Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So, a couple things. First, I’ll remind everybody once again that a huge proportion of our fees that we charge are revenue-based, so there is an automatic decline that has happened as a result of the drop in RevPAR. So that if you think about it for the mandatory programs and services that we charge, when you also include the deferral and the 50% discount that we gave in April and May, there’s actually very little due at the moment from – on the mandatory programs and services. At the managed hotels in North America, we have also, as I talked about, dropped payroll incredibly, as well as all the operating costs at the hotels. So of course, you do have owners, just as we too are thinking about how we are managing our payables, everybody’s trying to manage their cash as best they can. But I will say, our owners and franchisees are paying their bills. We have a really very, very small fraction of our hotels that are having trouble paying at the moment, and then except for a bit of extended payable terms that you can see, otherwise, it’s really all systems go for the moment. And as I said in April, we actually saw, relative to those numbers I gave, really a fairly dramatically better situation than the one that I gave you, but we wanted you to have the benefit of our cash planning so that we are making sure that, no matter the situation, that we’re able to manage through it.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Yeah, I do. Yeah, I think as you know, we typically really use our capital to propel our growth. Now, we do obviously from time to time work with an owner in a specific situation, particularly when there’s reinvestment going into a property as we have done with Host, for example. But I think, broadly speaking, we have reimbursables. We expect to get paid. We provide those programs and services, and the owners have an obligation to pay us. So while there is an ongoing dialogue and we certainly, as you’ve seen from all of our efforts to reduce our costs as well as to defer the payment of some mandatory required fees, then wanting to be understanding about the situation. But at the same time, I would not expect to see that we would be doing extensive either guarantees or loans to deal with this.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So first of all, on the impairment charge, if you think about the biggest chunks of the impairment charge today, two of them were related to leases. They are leases that have been around, and as you know with the lease accounting change, we have these assets on our books called right of use assets that extend over the life of the lease. So frankly, they really don’t relate to the classic sort of giving of key money with that. And frankly, there was one impairment charge that we took this quarter that we mentioned, the $14 million, that’s on a very large portfolio of limited service hotels. And as part of that transaction, there was an agreement by the owner to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to reinvent those properties. So quite frankly, still a transaction that was in the broader scheme of keeping up our portfolio and making them competitive, make a ton of sense. Now, I think, in general, as you think about what we have to invest in our pipeline, it’s actually fairly small. It tends to be that on the more complex higher-end projects that we at the margin are going to have a little bit more capital in than if it’s on a kind of small price-limited service hotel. But I think fundamentally, we still view that the way that we approach investing in deals to be appropriate. Now, at the same time, I will say we are obviously cognizant of kind of where we are from a liquidity standpoint as well as rebuilding the business over the next few years. So when we think about, for example, our restrictions that we have put into our revolver covenant waiver, we’re obviously going to keep very closely, a very close watch on the amounts of investment that we’re spending. But I think from a fundamental approach, we still feel really good about the value that we are driving with these key money type of investment.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, I’ll start. And then, Arne, feel free to add on. So I think first of all, let’s talk about what’s already under construction. The financial institutions today are in vastly better health than they were back in the Great Recession. And as Arne was saying earlier, these deals still make sense. They’re under construction. There’s no reason to think that they won’t get finished as the final supplies are delivered and they have the ability to open. Now, could it be that they open a bit later, depending on the environment for demand? Sure. But again, from everything we hear anecdotally as well as see – I don’t know if you notice around your towns that construction actually is one of the few businesses that you can actually still see a fair amount going on. And so, as you then think about the pipeline of new deals, I think that clearly is one that there’s more question around and that there is likely to be at least a bit more of a wait-and-see attitude by the lenders on committing to new deals. However, the one thing I will say is that as you think about, if they are going to lend, who are they going to lend to, it’s kind of classically been the case that the stronger brands get the financing when deals are getting done. And I would expect with all that you’ve heard around what we’re doing related to cleanliness and making sure that the guests know the standards that they can expect our hotels to have when they come, that will continue to be one of the strong points that our brands have when a developer goes to consider getting a loan. And the other thing I’ll say that the conversations that our developers are having continue apace. Obviously, conversion activity is up right now as we think about those conversations as well as then continued on new construction. These are folks who are looking for the longer term, and from a longer term perspective, they still view it quite strongly.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: No, I totally agree. The only thing I’ll add, Robin, is one of the differences between now and the Great Recession is our strong portfolio of soft brands, and frankly, the interest that we’re seeing in those brands around the world. So the conversion vehicles that we have now as compared to 12 years ago, I do think are meaningfully stronger, which I think is helpful. I think the financing realities are going to stay the same, so that’s kind of we’re going to have to – if somebody’s looking for financing or refinancing to do a deal, we’ll have to work through that in the demand environment with COVID. But I do think that we’ve got the right portfolio of brands, kind of across all 30. And we definitely are seeing increasing conversations. But as Arne said, if you’re looking at kind of normally maybe 15% to 20% of your room openings are conversion and let’s say that number goes up to a third, that still is not going to offset what you’re seeing in terms of the slowdown in new construction.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: In North America, it’s going to be overwhelmingly that way. So if you think about in full service, the full service rooms that we opened may be about call it 25%, 20% of our room openings in North America, because limited service is such a big chunk in our current pipeline, not of the existing stock but of the room openings, they’re going to overwhelmingly be soft brand, either new build or conversions. So I’d say we can get you the specific numbers, but a good percentage.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Yeah, sure. As you know, the new accounting standard called CECL, better known as CECL, does it a little bit differently than the way that bad debt was done for us before, and it’s an accounting standard that everybody out there has got to follow. And before, for us, it was truly writing them off once it was very clear that the receivable was absolutely uncollectible. The requirement now is a little bit more as you think about like a classic loan portfolio for a bank, where it has to have obviously what you reflect as uncollectible, but also an estimate of future expected losses. So it requires that you go when you’re looking at your past history of your receivables and making an estimate based on performance of where they will prove out, and so you actually are taking a classic loan loss provision against that base of receivables as well as when you’ve actually got a specific receivable that’s deemed uncollectable. So as you can see in the number that we talked about, $65 million, as part of what was in G&A this quarter, that obviously is meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. So it’s got whatever ones that we very specifically deem uncollectible but also given the environment an estimate of future expected losses.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: I’m sure they’re listening to this call, so I would say, no. No. I think that’s, as you know, is overwhelmingly a fixed charge, and we feel great about our partner, Marriott Vacations Worldwide, and we do not believe that there is risk associated with that fee.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, again, I think as I talked about before, we’ve done a remarkable job of being able to reduce our costs down to this level where we were able to offer this and still feel like we’ll be able to recoup our expenses in providing these kind of basic mandatory programs and services. So I don’t expect at this point that we would be looking at offering a further discount.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Yeah. I can give you that. So roughly 16,000 are pending conversions, and then as we said in the press release, about 24,000 are approved, but not yet signed. All the rest are new build pending construction starts.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So, as you know, you basically are looking every month at the expectation of the performance against a budget and against a target, depending on what the contract requires. So if there’s an owner’s priority then you need to have exceeded that but again, based on that month’s performance expectation. The issue, however, becomes you don’t actually technically earn it at the end of the year, until you see what the full year performance is. So based on, for example, January and February which were really terrific and really strong performance, we clearly were clicking along, doing well, and as I said, now would have locked in early on $64 million of incentive fees, however, even despite Greater China starting to really feel some impact in February and March. But when we look, knowing as we enter into April that you’re looking at 90% decline in RevPAR, our comfort that we can feel secure, that we won’t have to give those back is not great enough for us to feel like that we can recognize them as income.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. So let me do this, and then, Arne, obviously jump in. Think about it this way, that as people spend on their credit cards, our credit card issuers pay us an agreed amount of money, based on that credit card spend. And that is to compensate us for obviously being a part of the Bonvoy program and also for being able to affiliate with the Marriott brands. So when you think about that kind of amount over a number of years, there’s kind of an expectation about how much you could be collecting in revenues from the credit card companies. And basically, it’s getting some of it upfront. So what will happen over the next several years is what they will pay us based on the amount of credit card spend will be moderately a modest amount less than they otherwise would have paid us. So if you think about it from a kind of classic cost of capital, it’s extremely efficient and economic for Marriott to have. It also doesn’t have obviously any of the classic characteristics of debt in terms of required repayment terms, et cetera. So it’s really, again, overwhelmingly a reflection of monies that we receive earlier that then will get essentially paid back by them paying us less than they otherwise would have over the next several years. .
Arne Sorenson: So, there’s a lot we don’t know about the details of our owners’ access of the Payroll Protection Program (sic) [Paycheck Protection Program] and other government support. Obviously, we’re in touch with them and we hear back. We think that there are hundreds of hotels that have successfully applied for the Payroll Protection Program (sic) [Paycheck Protection Program]. How many of them have actually received the dollars is a little harder for us to keep track of. And the percentages that have been approved are in the 50% to 60% range, if you include the select service hotels. Select service hotels obviously tend to be more clearly small business than full service hotels, but for each hotel owner, there tends generally to be eligibility under some of these programs to get the kind of support that the government is intended to apply. We continue to work with them to try and navigate through that. I think the other thing that’s important is what we hear anecdotally from our owners in North America is that lenders have been reasonably accommodating as well. And so you put those things together and then you put the collaboration that Leeny has just described between Marriott and our owners, which includes very much our cutting above property costs including costs of programs that are paid for by the system and then work at deferring brand standards and initiatives and working to tap – defer FF&E spending and to tap FF&E dollars and those sorts of things. And generally, we think the – well, there’s pressure all around. We think overwhelmingly that the system is surviving so far. Obviously, it will get tougher the longer it lasts. But we do think we’re at bottom and think we’re likely to see some release in pressure as we go forward, as demand incrementally begins to return. The breakeven occupancy question is an interesting one. In a way, you could look at our portfolio in the United States – and, remember, April RevPAR down roughly 90% – and say why are only 16% of the hotels closed, because it’s got to – at those sorts of numbers, there are many more hotels that are losing dollars than that are closed. And that’s true. But the question is, do they lose – the question is not so much do they make money by staying open, but the question at the moment is do they lose less by staying open. And our general calculation is that by the time you get to 10% occupancy or so, you’re probably better off from a purely financial perspective to stay open, that the losses will be lower than the losses associated with being closed. And remember, when you’re closed, you’ve still got labor costs for some labor that is required. You’ve still got heating and cooling. You’ve got security. You’ve got other costs that cannot be avoided. And so it doesn’t – there’s not a closing scenario that gets you instantly to a breakeven level. You’re still losing money on that. I think when you look at what is a cash breakeven, obviously it’s going to depend a little bit on select service versus full service and the level of services provided. The level of services provided in hotels with light occupancy today is less than the level of services that were provided before COVID-19 showed up. Think about food and beverage as an example which is likely to be the significantly truncated today compared to what it was just a few months ago. But broadly, you’re going to probably break even at 30% or so occupancy in the select brands and maybe 40% occupancy in the full service brands. But again, still do better by being open at occupancy levels which are lower than that than you would do by being closed. The last point I think I’d make on this is, not just in terms of RevPAR but in terms of hotel closings/openings, April seems to have defined the bottom, and when we look at the last couple of weeks, there have not been significant movements in the number of closed hotels but most days we’re seeing one or two or three more hotels reopen than we are seeing hotels closed. And if anything, as we see demand start to crawl back as restrictions are released, I think the trend line now is towards more openings, not towards more closings.
Arne Sorenson: Well, I think what we’ve got to say here is probably not incrementally all that new from what others in the industry have been saying the last few weeks and what we’ve been saying actually the last few weeks. It’s – obviously, we’ve got a global phenomenon underway that is sort of stunning in its breadth. We’ve talked about China a little bit, and China does appear to be recovering and holding. I know there’s lots of debate about whether or not there is a resurgence of the virus in China. We’ve got tens of thousands of associates working in our hotels and basically have a way of tapping into that community and listening to both their sentiment and to some extent the data. And by and large what we hear there is reassuring that in fact demand is coming back and the virus spread does not appear to be profound. That doesn’t tell us for certain where it’s going in the next few months, but there is something that’s encouraging there. When you go around the world, you’re going to see a different dynamic in various parts of the world. I think in Europe, Europe, unlike China and the United States, is meaningfully more dependent on long-haul travel. You think about Europe as being a destination for vacationers from all around the world who want to see those great European cities, and because it’s dependent on air and long-haul, I suspect it will be probably the slowest to get back to the kind of levels that we enjoyed before COVID-19. Advantages of China and the United States are they’re both domestic markets. Even in normal times, the US is about 95% to 96% US travel with only 4% to 5% in total dependent on in-bound travel from the rest of the world. And by the way Mexico and Canada are both big source markets, and they’re obviously fairly close. Sometimes those are drive-to inbound business. Sometimes they’re flight, obviously. Looking at the US, which maybe where your question is focused, we obviously see the drive-to markets as being the strongest. You can see that in even the data we showed on select brands in the prepared comments are performing better. And I think that’s both leisure and to some extent it is sort of local or regional business, but business that is dependent on the car. And I think that will come back the most. I think we’ll see some cities perform better, so a couple of contrasts here. New York may be the stickiest because of its density and its reliance on mass transportation which creates some sense of risk. And so we would suspect – and also maybe a little bit their dependence on international travel which is higher than the US as a whole. But go to a market like San Antonio or even Chicago, where there is a much more likelihood that people can drive in, in the summertime, be outside, enjoy Lake Michigan or enjoy the outdoor destinations and I think we will see those markets perform better and faster. The slowest bit of business to come back will certainly be group, and we hear from our group customers that they want to get back to a place where they can bring people together, but they obviously want to do that in a way which is safe. And that depends on some things which we can influence like the protocols we use around cleanliness and meetings in the hotels, and we’ve got great work underway there. On the meeting side, it will include probably lower density in our hotels, in other words, more square footage being used for per head at a meeting than would have been the case beforehand. Maybe sadly, we’ve got the capacity to do that, but there are parts of this which we won’t be able to control to, and to the extent those meetings are dependent on air travel, it’s not just going to be how does the plane itself feel and the airlines I think are making good progress there, but how is it getting through the airports and can you get through the security lines in a way that makes sense. I think on balance – you’ve heard this a little bit from the industry data which is out there. I think what we’re seeing across the United States is folks are tiptoeing out of their homes a bit more the last few weeks. We’re probably seeing occupancy click up a point a week or something like that the last few weeks. That’s not enough to put a stake in the ground and declare that we’ve got momentum towards a recovery, given how low the numbers actually are. But it does tell you that the early travellers, which are going to be drive-to leisure, local, domestic, are interested in sort of getting out there and reliving their lives. And if they can do that and over time build confidence, collectively, we can build confidence in the safety that we can enjoy if we’re out of our homes, that will get better and better. And if, on the other hand, restrictions are released and the virus spread surges and we can’t have that confidence as consumers, it will not be just a question of what the government restrictions are, but it will be a question of what that confidence level is and that will make the recovery slower.
Arne Sorenson: Well, we’re watching it, I think, is the right answer. Obviously, we’re a month and a half into the extraordinary crisis outside of China and a couple of months longer than that in China. In various parts of the world, construction was essentially banned. In some markets, it was an essential service that was allowed to continue. Beyond that, you’ve got some question about hotels that were ready to open and whether or not the final furniture supply was in-hand or not or whether it was dependent on the global supply chain, which itself slowed down. I think we can say with a relatively high level of confidence that the overwhelming majority of hotels, which were scheduled to open in 2020 would have been very far along in their construction and they will still make sense to reopen, assuming some kind of reasonable assumptions around recovery. And so while there will be delay in getting them opened, we would expect that they will open. Whether that delay is a number of months or a number of quarters probably will depend a little bit on those supply chain dynamics, construction restrictions which by and large have been released. I mean I think California banned construction for a period of time, and I think construction is now back on in California. And just the owners’ sense about – obviously there’s less urgency to get open but whether it’s more logical to be open or to defer opening. It is likely we will have fewer new hotel openings than we assumed before COVID-19 in 2020. Whether that’s down by half or down by a quarter, we’ll have to watch and see. I think it’s still way too early to identify. I do think that most of the hotels that were scheduled to open in 2020 will ultimately open into our system, and the same I think can be said for certainly most of the first half of 2021 openings as well.
Arne Sorenson: Well, it’s going to be very interesting I think to watch. I think in the early stages, obviously, we’re going to have less F&B service, for example. I think we’re likely to have either fewer restaurants open, fewer meetings and the staffing that’s associated with meetings, probably a difference in the approach to buffets and some of those sorts of things. So I suspect in the early quarters, it’s going to be more grab and go and pre-packaged material, vary a little bit obviously by segment and by market around the world. But I think those things would generally tell you that for the balance of 2020, labor costs as a percentage of revenues are probably likely to be lower. I think when you look longer term, it’s going to be interesting. Certainly, in the first stage, we would expect that digital check-in, think about using your phone as a key or checking in at a kiosk, will be important both to protect associates and to protect guests. I think there will be relatively greater effort in housekeeping between guests than there was before to make sure that those rooms are virus-free to the extent we can be certain of that. I suspect there could be relatively less services provided during the stay, however, and those things may offset each other a little bit. But obviously, we’ll work our way through that in the best case we can. Long-winded way of saying I think in the near term certainly labor costs will be less, and obviously, we’ll be looking longer term at making sure that we meet what our guests’ expectations are and that the services provided are the services that are needed by our guests and also making sure that our owners get back to a place where their investments make sense and where their financial well-being is good for the long term.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah, yeah. I don’t think it’s certainly really not unrealistic to try, and I think we will work hard at that, if not getting back to the same levels, getting to even better levels. I do think that the – in the first instance, the recovery, top line recovery obviously is really important to this as well as what we do on the cost side. Top line recovery in the first instance is going to be COVID-19 driven. What is the sense of government restriction that gets in the way of our business? And what is the sense of sort of remaining concern or anxiety about the spread of the virus that dampens down demand? And the recovery from that is going to depend significantly on the progress of the virus, the development of a vaccine, the development of other treatments, maybe ubiquity of testing, all the things that are being talked about every day and endlessly every day. I think beyond that, that the question about the top line is going to be driven by the economy. And none of us knows how severe the economic hangover will be when the fear of COVID-19 recedes. But there is every reason to suspect that there may be some stickiness to a weaker demand environment, at least for a period of time, simply because of GDP activity. And so, those things I think are both important from a top line perspective. From a cost perspective, we will obviously do the kinds of things that we’re going to do. To the extent the top line is depriving us of dollars per room of revenue, that challenge becomes a little bit more significant. But I think as we move our way down the recovery and we see revenue per room come back, we ought to have a fighting chance at getting profits per room back too.
Arne Sorenson: Well, we call that Marriott Bonvoy. I think as of the end of the quarter, we’re at 142,000 members or something like that. And I think the program remains a powerful tool for us to drive loyalty of travelers to our brands. And we’ll continue to stay focused on making sure that program is strong and is relevant to folks, both as they travel and when they’re not traveling, and I think that will be the principal tool in our toolkit. Beyond that, of course, it’s the questions that are sometimes related, sometimes mutually reinforcing of that but it is the breadth of distribution. It is hotels that continue to inspire people when they dream about travel, which is often about resort destinations and about luxury and lifestyle hotels, not exclusively, but that certainly is a piece of that. And I think our portfolio there is extraordinarily strong. And then questions about how do we go to market with the sales force and how do we make sure we’re delivering the kinds of operational excellence which Marriott has long been known for. I think all of those things will remain tools that we rely on. We’re disappointed obviously by COVID-19 for so many reasons, but partly the momentum that we had built in the latter part of 2019 and which continued into 2020 with, as we mentioned, 330 basis points of index growth in January and February, which are massive numbers for a portfolio of our size, speak very well for our ability to get back there and rebuild that momentum. There’s nothing about COVID-19 which should disrupt that momentum in the years ahead.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah, it’s a fair question and obviously one that has been raised a few times. I think there are obvious differences between management and franchise. The franchise model is dramatically more prevalent in the lower segments of the industry. Franchising is also dramatically more prevalent in the US than it is in other markets around the world. And there are obviously different reasons for those distinctions. One is that the farther up the chain scale you go, the more likely you’re getting into group, the more likely you’re getting into luxury, the greater premium is placed on operational expertise. And by no means do I mean to suggest that there aren’t franchisees that have expertise that is able to do that. But not all franchisees do and in some markets of the world, those franchisees by and large have not existed yet. I think that there is room for us to consider whether in some of the lower segments we have more management than we need to have, whether we’ve had sort of a cultural bias towards management that is unnecessary. At the same time, I think the power of the luxury brands, the power of the lifestyle brands, the power in the group space, the power in food and beverage, I for one wouldn’t trade that away. I think that is something that is going to drive the stickiness of the loyalty program, drive aspirational travel, drive higher-end travel which will continue to be strong. And we want very much to keep that as a prominent and industry-leading part of our portfolio and would not trade Marriott’s model for being purely in the lower segments. There might be a different risk profile there, but there’s also a different upside this year.
Arne Sorenson: Oh, no, I don’t think so. The amount of money we’ve invested in Homes & Villas is really very modest. You’re talking about a handful of millions of dollars, something like that, to keep the business up and running. And I think the way we’ve positioned that business, which is the higher end of the home-sharing space sort of skewing towards whole home and luxury which is quite different from traditional hotel product and has different dynamics I think too in a COVID-19 environment, because you’re not really sharing a part of a home and you’re ending up in a place which I think can be where we can deliver the kind of professional services that we like to deliver which suggests there’s still opportunity for that. It is, as a consequence, I think something that we will continue to pay attention to.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah, I would think so. I mean, it’s obviously a tiny business for us by comparison to what we’re doing, and it is leisure focused, more leisure focused than our hotel business is. There could be some modest differences in the way that the ramp occurs. I wouldn’t think they’re very dramatic though.
Arne Sorenson: We’ve asked that question too. You may have noticed that when you check into a hotel we actually don’t typically ask people how they came. And so we’ve looked at this a little bit based on other data sources. And it won’t surprise you to learn that it varies dramatically from market to market. The select brands in the United States are going to be much less dependent on fly-to business than some markets where basically you can’t get there unless you fly. Think about the Canary Islands as an example. Our estimate is it’s probably half, something like that. But again, in a way you’ve got to be careful about a global average because it hides dramatic variation within it.
Arne Sorenson: [indiscernible] started construction. So I think the number we shared with you – and jump in here, team, if I’m remembering this wrong – 230,000 of the 516,000 are under construction.
Arne Sorenson: In that range. And so that’s the concrete number we can give you. I think what happens with this, the balance that are not under construction over the course of the next couple of years, there’s a few things to bear in mind here. One is that hotels are not entering that pipeline until typically they have been worked for a substantial period of time. It could be a year on average, although I’m guessing here a little bit where an owner is identifying a site, doing detailed work about how much it’s going to cost to build it, doing pro formas about what the returns are going to be and it is not, even though it may not be under construction, it is something which is very serious. We’re not putting deals in our pipeline, for example, just because somebody shows up and says I want to build a courtyard in X market, but I haven’t identified the site yet or I don’t have a specific deal to get done. And when viewed in that context, I don’t think it is at all surprising that 60 days into a crisis like this one that has a fairly uncertain path out that people are being tentative about making permanent decisions about killing deals that they’ve worked on for a period of time. I think the second thing to bear in mind is while we certainly have suffered a substantial hit in terms of top line performance, we will all be looking together to see what the best thinking can be about when that top line comes back. And for hotels that have not yet been built, what is the advantage that is available to me, if I can get it financed at a lower construction cost? And if I’m not open and I’m not going to be open for the two or three years that I need to be under construction, which may coincide with the weaker demand environment and also the weaker construction environment, my deal actually may be a decent deal and I may decide to pursue it. I probably won’t accelerate my construction until I get smarter about thinking that through, but there will be upsides as well as downsides associated with this weakness for projects that are not yet under construction.
Arne Sorenson: Well, I think we’ll watch that obviously. We want to make sure that we’re not dropping rate to chase demand, which is not there and that obviously does nothing for us. At the same time, we compete in an industry which is highly distributed in terms of its pricing. And this is one of the challenges that we bear perpetually. People view us as, okay, you’re the largest hotel company in the world, doesn’t that give you pricing power. Well, the fact of the matter is, even as the largest hotel company in the world, we’ve only got – what’s our global distribution, Leeny? 14%? 15%? Something like that of all rooms in the world? And a significant number...
Arne Sorenson: And many of those rooms are priced by our franchisees, not priced by Marriott. And so we will – we’re not going to push rates down by any means. We’re going to do everything we can to make sure we’re maintaining pricing power, but there will be price competition in our industry too as we try and get demand energized and coming back into the system. And we’ll do the best we can, making the kinds of judgments that need to be made.
Arne Sorenson: Thank you all very much for your time this morning. We appreciate obviously your interest in us and in the recovery of Marriott and the industry. Wishing nothing but the best as we work our way through this challenging time, as a business, as an industry and as society. But know that we’ll be there to welcome you as soon as you get back on the road with bells on. Thank you.
