Jason Koval: Thanks, Vasant. We'd now like to open up the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sylvia, we're ready for the first question please.
Jason Koval: And Joe, just when you look at the 4 sectors that Frits mentioned in his script, each of them contributes roughly low to mid-teens percent of our business.
Jason Koval: So Patrick, for example, on the business that we booked in 2011 for the following year, we're seeing rates up mid single-digits, and when we look out 2 years, we're seeing rates that are close to double-digit increases.
Jason Koval: That's right. So full year 2011 incentive fees were up 5%, but when you adjust for the affected countries in Africa, Middle East and Japan, it was up to closer to 14%, and that's on top of 2010's incentive fee growth of 21%.
Jason Koval: Yes, I couldn't comment on trends for other businesses than our own. But we continue to see steadily rising demand and interest. Tourist flows, conversion rates, pricing all moving in the right direction. Delinquencies likewise, going down and so there's a return to a much more stable pattern. California appears to be a little bit better as a source of demand for the West. So we're -- we feel like we're at a steady-state growth for the inventory that we have and the demand base and the amount of money that we're spending to market and sell. And essentially in 2012, we're predicting a continuation of that into the year. So we feel good about the steady improvement in the business, and see that pretty well spread.
Jason Koval: So David, thanks for your question. Unfortunately, related to any legal matter, there isn't much we can say other than the court's decision isn't final and the company intends to appeal.
Jason Koval: Perfect. Thank you, Vasant. Well, that wraps up our fourth quarter earnings call. Please feel free to contact us if you have any additional questions, and we appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Goodbye.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes, I mean, we gave you some sense of that on the Investor Day, and a couple of years ago, was it last year? At the end of 2010. I don't think our expectations have changed very much. It's still a 3-year sellout. We will expect really, this is the first year, and it will sell out over the next couple of years, 2013 and '14. Certainly front end loaded because we are working through the contracts that were signed. There were some contracts signed in '06 and '07, so we need to work through how those play out. Certainly, we're seeing some good -- we're seeing everything that we've sold after the crisis closing with no issues. So that's why you see the bulk of it in the first quarter. It then slows down each quarter based on what the sales are likely to be in the quarter for the quarter. And frankly, we will tell you more as the year progresses so which is why we've defined this as a minimum of $80 million and a minimum of around 120 closings.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Well, yes, Patrick, I don't think we would agree that group ADRs are weak. In fact, for new business booked, ADRs are up nicely not only in '12 and they're up even more in '13 and '14. So actually, the group rate aspects are looking good as we look ahead.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Sure. I'm glad you asked the question because it did, it is a little confusing when you look at it. So there's a couple of relatively straightforward explanations. As you look at last year, it was a year in which things sort of improved through the year. And given how these incentive fees are sometimes calculated, you don't know if you're going to make thresholds. So what happens is that last year, a lot of our incentive fees were allotted into the fourth quarter because it became clearer as the year progressed that we were going to exceed thresholds. We did exceed thresholds in the fourth quarter, and the incentive fees tended to be booked in the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter last year had perhaps more incentive fees both in the quarter than being spread out through the year just because of how the year played out. Then you look at this year, the biggest reason why incentive fees have been hit this year, as we told you earlier in the year, was because we essentially earned no incentive fees in Africa and the Middle East and Japan. In both cases, there were some significant fees that were lost as a result of what happened. So then you look at fourth quarter of this year versus last year. With those 2 things thrown in, as well as the fact that last year had a robust fourth quarter in fees and the comparisons don't look that good. So Jay, and if you actually look on a 2-year basis, incentive fees were up almost 30%.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I should use this opportunity to do something that Jay told me. Apparently in my comments, I inadvertently said our fee growth next year would be 6% to 8%. This year, it would be 6% to 8%. It is 8% to 10% as in the press release, so that was just a mistake on my part.
Vasant M. Prabhu: And the other thing I would add is the fourth quarter and the first quarter don't tell you much about Europe, they're very -- especially, at the first quarter, it's very much a low season. So when you're thinking about leisure travel, there's very little of it, so we'll really get a sense of the real trend in Europe in -- on the leisure side as we get more into the second and third quarters. And as Frits said, the good news is, as we look at January, the trend hasn't gotten worse, it's the same as what it was.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Well, we certainly, as we've said before, like having a strong balance sheet. We like the flexibility it provides us both to absorb any surprises on the downside that the economy might throw at us, also to seize any opportunities that may come our way. We have told you before that our priorities for the deployment of cash are reinvestment in our business which, as you see we're doing. Second it's to look for opportunities to grow our business, and we remain quite active in looking at things that could be ways to build our business as soon as we can do them in a way that is cost-effective and gives us a good return. Certainly return on cash to shareholders is very much something we have done before. We have raised our dividend by 57% last year, and we have a share authorization. But you should expect that we will be opportunistic as has been -- what we've done in the past. It won't be a programmatic buyback program, but you can rest assured that to the extent that there's cash available for which there isn't an alternate use in terms of reinvestment or growth, it will be returned to shareholders.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes, and in case you haven't noticed this morning, Fitch was the first of the rating agencies to move us up to investment grade. So they moved us up to BBB- and maintained a positive outlook, which means that they expect that they will move us to BBB perhaps this year, which was our target and we assume that the other rating agencies will be doing that at some point soon.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. There is no decline in our EPS. If you just work through the math, it's strictly what the interest expense is and what the tax rates are. So the tax rates, we had told you in the fourth quarter that there was all this going on, that interest expense where the capitalized interest from Bal Harbour would flow through the P&L, and so you wouldn't see the same interest rate decline -- interest expense declines that you might expect from a debt paydown. It is a non-cash thing, of course, so our cash interest expense does decline when the debt goes down. But what's reported for accounting GAAP purposes, the -- as Bal Harbour now becomes a project in sales the -- and the hotel is open, the capitalized interest is now expensed. So it's purely how the interest expense works and interest expense doesn't decline year-over-year that much. I think it came down on the $10 million or so versus maybe almost $15 million that would've come down based on the debt paydown. And the second is the marginal tax rate applying to Bal Harbour, again for GAAP purposes, is the highest bracket of 38.6%. So the tax rate is 30% on a weighted average basis between the 2. So this is something you'll just -- we'll just have to explain to you as we go along. We will only report 1 EPS number. It is just not worthwhile to try and allocate interest expense and taxes between the 2 and create more complexity. We will break out -- break it out on the EBITDA side. But the simple answer to your question is no, nothing's declined. It's just how the interest expense and tax rates work.
Vasant M. Prabhu: On the fees, if you're referring to the other income line, there were some items there that we were anticipating payments due to us from owners that was in that line. We have things that come through from time to time, none of this was unanticipated. They are payments made to us by owners for various reasons. So other than that, I'm not sure there's much else to talk about on that front.
Frits van Paasschen: Hey Joe, this is Frits. It's a very good question. We do look at our customers by segmentation both by industry, as well as importantly by the level of their participation. And as I mentioned on the call, our elite travelers overall around the world spend 60% more per travel than they did 5 years ago and there's twice as many of them, which means their spending overall in our system is up three-fold and that trend continues to build. A big piece of that is financial services, but an even bigger part of that are consultants. And if the financial services business is and hasn't been terribly healthy for a number of years, I would say broadly speaking, the professional services side continues to grow robustly, particularly as businesses look at outsourcing opportunities, they look at trying to grow and expand in markets where they haven't been before and fundamentally also because many global corporations are based in Europe and the U.S. but they're seeing growth in emerging markets around the world. So financial services, an important segment not growing as quickly, but between pharma, consulting and some of the other knowledge-based businesses, we're still seeing very solid growth among our most intense traveler.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, I mean, our sense is that the euro hasn't moved enough to make it -- make the perception that it's a great deal for North American travelers. The other thing is that while that change fluctuated through the year so I don't think that there was a perception that as people were planning, that they were going to get a great rate there. What we continue to see is in some of the gateway markets, more global travel into Europe, be it from the Middle East, Asia or North America, and that demand continues to be strong. And some of the resorts locations were a bit softer, and I think that overall, internal demand in Europe did something of a pause as we got into the fourth quarter based on what's happening there. But it certainly hasn't dropped off in a more significant way.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, so I think we acknowledged a few things as we looked at the New York market. The first is New York came back first, so the comparisons got harder, sooner for New York than elsewhere in the U.S. The second is to the extent that the financial services business has been after that has had some influence. But then finally, there's been a significant increase in supply that you alluded to as well, and in our case, what's been interesting about that incremental supply is, it's been more distributed throughout not just Manhattan but also into Brooklyn. And so that has, from our perspective, given a broader base of growth. And if you look at total tourist volume and total number of visitors into New York City, it's still relatively strong. And so we feel good about the New York market. We don't know that it will necessarily lead REVPAR and rate growth in North America but we don't think it's going to be soft either.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes. And just to amplify the point on the strength of the balance sheet, our sense is that the new normal will carry with it a great degree of volatility, and we certainly want to be prepared for that on the downside. We also believe that having funds available to be opportunistic is equally important. So we'll be making judgment calls about that as we go through time. But as Vasant said, we're focused still on making sure that the balance sheet gets to be strong, and we pass investment grade, which is where -- what we are in the process of doing.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, I think, Harry, a couple of things. First, that as energy costs do start to cycle upwards, we continue to look at ways through our sustainability initiatives to get high IRR, carbon footprint removing activities underway, and we're finding that those can be effective, as I said, both for economics as well as social reasons. And that's been a great benefit to some of our properties, and we continue to get better at sharing best practices and looking at ways, recognizing that each building, each property, each location, each energy cost story is a little bit different. And then on the food and beverage side, because of rising commodities prices and increasingly, commodities prices are correlated from energy to food as well, we are working with our food and beverage team globally again to share best practices, and get better at grouping, purchasing and procurement across different markets. That's something we've been doing for a while but we continue to improve in the capability to do that. So in the 2 most likely highest inflation areas, energy and food, we do have some ways to continue to fight the inflationary cost pressure.
