Tony Capuano: Sure. Thanks, Joe. Well, as we’ve said for a while, the fluidity at the markets makes it pretty tough for us to look much beyond the end of 2021. We continue to feel confident in the forecast we’ve given you for 6% gross rooms growth through the end of 2021 and 3% to 3.5% net rooms growth, 4% to 4.5% percent, if you back out the one-time headwind from SVC. On the mix of full service versus limited service, maybe I would point to the current pipeline. So if you look at the current pipeline today, interestingly about 40% of the global pipeline is full service. And even within that 40%, 25% of those full service rooms are in the luxury tier. And I think that’s quite encouraging for us. As you know, the fees coming out of a new luxury hotel can easily be 10 times that of a limited service hotel. And so I think we continue to focus certainly on the metric of gross and net rooms, because that’s an important metric. But as you’ve heard me, Joe say four years, looking at the composition of those rooms is every bit as important.
Tony Capuano: And I think just to build on Leeny’s point, the statistics I gave you on rates for the front of 2022 and 2023, I think really speaks to your concern about reluctance. The fact that in the first quarter of 2022, our rates are 6% higher than they were two years ago, and 10% for 2023, I think underscores Leeny’s point that reluctance is fading as folks crave the ability to meet face to face.
Tony Capuano: That’s a good question, Robin. And again, it’s a little hard to forecast quarter-to-quarter. I think what I would say to you is, we continue to see some construction delays around the world. But it’s part of the reason, we’re so encouraged by the first quarter’s volume of conversion activity. Conversions will have been and will continue to be a significant priority for our transaction teams around the world. And I think it’s in many ways, the one silver bullet we have to offset the impact of ongoing construction delays.
Tony Capuano: Yes. I think the point we need just made is an important one, which is our owner and franchisee community look at both sides of that coin. We are seeing increases in construction costs both on the labor and materials side. But as you’ve heard from us in the past, our owner community doesn’t necessarily try to time the market based on cost factors in a given quarter. They tend to be long-term holders of these assets. And to Leeny’s point, while they are appropriately aware of potential impact of inflation on wage rates they also embrace the historical impact of inflation on ADR growth.
Tony Capuano: Both great questions. The challenge obviously is in this environment, I’m not sure I’ve ever seen an environment where RevPAR index numbers are less relevant. We look anecdotally at the way our hotels are ramping up and the preference that our guests continue to have for our brands. But as you know, we’ve essentially – we’ve been pleased with the momentum we saw coming into 2020 on the improvements of index. And we think when we get beyond the pandemic, we expect to pick up essentially right where we left off in terms of improvements in index across the portfolio.
Tony Capuano: Yes. Maybe I’ll take the group question and let Leeny take the BT question. Nothing particularly remarkable, I don’t think we’re seeing any dramatic difference in trends from region to region. I think as Leeny alluded to earlier, the strengths of our revenue management infrastructure really is allowing us to drive rate in the face of what is really encouraging upticks in demand for group. And that really – the demand for group is really kind of tracking the overall recovery REIT trends we’ve seen by region across leisure NBT.
Tony Capuano: Well, I want to thank you all again for joining us this morning and your continued interest in Marriott. As we said at the outset, we continue to be encouraged at the pace of recovery around the world and look forward to hopefully sharing more good news a quarter from now. Thank you.
Leeny Oberg: Sure, absolutely. You’re right. And this is obviously a pretty fluid situation. So the kind of the first part of this is around the dramatic changes that we made last year, which obviously cut down to the very bare bone of what we needed to do at hotel to manage with extraordinarily low levels of occupancy. But then as you’ve seen demand pick back up, particularly in the resort hotels, we’ve obviously added back meaningfully more in the way of services for our guests. But to your point, we’ve also got the reality that guests also have their own views on what they feel comfortable with as it relates to housekeeping. And so we have made sure that there are choices for them to be able to – for example, in a luxury hotel, we continue to have daily housekeeping while if they are not comfortable with somebody coming in with their stay, then they can have that too. Our view is that we will continue to be looking at this really with an eye towards the occupancy in a variety of markets, where we are going to need to be flexible. But I do think by the end of the year, Shaun that we will have been able to make some decisions as we look forward about how we’ll manage this – as occupancy really gets back closer to being normal. And in that regard, we do believe that there are some things that we can do to improve the productivity of the hotels. It obviously varies a lot by the tier. What is expected at a select service hotel is very different from a beach luxury hotel. But I do expect as we get into 2022 that we will have reestablished where we are on the brand standards. As you know, renovation is also a whole another topic. And there, we’ve got to make sure that we’re taking into consideration that dramatically lower cash reserves that the hotel owners have and picking our spots and making sure that we’re picking the renovation work that is critical to the customer experience.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. You’re right on the money in terms of the question about the variability there, Thomas. Just as a quick reminder, we’ve got 66 owned or leased hotels of which 20 are owned. And I think it varies so much depending on what is going on in the occupancies of these various markets. So just to give you a sense Galla and Emiya are where we’ve got really the toughest time for occupancy right now for our owned, leased hotels. And for that, if you think about the elegant acquisition where we had those hotels compared to a year ago in the first quarter, they obviously had a dramatic change in their profitability year-over-year in the first quarter and similarly in Europe. But at the same time, I think, in the U.S., what we’re seeing is with the improved demand situation that those owned leased profits are in better shape. So broadly speaking, the other thing to remember is that, in the first quarter, we also had $17 million of termination fees, which actually helps owned and leased line. And that tends to be in a given year or something like, $45 million in that ballpark. So I think, if for better, for worse, is going to depend very much on what happens Galla as well as in Emiya to see these owned leased numbers rebound.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. So, I think, again – I think for all of us, we’re all seeing that – the comfort people have around travel is now moving in the right direction. But there is still uncertainty. And as you’ve got different vaccination rates in different part of the world and even within the U.S. at different rates in the U.S. there is still some concern around getting everyone together in a large group. But interestingly, what we see is that by the time you get to 2022, we really aren’t seeing cancellations there. And frankly, even when you look at the pace between Q3 and Q4, you’d see a notable difference. And when you look at the ADR in the U.S. for example, for system-wide, you’re actually looking at ADR for group pace being up versus 2019, starting in Q3 of 2021, all the way through 2022. And overall revenue being, from a group pace standpoint, 20 points better in Q4 than it is in Q3. So we do believe by the time we get to 2022, there is a lot of pent up demand. And that from all that we hear from our corporate clients and association clients, that people are very anxious to be back in the groups, but whether that feels comfortable exactly in Q3 or exactly in Q4 is, where we do sense hesitancy. But that once you get past 2021 that there is a full expectation that people will be getting back into doing their group business.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. It’s total room nights at this point are down 16%. Now this is on group pace. This is not on the books. This is just group kind of the group pace that we’re seeing. And they were down 16% compared to 2019 levels on rooms as compared to this year down 62%. But again, it’s early days, right? We’ve only seen Q1. So I think part of this is the uncertainty I was pointing out that people are looking for just a little bit more clarity around, is it August? Is it October, when people are more comfortable having these large group meetings where everybody can be together.
Leeny Oberg: Robin, just to circle back, on the books was the minus 16% of room nights that I gave you, when we talked earlier. In terms of bookings for next year, when we look at in the quarter, we also there – we’re seeing that the room nights are down 30%. If you’re again, looking solely at what was booked in Q1, but from the group that is on the books for the moment for next year, it was the 16% room nights that I described earlier.
Leeny Oberg: So I’ll make one comment. I guess, I think the first thing is to look at where we did talk about some of our March numbers, which was when you saw that occupancy rebound dramatically, you also saw a rate respond extremely well and very dynamically. So our revenue management system is designed to be that dynamic. And we’ve spent a lot – we’ve paid a lot of attention to making sure that we adjust it for what has happened to business over the last year and a half. And so I think from our perspective, we’re very pleased with what we see in terms of rate discipline, the group numbers that we talked to you about, what we’ve seen on the special corporate side, which is that this year rates stayed essentially flat. So it is something that we’re paying really close attention to and market by market is right. This is very much something that happens depending on exactly what’s going on for a particular tier in a particular market. So we are very careful to be looking to make sure that as we see the pickup in demand that we’re adjusting for rates extremely quickly.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So as we talked about before, we are working quickly to get our leverage ratios back in line. We are still not there. We have a ways to go, as you think about our EBITDA, still being in the ballpark of down 60% to where it was before. And we are determined to through both suspending the cost, the cash management, as well as obviously stimulating demand to getting back there as quickly as we can. And we’re confident that we’re going to get there and hopefully sooner rather than later. When we think about capital return, I’ll also point out that we have worked hard to extend our weighted average maturities on our debt over the past year and a half, which I think does put us in good position to be thinking about capital return. Once we get our leverage ratios back where we want them to be, I can’t predict exactly when that will be. And I think when you ask about the question of, will we be keeping them at a different level? I think a lot of this does depend on how we see business coming back and the stability of it. So we will see when we get there, obviously discussions with our Board on that topic and continue to look forward to that conversation. But again, I’m confident that we will be there before too long.
Leeny Oberg: So I’ll start on the hotel margin side, and then Tony can talk about the development side. On the hotel margin side, as you’ve heard us talk about before so much of how we hold onto these margins depends on how fast demand comes back, because we do believe that there’s some work that we’ve done that will permanently help keep some of this margin improvement. But obviously, depending on how long it takes for demand and ADR to come back, you’ve obviously got annual wage inflation risks that start to cut against some of the savings that we’ve come up with. So from that respect, we do watch really carefully. I’d say roughly 50% of a full service cost structure is related to labor. And we are watching that very carefully. As we see demand come back and look at all the things that we’ve done on the productivity side, but the pace there is very much around how quickly demand comes back. So far from what we can tell, we do like what we see in terms of the pop back on rate and feel good about our ability to hold on to some of these savings in a more permanent way. But obviously, wage inflation is something that we see. And frankly, it is typically been the case that when you have inflation on wages, you often also have inflation on ADR, which helps to offset that. On the development side, I’ll turn it over to Tony.
Leeny Oberg: Just as a reminder, index has done as you know, at the local level. So right now the index numbers can very often have hotels that is either not open or it’s just opened. And so while frankly, the numbers may overwhelmingly looks really good, they also frankly, are not really a good, steady state view of how the hotel is doing because the demand is so volatile. So at this point we just don’t believe it’s a number that is reflective of the real state of play for our hotels and our brands, but look forward to them getting back that way.
Leeny Oberg: We don’t talk about specific numbers, but except to tell you that they were going up steadily across all the brands. And frankly, as we moved into 2020, what we saw in January and February moving into with some really powerful momentum as the full integration of our loyalty program and all of the systems was complete and really a strong set of movement across all the brands around the world on RevPAR index.
Leeny Oberg: And on business transient, this again gets to – it’s very market specific. So if somebody frankly needed to go and do business in Miami in the month of March or April, frankly, they were paying really strong rates. But in many markets, it’s more of a reflection like a New York City or Chicago, where it was obviously lower. Special corporate kind of rates overall, though, in terms of our contracted rates with our corporate – large corporate clients, as you probably know, they actually rolled over in 2021 from 2020. So you see a pretty steady sort of pricing, while if you look at the last recession, they actually went down by 6%. So we’ve been pleased to see them hold steady. I think obviously as we get into this fall, we’ll see where that goes for 2022 because that’s typically when we go out and renegotiate these rates for next year. But for this year, they’ve held pretty steady.
