Leeny Oberg: Thanks, Shaun. Sure. Let me start. So the sensitivity we've given you is based on where we are in February, which is as Arne described is Asia-Pacific RevPAR being down about 50%. But obviously that is massively skewed by Greater China being down 90%, while the rest of Asia-Pacific is down meaningfully less. So that is based on an assumption that they stay roughly the same and that we continue to have no meaningful impact outside of Asia-Pacific. As you pointed out in your comment and your question this is extremely fluid situation. We are actually now reopening hotels in China every day. But at the same time how this exactly spreads to other continents remains to be seen. Just in terms of the other continents I think you're familiar with our basic layout of fees which is that again broadly speaking you know that North America is roughly two-thirds Greater China, Asia-Pacific we described as being roughly 16%; CALA 4%; Europe 9%; and EMEA at 4%. So all of these line up relatively well with our fee distribution as you look throughout the world. The only other thing I'll mention Shaun is just to remember that from an IMS perspective that Asia-Pacific accounts for roughly one-third of our incentive management fees. North America accounts for another one-third and the rest of international accounts for about one-third. So, all of that fits into the equation that we gave you of the $25 million per month from Asia-Pacific. 
Leeny Oberg: The only thing I'll add is to remember that new hotels opened throughout the year, and they're all ramping up starting from zero. So, their fee contribution in year one is extremely small relative to overall fees. Now obviously year two is more important. But the year one impact frankly from a bit lower openings is not meaningful.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Harry, we'll cover those. So first of all, let's talk about termination fees. Overall termination fees in 2019 were meaningfully lower than they were in 2018, and we actually expect termination fees in 2020 to be even lower still. So, the ones in Q4 really a question about timing and which hotels close and they can have a varying amount associated with them. The other point I would mention, if you remember last year we had deleted rooms that started to get closer to 2%, while this year we are squarely at 1% in terminations, which is on the lower end of our 1% to 1.5% guidance that we've given. So, I think from that standpoint I think we feel good about the progression of how it's going with our portfolio. I think in terms of the pipeline that we see both in terms of legacy brands and in terms of the Starwood portfolio brands, I think as we've described in Q4, we really kind of topped out a spectacular year in terms of new deal signings. And they were happily very well distributed across all of our brands with some notable growth in some of the Starwood legacy brands.
Leeny Oberg: So yeah. So a couple of things that I pointed out. One is that we definitely had a bit of a benefit on the cash tax side in 2019 that we will then pay for in 2020 relative, for example on the cash taxes that we're paying on our asset sales. So, that is a bit of timing that will even out obviously over time. On the loyalty side, I think that is the one that is worth spending a little time talking about. And there, I think you definitely saw that in 2018, we saw the loyalty program behave more in its more historical pattern of being a cash -- net cash positive part of our story. And this year, it moved to being several hundred million of a net cash user. And that you really need to think of within the context of the introduction of Bonvoy. I there was some pent-up demand relative to our customers being excited about being able to explore all of our properties and used their points at a much more expanded portfolio. We also had the introduction of Bonvoy, which moves some timing of marketing expenses from 2018 to 2019. And you put that together and I think in the first year of the program, you definitely saw a fairly unusual pattern for the program. We are quite confident that that will smooth out over time and return to its more normal pattern. We do think it will still be a user in 2020, but much less of a cash user. And things that we've talked about like the introduction of peak, off-peak which manages the demand a little bit better in terms of the points that it costs at the different properties both in low and high demand times, all of that will work towards getting this program to where I think it behaves more like it has in the past.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So generally I'd say similar maybe a tad higher relative to 2019. But again it ties as I said before to the reality that these are generally on fantastic full-service and luxury projects that are well worth the investment. And I think it ties to our success in signing new deals in these hotels around the world where the owners want our brands and generally the market is competitive for capital for those projects. But when we look at the value that we get on these hotels we expect it to be meaningfully higher than the ones that require no capital. So again a little bit higher, but not meaningfully. 
Leeny Oberg: So, the only thing I'll add to that David is just to remember the reality that internationally, we earn -- 80% of our hotels' earned incentive fees in 2019, while in North America, it was 56%. So, -- and these are very similar numbers to a year ago with a little bit lower number in North America because of the cost pressures and the low REVPAR. And the other thing I'll mention is that it is the case in Asia-Pacific that it's quite common that there is a slight increase in the amount of IMF as you increase your GOP margin. So, it is the case that as you get fuller and fuller and a really robust RevPAR that you can be earning an incentive fee that is instead of 6%, it becomes 8%. And so there is the reality that as you are losing RevPAR at first, it's a pretty dramatic drop. But then obviously the closer you get to zero, you're down at a lower level of earning IMF. So, there's less to lose. But Arne's point is the right one that these are annual tests. So, you got to really look at the end of the year what you earned for the year and that will determine what you make.
Leeny Oberg: So let's just kind of as a quick refresher on Avendra. When we sold Avendra there was a gain of call it $650 million that we're going to use to offset costs that otherwise would have been charged to the owner. And I would say that we are roughly half the way through those monies. And again, as we think about all the different programs and things that we're doing, those are obviously a part of what we would expect going forward. That we would continue to use to offset cost that otherwise would get charged. But honestly, we do think of them as things that are kind of core to what we want to do for the hotel system. I don't think of them as really ones that we kind of use it to plug a hole. We've thought of them more as kind of ways to invest in the system. And though of course, it's great that we do have it and we can use it. I think at this point we continue to expect that we will be able to use it to invest in the system.
Leeny Oberg: In Asia-Pacific, most of the hotels procure their own and so it will depend on the reading of each of those contracts of what their insurance policies say. But we would not necessarily expect a big amount at least in Asia-Pacific.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Absolutely. So it's a careful balance. We really look to maximize the returns to shareholders when we've got excess capital and we have a commitment to do that. And we want to continue to do that. At the same time, we have the same commitment to maintain our strong credit rating. And from that standpoint, we need to be looking very carefully at both what's happening now and what we expect to be happening as we move forward through the year. So we've given you our base case without any impact from corona but -- the coronavirus. But due to your question, we are going to of course have to take into consideration real-life and that will impact how we have to think about share repurchase. But we're looking at everything we can on the cash side, on the expense side, on the fee side, et cetera to continue to balance those two efforts. But they -- absolutely, as we continue to see what happens, if you assume my numbers were correct relative to $60 million of impact on the EBITDA line in Q1 that will have an impact on share repurchase for the year. And then as you think about the other question, which was on the credit card fees, yes, for the year we had $410 million for credit card fees for the full year. The rest you probably remember that we have timeshare branding fees that roughly approximate $100 million. And then, the rest is split between the residential branding fees as well as some other smaller categories and app and relicensing fees. The way, I would describe it going forward in 2020 is that group as a whole we expect to grow up towards 10%. When I think about the credit card component of that, I would call that kind of mid-single-digits maybe around 6%-ish.
Arne Sorenson: It's -- I think it's -- first, good morning. It is too early to give you a numeric sensitivity to openings. I think obviously you've got in Asia-Pacific particularly a very intense situation. We did open about 1,000 rooms in January in China, but in a sense that's sort of before or at the very front end of this coronavirus. I think if you look at the next few months while we've got about 90 hotels closed and RevPAR down nearly 90% in the market there's not much urgency to get a hotel open even if it's ready. That if it's ready, though it will open before the end of the year. And so the impact on full year numbers maybe nothing, but it wouldn't be surprising to see some of this get delayed. I think in the rest of the world, it's much harder to assess. We have talked to our design and construction folks. We've talked to a number of our partners. And I think generally it is decorative furnishings and some furniture and maybe some fabrics that are most likely to be sourced from China. We think that the openings that were sort of planned for the first part of 2020, are more likely to have had all those supplies either in possession or in route to them and so could well not be impacted. But I think we and many other industries, of course, are looking at the longer term supply impact will be to the supplies that we need. Obviously, in this context, it's more about hotels opening than the operating supplies. But I think that there -- it wouldn't be at all surprising to us to see some further expansion of the construction schedule, and certainly as long as this virus situation last.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah. It's obviously a big world. But as we mentioned in the comments both legacy Marriott and legacy Starwood portfolios have been really performing extraordinarily well on index both in Q4 and full year 2019 and as we start 2020 and both really hundreds of basis points. In Q4 there were some easy comparisons. Obviously we had a strike last year in the United States, which impacted San Francisco and Hawaii probably most. They had probably a bit more impact on the legacy Starwood portfolio than on the legacy Marriott Starwood portfolio than on the legacy Marriott portfolio. But even there the RevPAR index performance in Q4 of last year was down meaningfully less than it was up this year in Q4. So, whether you look at strikes or you look at a little bit of integration noise in Q4 of 2018, we not only made up that ground but we lapped it. There are other sort of spectacular numbers. You can see from our Q4 China RevPAR numbers, excluding Hong Kong at plus 2.5%. I think the China team's RevPAR index growth for the two portfolios of plus 600 to 700 basis points. And it's all cylinders moving. It's the loyalty program. It is the digital platforms and the way they're performing. It is the sales team. There's good news sort of across the portfolio and it is very much shared by both the Marriott and the Starwood portfolios.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. Let's -- obviously the weekend news around coronavirus was not good. You had South Korea and Italy both and the Iran story as well a little bit. Obviously, we don't have anything in Iran and so there's no measurable impact there. But we're just days into it. So, we are essentially every day getting the team together by phone and getting data where we look at performance across these markets. And we're listening to our customers obviously talk about it. And let me give you a few anecdotes. Maybe start with Asia-Pacific even though your question focuses on the rest of the world. I'll talk about the rest of the world in a second. China itself, Leeny mentioned about 90 hotels closed. We have RevPAR down about 90%. I think the last full week number I had was minus 87% year-over-year, so not quite as bad as minus 90. The Chinese government is trying to ramp at least some things back up. So, we can see for example in Macau, we probably got down to 1% to 2% occupancy. We may now be at 7% to 8% occupancy. Now that's still down massively year-over-year. I think it's too soon to put much stock in this effort to reopen China because it's early and you still have schools closed and we don't really know exactly how this is going to come back. But there is at least some hope I suppose that we've bottomed in China and maybe things will get a little bit better. You move around the rest of Asia-Pacific and you see some things that you would expect. So, Singapore down about 50% RevPAR year-over-year. That's a -- again a recent week number. That's not a full year February number. By contrast India, up 5%, that was before President Trump's visit so that's not driven by his visit, but is driven by the fact that India is really not much dependent on China travel and has got a different GDP story than one which is dependent on the China story. Obviously, when you look at South Korea and Italy we will see both cancellations and we will see declining RevPAR in those markets. Still too early to tell. I know that some of the Italian cities, we've probably lost a few tens of points of occupancy in the first days. But that's not the country as a whole and it's far too soon to come up with, sort of, predictions for that if you will. I think when all is said and done we would have to characterize our $25 million a month. Run rate as being probably a bit light because we're going to see some impact in Europe. We're going to see some impact in other markets around the world which is probably not entirely dependent on China travel. And our $25 million is basically a China travel story and an APAC story. But I think even though that we would expect this will be messy for the next few weeks if not maybe the next few months we'd go back to what we've said before and that is that this will end. It's clear that it will end. We can't tell you when it will end. But when people start to get confidence that they don't need to be worried about picking this up if they're thinking about going to Seoul, for example, that travel will come back and it will probably come back fairly quickly. Next question.
Arne Sorenson: The -- a bunch of questions there. I mean, I think we talked about our penetration too which is both paid and redeem nights as a percentage of total nights in the hotels and we are seeing those penetration numbers move meaningfully up. And to state the obvious that means the program is growing enough to deal with the roughly 5% unit growth, plus drive increased penetration in comped hotels. And we're very pleased with that. So we're seeing both paid up about 10% or so and redeemed up significantly too and that's all gratifying for us. I think -- well, it's a little harder to get share of wallet data, because we guess on that a little bit. We're obviously -- we don't have internally the kinds of tools we need to measure share of wallet. We're quite convinced we are increasing share of wallet from the loyalty program and from our loyalty members. I think longer term and Leeny's talked about both the cash flow impacts in 2019 and in 2020, there's absolutely no reason that the loyalty program won't get back to being a positive cash flow generator for us on an annual basis. That is obviously driven significantly by the fact that we continue to grow the program and we continue to grow our portfolio of hotels. And so as you do that, we will tend to issue more points for paid stays than are redeemed. And we will continue to see as we've done in the past that there are more and more revenues coming into this program, which are coming in from credit card partners or restaurant partners or other partners besides just the hotels that are participating in the program. So this is obviously to be cash flow negative in the loyalty program in 2019 is unusual in a sense. We'd love to wave one and have it be something different. But it is actually quite logical given the launch of the program both to market it the new name and to get this massive group of customers to experiment with it. And we are much more pleased than we are disappointed, because it shows the engagement of our loyalty members with program and with us.
Arne Sorenson: I think the fair response Bill is we're asking the same question you're asking. And what we get back at the moment is very much anecdotal doesn't really show up in our data yet. We obviously get our weekly flashes and we get a daily look if we want to dig in and get a daily look. And by and large, you look at the U.S. market, for example which just as a reminder, is basically 95% to 96% domestic travel. So, all business in the United States coming from international markets is in the 4% range, maybe 4.5%. And big markets in that would include neighboring markets like Canada and Mexico, which probably have a different kind of travel profile if you will than the travel coming in from further abroad. And there, we've got very, very few cases in the U.S. obviously we're all watching that to look at. But we're not really seeing a measurable impact yet. We're instead seeing as we mentioned in the prepared remarks a handful of group things really globally, which have canceled so far. I suspect it will step up a little bit, but we're going to watch that on a day-to-day basis. And overwhelmingly obviously that depends not just on time, but it depends on what are the incidences of the cases of this virus in various markets in the world and how to travelers react to that.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah, Leeny will have that -- precise number here that is worth talking about. But the comparison to SARS, which is probably the most similar virus is very hard to make. I think if you go back to 2003, I'm guessing here a little bit Chinese annual outbound travel would have been, I don't know, sub-10 million trips a year. And last year we were probably closer to 150 million China trips. So, the relevance of China to the rest of the world is dramatically different. The second thing I think if you look at Marriott's own story, we mentioned we've got 375 hotels open in China at the end of the year. Those are not all comp, but our comp hotels are probably two-thirds of that or something like that maybe a little bit more than that. I think if you go back to 2003, we had 11 or 12 comp hotels. They would have been mostly in Hong Kong probably and then a couple of cities in China. And so, I don't think there's much that we can really take from that other than when SARS ended it ended. And people got back fairly quickly. That doesn't mean they get back the day after, but it does mean they get back within a month or two or three.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah. Pretty quickly. But ultimately that depends on people being able to look and say yes it looks like that's behind us. And so, I think I think that's the comparison that's easiest to draw. It's logical not just SARS and MERS, but other unfortunate events that have occurred tell us that travelers are pretty resilient. And one of the reason to be concerned is behind them they're going to get back and get on the road.
Arne Sorenson: I think the short answer is no. I mean I think the -- it's a lovely thought. But the way these incentive fees work basically -- and Leeny correct me if I'm wrong here, but they're mostly annual tests. The -- if there's an owner's priority, they're mostly fixed and they don't step up which is a fabulous thing for us over the length of time. But similarly they don't mostly step down. In fact I don't know of a single contract in which an owners' priority would step down based on performance. I think the probably the disappointing thing here is if you hypothesized that this was a three-month issue in 2020 and of course that's a total guess, but just use it for the sake of discussion. The test is still an annual test. And so the -- in the United States, particularly, where we've got owner's priorities typically in managed hotels, the impact, if there is one during those three months, will have some lasting impact on incentive fee earnings in 2020, but will have no impact in 2021. I think it's the way to think about it. If you go to Asia where typically you don't have an owner's priority, we will not have probably quite the hangover impact, so if business disappears in China for three months and then it bounces back and does its sort of normal fee, if you will, we'll lose a quarter of the incentive fees we would otherwise earn. And so by the time you get to Q3 or Q4, we should be back to sort of a similar kind of pace as we in the past.
Arne Sorenson: And then on business interruption insurance. I think the right assumption here is that there will be relatively few policies that are implicated by the coronavirus. We'll obviously watch that and make sure we study it. But my guess is neither the owners or Marriott are going to substantial business interruption proceeds from this.
Arne Sorenson: It's a good question. The -- of the 375 hotels that we had opened at year-end 2019, I know of only one that was not owned by a Chinese investor. Those investors are cover the gamut. I think there are many which are government-owned entities. Not all. There are a number that are substantial real estate companies that own hotels but also do residential development in the rest. And obviously, we've been in communication with owners continuously throughout the six or seven weeks that we've been looking at this. We have had really no indication yet that there are owners under severe pressure. At the same time, when RevPAR is down 90%, it's a fair assumption that none of these hotels are producing positive cash flow to service debt or to do anything else. I think one of the advantages of the economic system that China has is the government is involved not just sometimes through the ownership with government-owned entities, but on the lending side as well. And I think the government will have the tools in order to make sure that people will be able to navigate through this without foreclosures and without sort of significant long term consequences.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. And I -- again as we mentioned before, we were picking up a few anecdotes, but we're not really picking up yet in the data anything that we can really what measure or predict from. I think it is brand new. Obviously, you had over the weekend stories that we're focused on these other markets outside of China, but also outside of the United States and Italy and South Korea and the like. You've got the President for the first time speaking about it really last night. And so the U.S.-focused discussion is obviously brand new. The numbers of cases in the United States are still tiny. We were at a -- my wife and I were at a dinner in Washington last night with a bunch of folks who are obviously asking questions around this. And we don't have a single case in the Greater Washington area. And that's the case in most markets across the United States. So, I think it's way too early to expect that the data is going to be very revealing to us. But at the same time, when you get the President doing a press conference on it, that's by itself not a good thing and it will cause more travels to stop and think about it. And again, it's one of the reasons I would say that the $25 million a month number that we've used as a yard stick is probably at this point a bit light, but we don't know what other number to give you.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. The -- I mean loyalty -- the loyalty program is I think the thing that we would call out the most. We talked about penetration generally. We gave you the -- both North America numbers and the global numbers for penetration. Again, what percentage of total rooms is driven by both paid and redeem nights. It won't surprise you to know that the penetration numbers are higher in the U.S. just because our brand is better known. We've been doing business here for longer. And it's higher in select brand hotels than it would be in full-service hotels because you've got less group business and the hotels are overwhelmingly driven by transient business. But even when you look at all those differences, you see very healthy increases in penetration outside the U.S. and in full-service hotels and in resort destinations, all of which goes back to the loyalty thing. We're not going to publish today what our index is by brand or even by segment. I will tell you that I get monthly a global index report and the cover of that report has got a chart that starts in 2014 and ends essentially with the current month that's being reported. And the -- and that summary chart breaks it down by three segments; luxury being one segment, upper upscale being one segment, and essentially upscale or the select brands being another segment. And every one of those three is at an all-time high compared to that -- the other numbers on that 2014 chart and they continue to go up.
Arne Sorenson: We're watching what Google is doing very, very closely. The -- certainly, if you look back over I don't know a three or four-year period, we too have seen that the paid search volume coming out of Google has grown from what it was three or four years ago. We didn't see a significant move in the second half of 2019 for us. Now, having said that, just as a reminder, we obviously don't like to pay for paid search if somebody is searching our brand. So, imagine for taking a discussion that somebody's gone on Google and they have search Marriott New York, we don't love to pay for that. And often we don't -- usually, we don't pay for that because we think that person is looking for a Marriott hotel. And they're going to end up finding our site whether it's through Google or whether they come in through some other path, because they're focused on it. In the same way, if somebody goes on and searches Hyatt New York, we're also not likely to pay for that because that's a customer that is sadly, maybe but nevertheless focused on some other brand. That is not necessarily the case in either instance for an OTA. An OTA is going to also be selling Marriott rooms or Hyatt rooms or other rooms. And if they can get somebody to come from Google to their site and collect commission associated with that even, if they're selling the room that the customer seems to be looking at, that's going to go into their calculation in a way that's very different from ours. And so I think it's a long-winded way of saying that the first impact of changes by Google in their strategy, are much more relevant to the OTAs than they are to somebody like us. But we are watching this very, very carefully. We've obviously got a good partnership with Google and there's a lot of volume that comes through our digital channels. And we'll look for ways that we can use those tools to help us do what we want to do which is particularly find customers who are not now in our loyalty ecosystem. Find a way to bring them into our ecosystem. And if we can do that in a way that is cost effective we'll do it.
Arne Sorenson: So that the -- experience we have over decades is that in Washington during the Presidential Election year that tends to be bad for transient demand having said that, the group bookings in Washington for 2020 are quite strong. And so we actually think Washington will perform reasonably well. The only other point to make is an obvious one which is wherever the conventions are they're going to benefit from it where the conventions didn't occur -- well none of its commissions obviously occurred last year. So those cities should help because there will be incremental demand. But we've got lots of politicians staying in our hotels in these various markets and we're glad to have them all.
Arne Sorenson: All right. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and interest this morning. Get on the road, come stay with us.
