Jason Koval: Thanks, Vasant. We'd now like to open up the call to your questions. So in interest of time and fairness, please limit yourselves to one question at a time and then we'll take any follow-up questions you might have as time permits. Sylvia, we're ready for the first question.
Jason Koval: The group pace in 2012 continues to improve, particularly as you're seeing the booking window lengthen. Today, it's still volume-driven. Rate is marginally positive. But as Frits mentioned in his comments, rate on newly-booked business in the second quarter was up 9%, and for periods beyond 2012, we saw rate increases closer to 13%. Another interesting thing that we saw during the second quarter was a pretty big shift in percentage of business being booked more than 12 months out. So we saw a very strong pickup in terms of the business being booked for 2013 and beyond.
Jason Koval: And David, I can spend some time with you after the call, walking through the numbers if you still have questions on them.
Jason Koval: Perfect. Sylvia, I think that's all the time we have today for questions.  I want to thank all of you for joining our call today, and please feel free to contact us if you have any additional questions. We appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Goodbye.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, Steve, I mean it's not -- it's fairly typical in terms of the thing we've told you before, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. So 1/3 tends to, for 2011, for example, 1/3 would be from a couple of years of -- and before, 1/3 would be the year before and 1/3 is in the year before the year. So in that sense, it wouldn't be atypical as to what we're seeing in 2011. And at this stage, 1/3 of the business in 2012 is probably from '09 and before, and 1/3 would be from what we're booking this year.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. In terms of balance sheet, as you know, the way the rating agencies look at ratios, it's probably a little over -- close to a turn higher than a simple net-debt-to-EBITDA calculation. It's just things they add in like something for the leases and something for securitized receivables and so on. Having said that, yes, our ratios are getting to levels -- once you comp the cash that would put us where we would like to be. There's also a question on how the cash is counted. Certainly, the rating agencies, this is the way they do it today. I don't really give you for credit for cash in the balance sheet. Net-net, we're on the right track. We expect -- and this is not something we control but we expect that ratings will move probably towards the end of this year or into next year. And our priority is we have maturities next year, roughly $600 million in public debt, as well as there's some debt on assets, which is a small amount, maybe another $50 million or so that can be prepaid. So there's about $615 million in prepayments -- in repayments that we can make next year. So our priorities remain as we've said before, healthy investments is our business, reducing our debt levels and then of course, returning cash to shareholders. And I don't know, Frits, if you want to add something to that.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. The margins you asked about on owned hotels, Joe. So the best way to describe it is you saw that we had some healthy margin improvement in our North American hotels and actually even in our European hotels. So where we have the margin pressures for the reasons we mentioned in our Latin American hotels, the best way I would describe it is the range we've given you is 150 to 200. I would say our North American hotels will have margin improvements that are north of 200, but our international hotels will be below 150. Mostly because in Europe, we'll do well, but in Latin America, the margin pressure continues, although it's getting a little better. So let's say international below 150 and North America, about 200, with the whole portfolio in the 150 to 200 range.
Vasant Prabhu: I think we can tell you -- we'll tell you more in Q3. I think we're feeling good about it, we've used a fair amount, there's some left. There's a fair amount of work on the way that we're comfortable that we will use most, if not all of it, before the end of the year and essentially be able to realize the value as asset sales are done in the future.
Vasant Prabhu: A couple of data points that were in my comments. So in North America, the Same-Store Owned Hotels set had EBITDA margins going up 250 basis points. In Europe, the Same-Store set had margins going up 350 basis points. We also -- we have a small base of Owned hotels in Asia, the margins went up there too. In fact, they're doing very well, especially given the Australian economy. In Latin America, certainly the margins are under some pressure, although the pressure on the margins has eased a little bit. I think yes, the margins may have been down between 100 and 200 basis points in Latin America in Q3. The comparability issues come from 2 factors, the biggest, of course, is asset sales. Second in line is we have 2 hotels in there that are new in the non-Same-Store set, one is the St. Regis Osaka, which suffers not just from being new, but also being affected by the earthquake. The second is the W Leicester Square, which is doing very well but just opened in February. And then of course, there's the renovation impact. But I would say the biggest impacts are the new hotels in there, as well as the asset sales, which does make sort of simple comparisons from what we have in our reported P&L somewhat harder to do. And this is why we try to give you a little bit of the breakdown in our comments today.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. We're approaching close to 60% of the value that is already under contract. And the value we provided you before is north of $1 billion in terms of the condos. Now, there'll also be a hotel there that we intend to keep. We have got deposits already for many of the sales done prior to this year in the 20% range. And then more recently, our deposits have been much higher than that, as I said earlier, more than 40%. We have been contacting people who signed contracts going back to '08, '09, '07, letting them know that we're getting ready for closings. Our indications are very good that the closing rates will be high. There's no way to know until you actually -- you get people to sign on the dotted line and give you the check. Our view is yes, there may be some falloff, but close rates are going to be high. The good news is the square footage rates we're selling at right now are at precrisis levels, which means that there isn't sort of recent sales going on -- no recent sales going on that are below prices people paid when they signed up a couple of years ago. And in terms of square footage, you can find out if you're in the market. It does vary depending upon the units. But it's well north of $1,000 and could be north of $1,300 and $1,400, depending upon the unit.
Vasant Prabhu: No, I think we see the pricing improving substantially for sure. Certainly, the underlying EBITDAs are improving. The per keys are getting better but as Frits said, obviously, a market for 1s and 2s as we've been doing, but not a market for a mega sale.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes. And I think the good news is because of the better rate, and as you look ahead with windows that have been shorter, we'll be booking a higher percentage now looking ahead than we would normally. And that means that the higher rates that I was talking about in some of my prepared remarks would be the direction we would expect things to head in '12 and certainly in '13.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, just a couple of general comments, Shaun. First is certainly based on our 2009 experience and I think we're not alone in corporate America in this respect, I think our approach will be more conservative than it might have been in the past. And given some of the uncertainties that we, that Vasant and I both described in our remarks. And that while those are not affecting our business today, one well, obviously, doesn't know for sure what tomorrow will bring. And so as a consequence of that, keeping our powder a bit drier than we might have in the past is something that we are inclined to do. And what Vasant has also said is actually true and that is, we continue to look at opportunities to invest in our business, and whether that's some of the renovations that we have underway or other opportunities that may come up, we want to be ready. And that's not to signal anything significant, but it's to mention the fact that, that's something that continues to be on our minds. That said, we're not ambivalent. And in terms of giving cash back to shareholders, and I think the $4 billion or $5 billion that we've given back in the past would let you know that as a management team and philosophically, we don't have any problems with doing that. And as you pointed out in your question, it's more a function of timing than anything else.
Frits van Paasschen: And Joe, to give you some color on the continued impact from Latin America, if you excluded Latin America from our worldwide margins in the second quarter, the 225 increase would've been closer to 300.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, Janet, this is Frits. Two things. First, from our perspective, Bal Harbour is a completely different animal from SVO. And our point of view on Bal Harbour, of course, is that it is a onetime episodic development of something that wouldn't be on strategy today. But given the improving macro environment and particularly given the increase in demand among the kinds of high net worth buyers from around the world that are looking at that property, we think we're going to exit that whole project far better than we could have imagined a couple of years ago. So the real issue is around Vacation Ownership. And we've been very clear for some time now about our strategy to be 80% fee-driven and 20% driven by owned real estate, which would include Vacation Ownership from our perspective. And we do think that as time passes, there will be sufficiently high IRR places for us to invest in the Vacation Ownership business. Although at the same time, we have no expectation that the size of that business will get to anywhere near where it was before the downturn. And in terms of the team there, they continue to do a spectacular job. The morale in the leadership there is very strong. We're keeping the people that we want. The fact that we, Starwood, have stayed committed to that organization is a great selling point for us and the industry. So we believe we can be both right-sized, generating high returns and still maintain a high quality of smaller team than where it was before.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, Alistair, I love your question because this is a topic that I haven't gotten tired of talking about. And more specifically, as you look at the U.S., the U.S. economy is clearly losing an opportunity to generate economic growth and jobs by turning Chinese away or we're making it too difficult for Chinese, and by the way, travelers from other markets to come to the U.S. As a point of fact, something like 5x as many Chinese today go to Europe has come to the United States. And if you think about the difference between 2 to 4 weeks to get a visa in your hometown versus 90 days or longer to get a visa having to travel to a different city if you're Chinese, you can imagine why someone would choose to go elsewhere. It also means that when people think about booking conventions or other meetings business, and they know that there will be Chinese people coming, that they don't consider the U.S. as quickly as they otherwise might. So have we been vocal about this? Absolutely. Do the gears of government turn far more slowly and in a much more frustrating ways than the gears of business? Absolutely. And I think that's why we're on the business side in our own lives. That said, the good part about our business is we don't just have hotels in the United States. And so while we would love to generate more jobs in the U.S. and more growth here from that, we are enjoying the growth in Chinese travelers around the world. And around the announcement of our China personalized travel program, we mentioned some of the triple-figure increases we're seeing in gateway cities around the world and places you'd expect, places like Paris, places like Buenos Aires, places like London. And so we know the demands there. We also believe that as you look at the distribution of income in China today and the threshold level for people to become high-end travelers, while that economy may grow at let's say 8%, the number of people, the percentage growth and the number of people who cross that threshold grows at a much higher rate. So this is already an important business for us, but we believe in the coming years, it will be an increasingly important business. And for those of you with longer memories, going back to the waves of Japanese tourists, this is a far greater wave. You have 10x as many people in China as in Japan. The whole country of Japan would have to have emptied out to equal what we think ultimately will happen once the Chinese become even more active traveling outbound. So short answer, we're very vocal. Second is, we see the growth in other markets, and we hope that it comes to the U.S. as well.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, I think Vasant's point on the price per square foot is important to keep in mind. When we look at comparisons with precrisis levels, what we look at are units that are truly comparable. And in a building like this where some buyers are buying multiple units, different floor sizes, different floor patterns, for us, there is some art as well as science to seeing what's comparable. So we don't think it's appropriate to throw out an overall number because it then becomes a weighted average of what you're selling. But as we've done the analysis like-for-like with precrisis sales, as Vasant says, we're at the same point. The biggest difference being previously, we were getting 20% deposits and today, we're getting north of 40%. And so that tells us 2 things. First of all, people really want to buy, and second of all, a 40% deposit on a $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, $5 million purchase is a serious transaction and something not done speculatively. So we feel very good about certainly, the sales of late. And given the strength in the market, I feel better and better about the sales from before.
