Jason Koval: Thanks, Vasant. We'd now like to open up the call to your questions. So in interest of time and fairness, please limit yourself to one question at a time, and then we'll take any follow-up questions if you might have as time permits. Sylvia, we're ready for the first question, please.
Jason Koval: Joe, I think it's also worth adding that as you look at group pace in 2012, that's also pacing positive relative to 2011, which, as Vasant mentioned, is up double digits.
Jason Koval: And your other question was on pricing in dollars, and Latin American is the only region where we price in dollars, Janet.
Jason Koval: Rob, I don't have the Investor Day pack in front of me, but we went into some detail about what percentage of properties, both in the U.S. and international markets, were paying incentive fees, and it hasn't changed much since then. So probably low double digits for North America and International is 60% or 70%.
Jason Koval: Thanks, Fritz. That wraps up our fourth quarter earnings call, but please feel free to contact us if you have any additional questions. And we appreciate your time and your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Goodbye.
Vasant Prabhu: On group pace, at this point, it's driven, as you would expect, because of the business that was booked in 2010 more by volume than rate. But as the new business is coming in, the mix is changing more to rate. So clearly, that's moving in the right direction, and we are getting the ability to move rates up in the Group business. As it relates to pricing with inflation, we definitely have some challenges in Latin America, because there's been a history there of setting rates in dollars. And that definitely is not making it easy to move rates up, given the local competitive situation and the fairly significant difference between inflation and devaluation. Less of an issue in other markets. And Frits, you're going to add something.
Vasant Prabhu: On the U.S. incentive fees, as we've said, I mean for us, uniquely perhaps, U.S. incentive fees are not a large number because of the newness of some of our management contracts. We are still at a relatively low number in terms of the hotels that are in incentive fee territory. That number will climb over time, but the overall size of the incentive fee base is not large as we have talked about before. As it relates to incentive fees outside the U.S., clearly the management contract structure is linked to first-dollar incentives and those track profits quite well, which is why we've seen such healthy growth in Asia. The only part of the world where incentive fees have not been growing is in the Middle East and Africa, because REVPAR there hasn't grown.
Vasant Prabhu: Every quarter there is always a little bit of noise here and there. I mean sometimes, you have some fees that are in a cash basis and the fee is paid. But by large, the incentive fee growth in the fourth quarter was powered by Asia, where you saw some significant REVPAR growth. It was good in the U.S. from a very low base. And what held it back to some degree was the Middle East. So I think we'll see some of that in the next year, but every quarter, there's a few things that will move the numbers up and down. You should look at the full year number to get more of a run-rate kind of look at it.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, we've got 2% to 3% increase. One of the things, we're holding the line on SG&A just about everywhere except in high-growth markets. So there will, in fact, be continued investments in SG&A to build our capabilities in all parts of Asia, with a particular focus on China and India, certainly, in the Middle East and Africa and places like Brazil. So that is part of it. The IT spend, not all of it, there is only a piece of it that will hit SG&A, because a lot of the IT spend is what we do on behalf of our old system. So that wouldn't be a large part of the SG&A cost.
Vasant Prabhu: The NOL, there's really not a whole lot new to say. We have continued to use it through 2010 better than we can on transactions, and we have plans in place to ensure that we utilize most, if not all of it, before it expires.
Vasant Prabhu: On the seasonality in North Africa, there's not a whole lot of seasonality. $3 million to $4 million a quarter is reasonably close to what you should expect. And in terms of percentage of hotels paying fees in North America, it's roughly a third. I'm sorry, I don't have a precise number with me right now.
Vasant Prabhu: I think the important thing is in International, that number doesn't change very much because of a very few thresholds. And therefore, it's always in the 70-plus percent range. It's North America that will move around, and we're at the early stages of that.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I think the rough number, all the data is in the Investor Day presentation. And I think even in the fax pack, we do break out our fees by region. So it shows, for example, on Page 8 of the data pack that goes with our press release, for the full year, our fees in the Middle East and Africa, in total, and that includes Africa as well as the Middle East, was 12% of our total fees.
Vasant Prabhu: I think you'll start to see it narrow, clearly. There's a cycle about this, too, as you know. It should start the narrow as the Group business, as a percentage of our mix, continues to grow. So you should start to see it narrow, but it won't go away in 2011. I think you're looking at a couple of years before the two converge. It wouldn't be very different than what we saw in the '04 to '07 timeframe.
Frits van Paasschen: I think in many respects, the growing inflation in some other emerging markets, while nowhere near the issue it is in Latin America, speaks to the strength and the growth in those economies. So we continue to look for ways to pull up rates. I think that the REVPAR performance in Asia Pacific certainly points to our ability to do that. And likewise, as the markets in Africa and the Middle East rebound, which we expect that they will this year, particularly with rising commodity prices, that we should be able to push rate there as well. So I think by and large, rates should do well in emerging markets, and the specific phenomenon in Latin America, I think, was pretty well-outlined by Vasant already.
Frits van Paasschen: I think to bear in mind with the incentive fees is, as we talked a number of quarters ago, we've been through a process of working through lean operations, property by property. And that included both our owned hotels but also, importantly, the hotels that we manage on behalf of our owners. And so, as REVPAR is grown, and we've been able to hold costs down, that certainly, I think, put us in a good position for incentive fees to continue to build. Are we expecting that we'll continue at a 40% cliff? We'd love to say that. On the other hand, there are points where you get to thresholds, and incentive fee growth can bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. So as Vasant said, look at the full year and that should probably give you a better sense of the overall trend.
Frits van Paasschen: I might just add a couple of things to that as well. First, on the headcount side with respect overhead, we are continuing a philosophy and approach of flat headcount with the exception of areas where we see a great opportunity for growth. So, for example today with 70 hotels roughly open in China and another 80 on the way, we absolutely want to make sure that we are fully staffed and on stream to bring those next 80 hotels on and opening as we say hot, meaning successful and on budget. So we'll continue to focus of flat headcount, with the exception, as Vasant referred to, of investing in those areas where we see considerable growth. And then on the IT spend side, from our perspective, investing in our information and our technology capabilities is central to our strategy of being in a fee-driven business and being able to create value for our owners and being able to plug our owners into a system with increasing capabilities, we believe, points to an area where we can continue to build a lead and take advantage of the scale of our system.
Frits van Paasschen: And just, Robin, a further qualification on North Africa. The first thing to keep in mind is the number that we cited is the full amount of fees and income we get out of those properties, not the exposure that we might have, if things were to continue to be difficult there. The other thing to bear in mind is that something like 10 out of the 17 hotels are actually in Egypt. So it's unclear yet whether there's any effect on our hotels in places like Libya, Algeria or Morocco. But clearly, we'll have more to say about this as the events unfold, and right now, obviously, it's an extremely difficult situation to predict.
Frits van Paasschen: Well, I think, Steve, as you look at our headcount and staffing across our corporate and overhead functions over the last couple of years, it's pretty clear that we've been able to keep the discipline where we are. In terms of branding, there's a considerable amount of scale that goes to having a lodging brand. In other words, even as we add more hotels, while we need to add some local resources to support those brands specifically in markets, a lot of those costs are either fixed or they're part of the break-even fund pools that we have to invest in, in building brands on behalf of owners. And so, I don't think that the branding focus that we have is as much at odds with our P&L as it might seem. And what I wanted to emphasize, in my words, that we have been able to combine the focus on creativity and innovation with the discipline on the same side. And what you see in some creative and brand-driven organizations is a lack of balance in that way. And I think that right now, given where we are in terms of our corporate culture and the alignment of our senior teams around the world, we're in a very good place, I think, to take advantage of that scale. When it comes to CapEx, as you know, we currently, today, only own about 5% of our total base. And so the work that we've done has been largely focused on making sure that our owners are in a position that they're investing behind our brands in meaningful ways. And one of the things that we've talked about for some time is the fact that over 60% of our hotels today continue to be hotels that were either opened or significantly renovated in the last three years. So we have a very strong base of hotels. We have the highest percentage of hotels for the brand Sheraton that are on-brand and consistent with our standards than we've ever had. And I think that's born out by some of the other results and some of the other all-time highs that I was talking about during my discussion of branding
Frits van Paasschen: No, it's not a huge number. I used that more as an example, Harry, than something that, I think, by itself will be a driver. So if you look at our total online travel agent revenue, our bookings that come from those channels, it's in the 5% range. And so even if that were to go down by what would be a significant percentage of that 5%, the impact on REVPAR just from that wouldn't be huge. But the point is, as you look at things like whether you have airline crews in W hotels, what kind of business we take in general from different channels, that overall mix, I think, does add up to being a meaningful amount. In fact, as you look at 2010, there weren't huge rate increases. Most of the increase on the rate side of REVPAR growth in 2010, and Jay could split this out maybe for you later, would have been driven by more by mix than it would have been by absolute rate increase. So again, that comment was more driven to point to an example of how mix can change rate rather than itself being the key driver of that.
Frits van Paasschen: Chris, what concerns? Just to be more clear before answering your question. I'm not sure if you can get back in, Chris. I'm going to assume your concerns here for a sec. First of all, I think it's interesting and important to remember that our incentive fees in countries like China don't have a preferred return basis, as Vasant was referring to earlier. So we would get to incentive fees early in the process. As you look at second-tier markets, it's also hard to make generalizations. There are some markets where, because we're the first five-star brand with a global connection in that market, those hotels do quite well and achieve great rates. There are other markets that are continuing to build where that will come in over time. But we continue to be very impressed with the resiliency of the Chinese market. Vasant mentioned to you the ability for demand to absorb occupancy post-Shanghai World Expo. The same thing was true after the Olympics in 2008. And so, the pace of development in China continues to be very strong. We continue to see opportunities to sign new projects. And as you could see, the REVPAR numbers for 2010 is certainly borne that out.
Frits van Paasschen: I don't know if I would give comments on the industry, in general. What I can tell you is, as we've mentioned in the call or in the script earlier, timeshare is starting to build. We believe that a timeshare purchase is largely a big-ticket discretionary item and, therefore, very much a function of an individual's confidence about their own situation. As the world improves, that certainly gets better. Delinquencies are going down, which is a trend we've seen in common with the improving balance sheets, at least of people with higher net worth across the U.S. So this is a business that is in a rebound. I wouldn't say it's a rapid rebound, but it's certainly one that's held its pace, which is good for us, because that continues to give us opportunities to monetize and reduce our exposure to vacation ownership and then take advantage of the fact that we have a strong team and strong brands that will enable us to be successful in doing that.
