Tony Capuano: Thanks, Jackie. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wanted to take a moment and reflect on this day, which marks the 1-year anniversary of Arne's passing. I know everyone on this call, especially our Marriott associates, miss our dear friend, an inspirational leader, a great deal. We can take comfort knowing his amazing legacy lives on in the incredible work of the thousands of people around the world who wear a Marriott name badge. Let me turn the call back over to Jackie to get us underway in discussing this quarter's results.
Tony Capuano: Thanks, Shaun. Well, as we've said the last couple of quarters, the ripple effects of the pandemic create less visibility beyond '22 than we might like. With that said, I think you heard the momentum on signings in my prepared remarks. We continue to see good volume on the conversion front. In the short term, obviously, we've got a bit of challenges in terms of construction starts, particularly in the U.S. But in some ways, that causes us to think about it as a when, not an if. And in fact, one of the statistics we look at most closely is fallout from the pipeline. If we were seeing wholesale project cancellations, that might cause us to think differently about the medium to long term. But in fact, what we saw in 2021 was about 6.5% lower than our average fallout over the last decade.
Tony Capuano: Yes. Thanks, Robin. And maybe I'll refresh some of the data that we shared with you last quarter. I'm going to give you some comparisons between at the end of '19, what we saw is definite bookings on the books for '20 and '21 and how that compares at the end of '21, what we see on the books for '22 and '23. So at the end of December of '21 as we looked at definite bookings for '22, we were down just a shade under 22% compared to end of '19 for '20. When we look at what's on the books for '23 at the end of 2021, we're down just a shade under 15% versus what we had on the books at the end of '19 for 2021. And so to your specific question, we are seeing steady and encouraging forward bookings in the group segment. And the other thing I would point out, Robin, you heard in my prepared remarks the comment about that big piece of Salesforce business that was booked just 1 month before. We expect to continue to see improvement from the levels I just described to you because we're seeing more short-term bookings, and that's been the trend over the last number of weeks and months.
Tony Capuano: And Robin, let me just give you a little more granular information to try to address your question. This is a global number. But if you look at the global booking window, it really got the shortest in the second quarter of 2020, where it was down to 5 years.
Tony Capuano: Excuse me, 5 days. If you look at fourth quarter of 2021, it had risen to about 17 days. So to Leeny's point, certainly not back to where we were pre-pandemic, but trending in the right direction.
Tony Capuano: Of course. Obviously, we're early in the year, but maybe a good indication that addresses your question as we gear up for President's Day weekend here at the end of the week, this is a U.S. data, but the RevPAR numbers are pacing up about 12% ahead of where we were in '19 for Friday through Sunday. And to your specific question about pricing power, ADR is pacing up about 20% versus '19.
Tony Capuano: Of course. What I will tell you is pretty consistent for the last decade or more is our transactors, they are a big fourth quarter team. We tend to see a big pop in signings volume in the fourth quarter. But because our conversion volume was meaningfully higher in '21 versus history, when you have a deal like Sunwing, which I think was in the second quarter, that can impact the quarter-to-quarter numbers. But fourth quarter tends to be the biggest volume of signups.
Tony Capuano: Of course. Thanks, Patrick. Well, we continue to be really optimistic that there's still a significant tailwind for leisure demand. And I think part of that is because of the evolution of the way folks work. The incremental flexibility that you're seeing in working from home, working from anywhere has been an accelerant for leisure demand. And if anything, we expect further acceleration in that regard. And then when we look at our forward bookings, we already have more leisure on the books for months further out than we did in the same months last year. So we continue to be quite bullish on accelerated growth in leisure. And remember, leisure was already growing much more rapidly than business transient even pre-pandemic. And maybe the last part of my answer would be you heard Leeny talk a little bit about how modest cross-border travel has been. We've really only seen domestic leisure travel. And as more and more borders open, we think that influx of international leisure travel will also serve to accelerate the pace of leisure demand growth.
Tony Capuano: That's a good question, but thankfully, the answer is no. We continue to see really strong momentum, both on the signings and the openings front. And I think in many ways, our owners and partners in China are the mirror image of our owners and partners in other areas of the world. They don't try to time the market for the next quarter or 2. They tend to be long-term investors. Many of the projects that are getting done are parts of larger mixed-use projects. And the hotel components, in some ways, define those projects, so they are critically important. So we've not seen any sort of meaningful slum down, quite the contrary. We continue to see really strong demand for our brands from a development perspective across China.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So I will remind you that one of the most significant contributors to our conversion volume in '21 was the conversion of about 7,000 all-inclusive rooms in the Caribbean with Sunwing. And I raised that not to apologize. Those sorts of large portfolio conversion opportunities are a meaningful part of our strategy and something that we'll continue to look for. But in terms of baseline conversions, we are seeing elevated interest from the owner and franchise community for our brands. And so we expect to see really strong volume continuing into 2022 and beyond. And as we talk with our owners and franchisees, not only do they like the flexibility of some of our soft brands, they like the fact that we've got conversion-friendly platforms across multiple chain scales. And they are focused not just on the ability of the company's revenue engines to drive top line revenue, but also some of the margin efficiencies that result from affiliation with our brands.
Tony Capuano: And that 27%, Smedes, was about 10 percentage points higher than what we saw in the signings in '20 and in '19.
Tony Capuano: Okay. I said -- Mike, I apologize. You were breaking up a little bit. I think I heard your question. I think maybe our penetration rates, especially in the U.S. or maybe the best indication. We were back to 57% penetration in the fourth quarter, which is almost back to where we were pre-pandemic. So we're quite encouraged about the penetration rates, the passion and the enthusiasm we see within the Bonvoy base and as you heard in my prepared remarks, the pace at which the program continues to grow. And I think one of the really exciting things for us was as our credit card platforms continue to grow, they really gave us a unique opportunity to stay engaged with those most valuable Bonvoy customers even when they had hit the pause button on the volume of travel they experienced prior to the start of the pandemic.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So on housekeeping, we continue to evolve our approach. Today, in our select tier hotels, it is an opt-in approach. Daily housekeeping is available at the discretion of the guest. And at luxury, we are doing daily housekeeping. We're testing those options today. We're using those learnings to try and strike the right balance between guest expectations and economic realities for the owners. And as we work through those tests, we intend to launch a definitive approach sometime here early in 2022.
Tony Capuano: Yes, we're here. So we're getting there. It's -- we are largely back to where we were in the markets that have seen the most rapid recovery. So if you are lucky enough to visit our hotels, particularly in resort destinations, you'll experience food and beverage services and offerings very similar to what you saw pre-pandemic. An example of that, we just had our Board meeting down in South Florida. Most of us had to order in-room dining because the restaurants couldn't offer us reservations prior to 10:45 p.m., and they were full. In those markets where we've seen demand recover more slowly, we are moderating the pace at which we bring back our food and beverage offerings and trying to have that pace match the pace of demand recovery.
Tony Capuano: Yes, I'll take a try at that one, and Leeny may chime in. I think about it a little bit -- I think about the pipeline a little like a conveyor belt. We've got some projects, one of the reasons that our openings were so strong in the fourth quarter is we saw some projects that in our earlier forecast, we assumed would open Q1 '22. And they actually got done a little more quickly and opened in December. We do see some delays that come out the back end. But I think maybe the most relevant statistics are the pace at which shovels are going in the ground and the lengthening we've seen in the construction cycle. You heard Leeny in her remarks talk about roughly 24 months start to finish as an average for our select service hotels here in the U.S. There's not a lot we can do to accelerate that. If anything, we've got some challenges with supply chain and the like. But that 24 months seems to be older. It's one of the reasons we continue to be so focused on conversions in the year for the year.
Tony Capuano: Well, I think if you look particularly at the performance we've seen in our luxury tier resorts and our full-service resorts, one of the things we hear from our customers pretty clearly is their desire for a full complement of services and amenities. And as we've said in response to versions of this question in the past, that's probably the most significant differentiator between our product offering and some of the short-term rental offerings that are out there.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Thanks. I don't think they've shifted meaningfully. I mean, I think we are encouraged, as you've heard this morning, about the pace of demand recovery. But the priorities really continue to revolve around our key constituents, leading with our associates, certainly our guests and as we've discussed at length this morning, the economic health of our owners Okay. Well, thank you all for your questions this morning, for your continued interest in Marriott. And with increasing frequency, we look forward to seeing you on the road. Thanks, and have a great day.
Leeny Oberg: So thanks very much. And it is interesting. When you look at December, for example, the U.S. and Canada in the month of December was really -- was down only 6 percentage points compared to 2019. So it is absolutely the case that you could see depending on the mix of business and exactly how countries open up and kind of the classic occupancy from a seasonal pattern standpoint. I could imagine that it's possible that you have that happen, Shaun. I think though, so much of this really depends on the global picture in terms of the pace of the recovery. So you need lots of things happening on all the points of business, not just leisure but also special corporate as well as group to see us get to that delightful place. But at the same time, I think we feel great about the momentum. The other comment I'll make is when you see countries open up their restrictions, the kind of jolt that our reservation centers feel is impressive. And I do think that momentum gives us confidence that we could see this resilience continue to build.
Leeny Oberg: Just to add one point, Robin, when you look at Q1, understandably, with Omicron, clearly, you're looking at a weaker group picture than you are as you get into Q3, which is meaningfully better. So your point is well taken that it should move as we go through the year. And I think the other part that is just fantastic is that rate both in '22 and '23 already from what's on the books is up 3% to 4%.
Leeny Oberg: So the booking window has extended, but it is not the way it was back in 2019. So it's improved, but it is still the case that we're not back to where we are. And I think, clearly, in Q1, Robin, January is a great example where you saw special corporate particularly weaker with what was going on with Omicron. So I think part of this, you're going to see it get -- see more visibility as we get further and further into the year. But it is a bit better than it was in 2020.
Leeny Oberg: And for openings, Joe, I think we definitely saw in Q4 of this year that you clearly saw a bunch of owners wanted to get ahead of this recovery that's moving forward. So we had a great fourth quarter. But we have traditionally been fairly steady unless there is a certain group of hotels that have all kind of come on at the same time. So I would say we've always tended to have some quarter-to-quarter variations, but that should march forward fairly squarely throughout the quarters on the opening side. I guess the only other thing to point out is just a reminder that construction for a limited-service hotel takes, broadly speaking, 2 years, and full service takes longer. So as you start to think about 2020 and recognize that as you get into Q3 of 2020, you were in the depths of the pandemic and starting to really see the impact on construction starts. That will start to obviously then have an impact as you go into '22.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. So first of all, thanks very much. Just as a reminder that our credit card fees make up roughly 2/3 of our non-RevPAR-related fees. And so obviously, that's a big driver. They ended up, up 4% over 2019 levels for the full year in '21. And that was with really quite a weak Q1 as we were still in the heaviest part of the pandemic. So as we continue to see great card acquisitions and credit card average spend, I think we feel very good about those. I think residential branding fees, that business has been doing extremely well. And we expect to continue to see strong openings of those, which is when we get the fees. And then we continue to have application and relicensing fees as obviously, our business continues to grow on the franchise side. So we feel quite confident in the growth of that fee stream based on a continued strong economy.
Leeny Oberg: No, that's a good reminder, actually, Thomas, to remember that while we do get annual management fees, that is the smaller part of the fee stream that we get from residential. And those are overwhelmingly one-time fees that we get when the unit is ready for occupancy. So in that regard, even in '22, I would expect our fees to be a little bit lower than they were in '21 because in '21, it was -- we just had so many sales in residential. So I expect them to be a bit lower, although still meaningfully higher than our traditional levels of residential branding fees. And yes, you're right, they're lumpy because you can have 1 unit of 100 units goes into sales and closes literally within a quarter or 2, and then another one might not happen for 2 more quarters. So it is likely to be lumpy. And again, overall, we're really pleased with new signings that we're getting in the residential branded business. So I think you'll continue to see that business grow very nicely.
Leeny Oberg: Just one quick follow-up for you on that. When you look at how many rooms we've currently got in Greater China, it's around 140,000. And our pipeline is only about 20% to 25% less than that for the pipeline for Greater China. So it's really -- you're looking at doubling that business potentially in not too long.
Leeny Oberg: And Smedes, just as a reminder, 27% of our signings in 2021 were for conversions. One of the things that's been really gratifying to see is a number of owners who want to do a conversion, but with meaningful investment in the property.
Leeny Oberg: They may take 12 months to actually get open, but they're turning it into a beautiful representation of one of our brands and putting meaningful investment in it. So whether it opens specifically in '22 or '23, it's all going to be great for our guests and frankly, for our associates and for the owners.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So I think, first of all, I think the partnership during the pandemic between us and our owners and franchisees have never been better in terms of trying to manage these dramatically lower occupancy levels. And as I said in my comments, I think there is quite a bit of the savings that we put into place that is permanent, that will mean kind of significantly lower costs and significantly better productivity as we move forward. Now as you know, we've got the reality that for more complex hotels, they're -- it's a much higher percentage of costs that are labor-related. And we're obviously seeing a lot of pressure on that side, just like every other industry in the U.S. So there, we are -- we will continue to find ways to try to improve the margins. Rising occupancy, obviously, always ultimately helps you when you're spreading costs at a hotel. But it also means you've also got to make sure to have enough people there to deliver the service that our guests expect, and we are committed to making sure that we deliver those experiences that bring them back to our hotels over and over. And then the last thing I'll mention is just the great part about our business is we do reprice our rooms every day. And so when you think about what's been going on with our ADR, that has been a fabulous mitigation of what's been going on the labor cost side. So we will certainly continue to find new ways, but we are determined to make sure to deliver what our customers want.
Leeny Oberg: And just to add fuel to Tony's fire, I'll mention 2 things. Number one, we have started doing credit card programs in other countries and found them to be really well received by the customers and seeing nice card acquisitions on that front. And then also just when you think about the growth in our digital share, and that is very much tied to the Bonvoy platform. And when you look at our digital share compared to '19, the share of reservations has gone up almost 500 basis points on our digital channel. And overall, we've grown up 300 basis points in our direct channels up to 76%. So I think that all ties very well into the power of Bonvoy.
Leeny Oberg: Right. So a couple of things. You are right to point out that nominal level of RevPAR is not the same as real. And so when we think about it, for example, now, the real recovery of RevPAR is about 3 points worse relative to the nominal just because of -- in '21, to your point about inflation. At the same time, one of the things I think is what's been so impressive about the operating teams is we used to think about breakeven levels for a full-service hotel of 40% to 50% occupancy. And what you're finding is that with the great work that they've done on managing the hotel and dramatically lower occupancies that they've been able to return these hotels to either neutral profitability at dramatically lower levels of breakeven occupancy. And so I think that will really help offset on the inflation side. The other comment I'll make is on the incentive fee side is just a reminder that it depends a whole lot on where. So just when you think broadly speaking, we were at almost 72% of our hotels were earning IMF in 2019, and we're now still a tad under 50%. And where you see the biggest difference is really domestically in the U.S. And that is that with owners' priorities, that is going to mean you really need to get back to those hurdles of levels of actual real profits before we're going to get our incentive fees. Now internationally, no surprise, where you've got quite a bit more of hotels without the owner's priority. There, you're already seeing dramatically higher percentages of hotels earning IMF. So I think we've got some great potential in the international hotels where there have been such restrictions on entering the country, and they're more dependent on international travelers. I think of Asia Pacific outside of China as an example there. And in the U.S., I think as you heard me say in our comments, the IMF that we're getting from the resorts have just been fantastic and in many cases, are already above 2019 levels. So when you think about the large cities in the U.S. and their greater relative dependence on international travel, I think it delivers a lot of confidence that we will get back. I just think predicting whether that is '23 or not is probably a bridge too far, but certainly moving in the right direction.
Leeny Oberg: So a couple things. One is a reminder that 85% of our reimbursed costs are based on the top line revenues of the hotels. So an overwhelming part, like, for example, our sales and marketing fees are contractually set at a percentage of revenues of the hotels. So they are, by nature, going to move up and down. The other thing is to recognize that we worked very hard on certain parts of the fees where we were able to impact kind of the fixed and floating component. And so that we do believe that there is more efficiency as we grow larger in terms of what we can do for the hotels. And as an example, when you're a digital share, your direct share of reservations is growing as well as it is. It's just a reminder that those are some of the lowest cost reservations for a hotel as possible. But we did lower our fixed cost by roughly 30% for the system. But as I said before, overwhelmingly, the charges are based on a function of hotel revenues.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So I think a couple things. And that's just a reminder that in 2019, you also had -- special corporate is classically done through what we call GDS. And that is what is obviously taking the biggest dip. So now when you look at kind of their percentage share, they're down 600 basis points as compared to '19. Now the OTAs are up with all this leisure business by 200 basis points, and they're at 14% in 2021. But at the same time, a direct share of total room nights is up to 76.3%, and that's actually up 340 basis points. So actually, our direct channels have grown meaningfully more than the OTAs. The OTAs have clearly obviously benefited from the leisure business. And GDS classically and more related to business travel has been the one that has lost the most share. And the only other thing that I'll mention because I just find it interesting that also within the direct share growth is the movement off of voice to digital. And I think that all makes sense when you think about our Bonvoy technology and our app and how many downloads we get that our guests are feeling more and more comfortable using the digital channel, which, again, is an incredibly efficient channel from a cost perspective and from a value delivery to the customer.
Leeny Oberg: And as Tony said, we do -- for what it's worth, when we build our budget, we do go project by project, country by country. So it is a quite detailed estimate. But as Tony pointed out, there are some that finished a little bit earlier, and some that end up being a little bit later. And we do our best every year at estimating. But the other part that I'll point out when we talked about where we were at the beginning of '21 is that we actually expect the deletions to be higher. And I think you all will remember that my comments then reflected probably about 50 basis points of an expected COVID-related hedge that it was hard to predict at that point where exactly all these hotels would go as we move through the pandemic. And I think happily with a lot of work on everybody's part, including the owners in revenue management and on the cost side, that -- and the banks have been very good partners to work with as well. We have seen deletions come in better than we expected. And that has also ended up helping the net rooms growth number even compared to where we were 4 months ago.
Leeny Oberg: The other thing I'll mention is clearly in the beginning of the pandemic when you were kind of imagining searches for people wanting to get away, there was larger proportion of searches that were for places that are out of the way, truly places where people felt comfortable going where they could be away from others. And we have seen that gap narrow in terms of the searches for kind of classic room-sharing type places as well as hotels. We've seen that gap narrow, which I think makes sense given the progress as we move through the pandemic.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. I think on the asset sales, we will obviously continue to be opportunistic, Stephen. And it really depends on where the hotel is both in terms of its stage of CapEx. As you know, in a number of hotels that we own, we really want to get them to be great representations of our brands. And in cases where the markets have really not recovered, we are not going to feel compelled to rush that sale. So in that regard, it will really vary. We've also got JV interest as you know. For example, our St. Regis Punta Mita JV was sold during 2021. That market was doing great. The hotel was in great shape, and we were able to get a really good sales price on that asset. So I think it really does depend a lot on the situation. Remember that owned lease also has termination fees, and that also I would expect not to be growing, but also to continue to provide somewhere in the ballpark of $40 million in fees a year. And then on the owned leased profit, I think you will continue to see progress. But do remember that we have a chunk of leased hotels. And there, you obviously need to get to where you're covering your fixed rent payment to the extent it is fixed rent, which will mean it behaves a little bit more like a U.S. owner's priority where you need to get to a floor before you're actually getting any profit. So I think we look forward to seeing the numbers get better and better. But in terms of getting back to the full levels of 2019, I think it will take a little bit of time.
