Stephen Pettibone: Thank you Sylvia, and thanks to all of you for dialing into Starwood’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Joining me today is Frits van Paasschen, our CEO and President. Before we begin I’d like to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements and forward-looking statements made today are effective only as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in Starwood’s annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. You can find a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed in today’s call on our website at www.starwoodhotels.com. With that I’m pleased to turn the call over to Frits for his comments.
Stephen Pettibone: Thank you Frits, we would now like to open the call to your questions. In the interest of time and fairness please limit yourself to one question at a time and then we will take any follow-up questions you might have as time permits, Sophia can we have the first question please.
Stephen Pettibone: Yes, so if we look at our pace we are in mid-single digits. In the quarter we saw very, very good in the year for the year bookings, little bit less for 2015, but we still see sort of low mid-single digits for 2015 as well. Yeah I think what happened was we saw higher volumes of cancellations and some loss associated with some of the associations business earlier on the year and so that accounts for sort of what I call the steady as she goes pace we have been seeing as we look ahead.
Stephen Pettibone: Yeah, we’ve always viewed this stock based compensation as an economic cost of business that we would reflect in EBITDA adjusted EBITDA. Next question please.
Stephen Pettibone: Yeah, I mean honestly for us in the past several years our pace has been sort of consistently in that mid-single digits range, hasn’t fluctuated all that much up or down, so I think that’s the best I can give you right now.
Stephen Pettibone: Yeah, and in U.S. REVPAR growth was for the system wide was 6.3. If I look at owned it was let’s say in U.S. dollars you see North America I think was 1.5 it’s about 2.7 I believe it was for the owned set in the U.S. So next question please.
Stephen Pettibone: Yeah, I think I will just one thing that the target range that we are talking about 2.5 but no more than three I think allows us to maintain the ratings that we have now and but were we flex much about that, I think we would risk being taken down a little bit so. I think with that we will go to the next question.
Stephen Pettibone: Yeah Robin I was more referring to the fact that bookings that we saw in the quarter we are skewing much more to the in the year for the year. So it’s more of a skew than it was a comment on overall volumes. So with that next question please.
Stephen Pettibone: Thanks Frits. I want to thank you all for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. If you have any other questions, feel free to reach out to us. Take care.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah, Ryan so I will take that. First of all, I think it’s pretty clear to most of you who look at our portfolio of hotels that just geographically and not – if not in terms of their location and their brands, they are not a consistent set of hotels that would optimally appeal to any one single buyer. And while we have explored the possibility in an geographic area like the Americas to sell a portfolio what we are finding and we believe is that it will get better prices with owners that we want to work renovations and so forth by pursuing individual sales and so while we might be able to get to markets more quickly if we did a single portfolio sale, we would rather do this right and take a little bit more time and sell hotels individually in the way that we think is best fit for our long term fee business and for our brands.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah Tom actually I think both the reasons that you cited are fairly complete in terms of making the distinction. So certainly earlier in this recovery we saw a much more significant bounce back and higher growth rate as you moved up markets to luxury and upper upscale and so forth and so clearly at some point in the cycle, some of the growth in REVPAR and occupancies is going to percolate down to other segments of the market and then I think as you also right pointed out, decent part of our business geographically is skewed to the North East or at least the North and Hawaii where growth was a bit slower and in particular in New York where more suppliers come on stream. So, I think those are the two explanations and as I said in the text, on balance as we look at our individual hotels in aggregate there are gaining in REVPAR index which would suggest that those hotels on a year-on-year basis are gaining share.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah Shaun I will try to clarify that for you as much as I can, I think you got it mostly right but again just to state it. So what we have said is that on a programmatic basis which means independent of where we are trading, we would anticipate buying back shares to offset dilution for management compensation for this year that amounts to $85 million in rough numbers. In another year that number may move around. So I would fix as much on the $85 million as on the dilution offset, but I think the 85 gives you a good baseline for approximately how much that will be. Clearly as we work towards getting to our asset light goal and selling the $2.5 billion or so in assets that we still have in order to be able to do that, we’ll generate more cash in that and then what we will do at that point is on a continuous basis assess the volume of share repurchases and then as we get to the end of the year, depending on asset sales and how much excess cash we may elect at that point to do a special dividend but we will be focusing on those two to continue to move ourselves into the range of our target leverage.
Frits van Paasschen: I wished I had a crystal ball that could help me predict whether we are going to outgrow the industry overall out in the future years. I don’t imagine that New York and Hawaii for example are necessarily going to underperform the rest of the Americas geography first of all. Second of all, I think that we can continue to build rate among our hotels and if that means that we can accelerate a big stronger than we wouldn’t underperform the industry either. And then finally and I think most significantly because so many people who watch and write about our stock are based in New York, they tend to have a view of the world from the U.S. but as you look at the performance of our business around the rest of the world, our REVPAR continues to do quite well and routinely out performs our competitors. So, if you add all those things up, I think it’s hard to stay on balance one way or the other, whether we are going to outperform the industry on a look forward basis for the rest of the cycle.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah, great question. So clearly where we are the smaller player in our industry is in what the North America called Select Serve or the other three or four star segment around the world, depending on where you are. And we think particularly a lot has – many of the characteristics against that segment that we saw in W a decade or decade and half ago, which brings – which in another words means we bring a fresh way of experiencing our hotel design language, color schemes the way that our associates deal with our guest, a focus on easy use of technology and a casual way of assembling in the living room or the lobby of the hotel. So all that I think is by way of saying that we think we have a brand and a [loft] that could make real inroads into a segment where we are small players. So and we have many hundreds fewer Select Serve hotels than some of our competitors and therefore we think it’s plenty of opportunity to grow. I would add to that there are couple of other things and I am going to relate to the other brands that we have in our segment. Four Points by Sheraton continues to be in many corridors our second biggest brands in terms of signings and new hotels and particularly given the strength of Sheraton in so many markets outside of North America drafts off the strength of Sheraton as well as the strength that we have by having a position and an establish base of operations in so many markets. And then finally Element which today is a very small brand of ours, but one which we are seeing in terms of guest satisfaction ramp up and Performance is one that we think has tremendous growth potential as well. So as we get into a cycle where there is more new construction, more construction lending, we feel like this is an opportunity for us to accelerate growth in the segment. So we do see that as a trend that could continue.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes and so in terms of the way we look at our portfolio of brands today, clearly with and I will go back to something that we talked about a few times in years past with the acquisition of Le Méridien we clearly can add brands to our portfolio and our platform and have very good results by doing that. The idea of launching and building brands de novo which I know is happening with some frequency across the industry is something that we see as a pretty challenging thing to do. And getting a brand from zero to critical mass requires a considerable amount of investment and our own belief is that given the fact that we have at least eight brands and by that I mean I am excluding Sheraton, we have at least eight brands that have significant growth just in reaching global scale, we should be investing in growing those brands and if you were an owner of a hotel carrying one of our brands you would probably want us to be focused on growing the brands that you have already invested in not in turning our attention somewhere else.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah Harry thank you and it was certainly my intent to have a description of our capital allocation process, an approach which was hopefully not going to be characterizes as convoluted so I will attempt to do better next time, but just by way of clarification, yeah I think that the notion that there was $2 billion to $3 billion in available leverage on our balance sheet today without any other changes is rooted in the distinction between a book definition of leverage in ones that the rating agencies uses and the pretty significant adjustments the $2-3 billion number is over stated. Just to get to low end of the range that we described would get to you about $750 million but the range went up in terms of the target from there a bit. So, I wouldn’t say that 750 is the maximum but I would certainly suggest to you that the $2 billion to $3 billion is probably not based on a thorough look at the balance sheet or at least an interpretation of our available leverage such as we see it. So I hope that’s a little less convoluted I am going to hand it Stephen now for a discussion of your group question.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah, the only thing I would add to that I think just from the productivity of our sales team is we have been investing in some sales tools to enable our associates from more locations and with greater flexibility not only access what inventory is available, at which prices but also start to be able to target more effectively customers based on what we know about their past history or their inquiries and other things and so, we have worked to be able to enable our associates to be more productive and some of that I think is borne out in India for the work that we have been able to achieve.
Frits van Paasschen: No, I think it was earlier on the year. They have subsided as we went forward and I can’t point to a specific hotel or a group but I think the trends at this point going forward seem a little bit more steady.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah Patrick I guess, in my point of view at least in how the marketplace see us, I think moves like that are pretty transparent. I mean we all know that EBITDA is not a GAAP number and therefore people who look at stocks and company valuations carefully take account of what’s in and what’s out and you know it struck us not a substantive change to make in terms of the strategic direction of the company or for that matter transparency to our investor base. So there is other things I think we want to spend our energy on in terms of making sure that our shareholders and investors are seeing how our business is performing Stephen I don’t know if you want to add something to that.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah so Nikhil, so I am going to pass you over to Stephen. I am not sure exactly what we usually give out on that but…
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah, as you know, the group business overall is a more significant percentage of our North American business and around the world typically what’s often called the mice business, meetings incentive, the conventions and exhibition is a bit lower and so it’s a leading indicator but it doesn’t give us as much insight into the future performance to the business as it even would in North America. So often times our best benchmark of the future health of demand and bookings for our hotels your direct conversations with our core customers recognizing that since we are 70% or 75% B2B depending on the month and our key customers are a big percentage of that and the feedback that we get consistently from professional services firms, tech companies, other global companies is that they are continuing to send their people out in search of growth in new markets and planning on travelling more as they look ahead. So that’s probably the best leading indicator to our business although obviously not one that’s got direct number attached to it.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, so I will shift to Stephen in a minute to get back to you on your REVPAR question but I talked a bit about our CFO search in the past and you know from my view I believe that this is a company and in my own leadership style a management team where having a strong CFO who has a seat at the table not just as the head of the financial function but as a great mind leading the strategy of the company and asking and answering in many cases the difficult questions you know the special things I think about our business are an understanding of a global business in the way that we interact with our partners, most of whom are local in the markets where we operate and understanding of brands and where to invest in those brands over time because clearly there are financial versus brand tradeoffs you can make in the short term but I believe in the long term investing in brands is the best financial return. Clearly even though we are moving towards an asset light strategy and appreciation for real estate and asset sales is important although of course our real estate function is led by Simon Turner who leads development for us. Clearly someone can continue to move our agenda forward in capital allocation would be a strong benefit and I think in addition to all of those things, someone who is executive style and personality fits with the team and the culture that we built as I alluded to in the call, we have a number of very exciting candidates who are interested in this role and so we are hoping to bring this to a conclusion. But we will announce that more specifically when we have the name and someone entering the company that we can celebrate.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, so the answer to your first question, you are right in one sense, you know those two events were once in a century occurrences the second matter they also happened within a decade of each other. So, I suppose in many respects your or our view of the world happens to be at least shaped by considering whether it just happens that those two events were unusual and happened in the last decade or whether the world itself is more vulnerable place and I think that from our perspective as I tried to outline in the call, we see at the same time an extraordinarily long term growth opportunity for our business and the potential for a great deal of volatility. And you know like I said I think about the notion that we were describing as conservative and in a sense it is but in another sense it’s also aggressive and what I mean by that is that if you expect that the world is going to be volatile and you have the capacity to invest throughout the cycle over time you will logically create more value for your shareholders then pushing yourself to the edge of having to struggle if the market turns down. In terms of whether that implies for the rating upgrade the description of our capital allocation approach is largely one now of ourselves pushing towards higher leverage then where we are and I think based on the feedback as I alluded to in the script from many of you that’s something that is an interest and so in actual fact I think that you will see us increase our leverage based on the capital allocation approach that I was talking about and then as our business becomes more oriented towards these and therefore less vulnerable to a downturn, our ability to sustain more leverage should we choose do that, or to increase. The second part of your question related to the dollar volume of assets for sale, I will touch on that and then hand off to Steven for some additional commentary. I should just say that’s not a number that we put out as such and you know partially because it may sound like an easy number to put out but the insight of view end to this that we are testing the market, in terms of selling assets on a continuous basis and there are hotels where we know there is a natural buyer or a natural segment of buyers and we are in private conversations to see whether for example, we can get a price that is as attractive as an open market sale, without the distraction potentially in the cost of a transaction like that. So it’s very hard for us to give you a point estimate of how many assets we have for sale but what we said qualitatively last quarter and repeated this quarter is that we have more hotels on the market now than we had in a considerable length of time and while we didn’t announce any sales in the quarter we are in advanced discussions on a few and I think our behavior over the last 10 years where we sold 128 hotels in the last since 2012 we have sold about $1 billion in assets at about 15 times EBITDA multiple, in many cases with very attractive contracts and with renovations to those properties that were – they were very effective in terms of supporting our brands and driving even better performance to those properties. So, the process of selling hotels is unfortunately the one you only see when there is a sale to announce, but I can assure you that we have been trying to do that in as many ways as we can be clear, it’s something we are working hard on doing, with that I am going to hand it over to Steven.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah, Robin so this is Frits. I will address the China question since you directed it to me. The slowdown in REVPAR for what we call greater China would be at least as we see it now almost entirely a function of the Sheraton Macau now becoming fully part of the same-store set having ramped up. Aside from that business trends for the rest of the year in other markets looked to very similar to what we have seen so far. And with that Steven I will hand it.
Frits van Paasschen: Yeah Michael, so this is Frits, we have looked at REIT spinoffs and I think the answer to that question on a certain level is I would never say never because conditions may be different. But a few things to bear in mind. First of all, there are plenty of REITs in the U.S. market today and I would argue many of them are at scales that are smaller than their shoulders might benefit from. That’s just an outside person’s comment. But what I think it means more broadly is it’s not clear that the worlds needs another hotel REIT, first of all. Second of all if we were to spend a REIT we would have to have the SG&A structure that would go along with it, which would pull down some of the value. You would have whatever the IPO discount might be associated with the spin. And then finally although these numbers are always a little bit hard to validate but at least it looks right now like most REITS in North America are trading at a discount to net asset value. And so if you add up all of those things to your point if our objective function here were to sell a lot of assets fast, then we could move quickly to do that and that might one vehicle. If our objective here is to place each hotel with the right owner that we want with a contract, with a renovation and many of the other things we will continue to proceed accordingly.
Frits van Paasschen: Well yeah, I mean again I’m not sure quite how to react to convoluted, but if that’s the word, that’s the word, I think the more important thing is the substance of it. And I think it could not have been more clear in terms of our endeavor to add some leverage to the company from where we are today for reconciling some of the considerations in terms of how much available debt there is. I think we have also been crystal clear in terms of our focus on being asset light, getting the 80% fee driven by 2016, that over the time period from where we first made a projection around that, that would be about 3 billion in asset sales. We are not on pace for that right now but we never said, we were going to be on pace on a year-on-year basis, and it was very hard to predict when we made that projection whether there would be a large portfolio sale or not. And I can’t still tell you with absolute certainty that between now and 2016 that there won’t be a larger asset sale. So as we sell hotels and as we get more cash on to the balance sheet in the absence of acquisitions or other places to invest in our business this is a capital return story and I think that that’s – that should be as clear now as it ever was.
Frits van Paasschen: That was part one, okay. So yeah well Carlo, look I think what was what we tried to describe in some detail over the course of the script here and what I said was that we had an approach to looking what our target debt would be. We had ability to lay out what that difference is with where we are today and a path towards getting to that target debt level. And my sense was that less clear a quarter ago so what we laid out here, I think is more clarity around what the capital allocation process and thinking is and our approach for getting there. So to the extent that helps from our last quarter all the better.
