Tony Capuano: Sure, Sean, I'll try to talk maybe macro and then I might ask Leeny to chime in with some perspective on the financing climate, particularly here in the US and maybe some perspective on Europe, because those tend to be the two markets where our development partners rely most heavily on, conventional debt financing and the markets where we're seeing the most constriction in the availability of financing for new construction. With that said, the ebb and flow of under-construction is both good and bad, right? As hotels open and we had a good quarter of openings. You see under-construction hotels leave the pipeline, because they enter the system that’s opening hotels, and that's good news for us. We have talked over the last couple of quarters about, albeit a steady increase in the number of construction starts, which is good news for us, but that constriction in the debt markets that I talked about, precluding us from getting back to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of the pace of new construction starts, particularly here in the US. At the same time, we are encouraged by the continued increase in the pace of conversion activity, both on individual conversions and portfolio conversions. And I think it's that increased pace, coupled with a steady improvement in construction starts that gives us confidence in reaffirming the multi-year net unit growth numbers we shared with you last month during the Security Analyst Conference. And maybe with that, I'll ask Leeny to just give a little more color on the financing environment.
Tony Capuano: Yes, great question. Maybe the way I would answer that is, I like to describe those discussions as ever being binary. We don't look at it and say, let's pivot our focus away from our luxury leadership, for instance, towards focus on midscale. They are not mutually exclusive. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are very excited about the early returns of the focused resources we've put against our entry into mid-scale, the fact that we're already seeing letters of intent signed for Citi Express, even in almost 10 new countries. Then we've got signed deals very early in the launch of Four Points Express. Then we've got hundreds of identified markets for StudioRes, almost as the ink is drying on the FDD here in the US. And so that's extraordinarily exciting for us. But that does not require us to hit the pause button on extending our lead in the very valuable luxury segment. And so, that's a long-winded way of saying our strategy is to continue to strengthen our leadership position in luxury and upper upscale, while expanding our growth potential in a new segment for us, which is midscale. And so, as we roll out midscale, you've got products like City Express, which I think at least initially will be largely new build. I think the same is true for StudioRes. On the other hand you look at a platform like Four Points Express, we think there are extraordinary opportunities to roll out conversions under that platform. And as we mentioned during the analyst presentation, we will continue to look at every market we operate in and determine is there an opportunity for mid-scale? And if so, is it a new build opportunity, a virgin opportunity or both.
Tony Capuano: No. I mean, obviously it's early, but what I will tell you is, we have a pretty extraordinary group of franchise partners who are brimming with excitement about our entry into this tier. And we're engaged with them on every continent talking about opportunities for midscale. So we don't find ourselves from a deal term perspective or a capital participation perspective doing anything out of the ordinary.
Tony Capuano: Yes. And then Richard, I think on your second question, if I heard it right, the way you ought to think about the brief delay of the integration of MGM is the way you described it, if I can hear you clearly, which is, that's principally an impact on the timing of the NUG impact, the impact on fees, or EBITDA if that was your question, is de minimis.
Tony Capuano: And maybe the only other color I would add, while it doesn't speak to 2025. In my opening remarks I talked about group revenue growth in the quarter both globally and for the US and Canada, and as Leeny and I have been traveling around the world. I mean, one of the things that's really encouraging is this continued forward booking strength we're seeing in group is not simply a US and Canada phenomenon. We're seeing strong group pick up around the world.
Tony Capuano: Well, on a macro basis, the consumer continues -- we continue to see fairly consistent strength in the consumer. We've seen a little bit of trade down. We obviously compete across price points. But as Leeny pointed out in response to one of the earlier questions, in the third quarter we saw some strength in rate in the luxury tier, which suggests that maybe that's an ebb and flow as opposed to a multi-quarter trend. We do think there is a value-driven consumer that perhaps we were not capturing before, which is one of the reasons we're so enthusiastic about entering the mid-scale tier for the first time. We think that's a segment of the traveling public that perhaps we had been priced out of capturing fully in the past. But beyond that, we continue to see strength really across the consumer. The one thing that's going to be really interesting to watch, I think, I've mentioned in my opening remarks, there were within a percentage point of getting back to pre-pandemic levels of cross-border travel. And you'll recall, we had lots of good conversations back and forth in 2019 about emerging middle classes in markets around the world and their appetite for cross-border travel, much of the recovery we've seen in international markets has been on the shoulders of domestic demand. And as international airlift recovers, one of the things we're watching closely is how strong is that middle class consumer and how strong has their appetite for cross-border travel recovered. I realize that's a bit of a rambling answer, but I mean, we're watching the strengths of the consumer around the world. And most of what we're seeing is either encouraging or wait and see, and I think wait and see applies to that cross-border question, but the early returns are encouraging.
Tony Capuano: And, Bill, just to build on that point, as we talk to our credit card partners, who obviously have rich consumer spending data, the trend that Leeny just described was much more prevalent in the younger generations pre-pandemic. When you look at current credit card spending data, it appears that that's a trend that really spans generations now, which is obviously great news for our business.
Tony Capuano: Yes. So we've had a version of this conversation in the past. It often starts with a question, do you think business travel is permanently impaired? And I'll give you a version of the answer I've given in the past, which is, I absolutely don't think travel is permanently impaired. I just think it's going to look a little different. The small and medium, we've talked about [indiscernible] that has been recovered now for a number of quarters and continues to show strength. There are a number of factors that are impacting some of the big corporates, whether that be concerns they have about macroeconomic conditions, whether that be sustainability goals that they set for themselves. Whatever it might be, it is having some impact on the pace at which their travel volumes recover. But we're seeing offsets to that impact on the strengths that you heard Leeny describe in group. We're also seeing offsets in the amount of blended travel that's driving, for instance, the extraordinary recovery we saw on Sundays and Thursdays. And so, I think that the day of the week looks a little different, the segments look a little different, but the overall volumes are quite encouraging.
Tony Capuano: Yes, great question. The short answer is I hope so. Bonvoy is such an extraordinarily powerful platform for us, it’s a platform that strengthens the connectivity to our guests, ties together the breadth of our brand portfolio and partnerships like Rappi give us greater stickiness with the platform and allow us to connect more deeply in, in the case of Rappi, in markets like Latin America. They have to make sense for both sides to be obvious, but Bonvoy gives us a terrific opportunity to explore, create, and take advantage of those sorts of partnerships. And so, we will absolutely continue to look for those sorts of opportunities.
Tony Capuano: Great. Well, thank you again for all your interest and great questions this morning. We appreciate your continued interest in Marriott and look forward to seeing you on the road. Have a great afternoon.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, sure. So there is couple of comments overall, Shaun. One is, just a reminder that the under-construction component of our pipeline also very typically includes conversions that may be going through some element of renovation before they open. And so, it's not quite the same as pre-COVID, which had a lower percentage of conversions for the company overall. So, as we've talked about before, we would expect, for example, perhaps roughly 30% of the openings in 2024 to be from conversions, which means, they can be in the pipeline a bit differently than the classic new build timing for being in the pipeline. So I think that the nature of the under construction pipeline could be perhaps a little bit different than pre-COVID. But as Tony was describing, you've clearly got the reality that in Asia Pacific and a number of other markets, there is meaningfully less dependence on the debt markets. And those markets are seeing much more stereotypical signings and progress into rooms under construction. While in the US, what you see is that, there is clearly still an open financing market for strong brands, strong market locations, demonstrated developer success. And in those, we are absolutely continuing to see that the financing is happening and that the rooms are getting under construction. The main difference, I would say is, they're taking a bit longer to actually get under construction. But as we kind of look going forward, the ones that are getting under construction are moving forward and then opening right on time. So as Tony said, overall, we're pleased to see the net rooms growth, for example, that we actually raised a bit for 2023, reflecting continued strong demand for our brands and also rooms getting finished and open, as well as really strong signings going into the pipeline. So overall, we're actually quite pleased on the new rooms front.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, sure. Thanks very much. As I mentioned in my comments, we continue to feel good about the 3% to 6% range that we discussed at the Security Analyst Meeting. It's worth noting, however, Stephen, that we are smack in the middle of the process of building the budgets at the hotel level and moving up. So we're not prepared to give kind of formal guidance at this point. But when we look, broadly speaking, at seeing continued demand for travel, and as we talk about in the US, we would expect that that will remain in this more normalized seasonal patterns that we've now come to see. You've seen our guidance for Q4 being 3% to 4%, which reflects that. But we've got some basic strong fundamentals. Low supply growth for several years, which looks to continue to be the way going into 2024, and that's reflected in our higher percentage of conversions. And we do expect to see another year of strong growth in our special corporate rate on top of very strong growth in that rate in 2023. As we talked about in seeing our group pace, which is up 14%, that's actually got strong both rooms growth, as well as strong rate growth in the US, which does also bode well for continued sustainability in ADR. And I'll probably throw in one extra, which is that, in luxury, you probably remember we talked about that having in Q2, RevPAR was down ever so slightly in our luxury US and Canada properties just down by 1% in Q2, but that actually moved positive again in Q3 and was actually up 2%. So, I put all those together and, of course, this does depend greatly on the overall macroeconomic conditions and we will need to see where that goes. But given what we look at right now, we continue to feel good about the fundamentals.
Leeny Oberg: I think at this stage of the game, since we're really working through all of the budget work and kind of looking at investment spending, et cetera, again, the broad guidelines that we provided at the Security Analyst Meeting remain consistent. You will remember that we talked about an expectation of having the Sheraton Grand Chicago put to Marriott in 2024, which will be a use of cash we would expect at the end of 2024, and that was on top of the investment spending levels that were more normalized. But I think the philosophy, Smedes, remains exactly the same, which is, to say we do like where we are in terms of our credit ratios being at the lower end of our adjusted debt to adjusted [EBITDAR] (ph) and would expect to remain in that territory given the various kind of uncertainties that are out there. But other than that, the basic equation that you have seen us use for quite a number of years, I would expect to be similar, which would then result in substantial amounts of capital being returned to our shareholders.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So thanks, Robin. As we talked about in our comments and at the Security Analyst Meeting, I think when you've got a deal like MGM or City Express, things can be a little lumpy in terms of the specific year-over-year rooms growth. And so, I do think it's much more important to be looking more broadly at the two to three year CAGR sort of numbers. And there clearly with the 2.4% higher room count as a result of MGM, that's obviously going to help 2024's number a lot. And you saw that our 2023 number came down, although it actually went up apart from MGM compared to a quarter ago. So I think the main thing I would focus on is that, we continue to feel really good about the 5% to 5.5% net rooms growth over the 2022 through 2025 time period. And we will obviously, as we get to full budget details, when we get to February, we'll be more specific. But I think, again, the basic earnings equation and growth model of the company is exactly as we described in September at the Security Analyst Meeting.
Leeny Oberg: Again, as I described, we have talked about continuing to feel very confident about the three-year 5% to 5.5% and are pleased to see the 2023 number move up a quarter of a point compared to a quarter ago. But we are in the middle of that process as we speak and we'll be able to be more specific when we get to February.
Leeny Oberg: So I'll talk about a couple stats and then Tony may want to add anything kind of from a more broad perspective. Just one thing that's worth noting is that, group is back to being about the same percentage of our business that it was pre-COVID. So very squarely, almost a quarter of the business is related to groups. So I think you are seeing it normalizing there. And the numbers that we've talked about in US and Canada of 14%, that's obviously on a business that is really settled down into more normal seasonal pattern rather than still having lots of revenge travel. I think one of the interesting things is there, while some of the special corporate business has not returned in exactly the same form that it was pre-COVID, I think there is also the reality that companies are recognizing the value of getting together and are doing it in groups, maybe not in quite the same way they were doing some business transient. So, when you look at the overall proportion of the business, it is really leisure and business transient that was swapped a little bit, while group remains quite consistent to the way it was pre-COVID.
Leeny Oberg: No particular trends of notice relative to kind of your point about more kind of some trends in companies. We do have longer group booking windows overall, which reflect the fact that people are finding that the hotels are full and that they need to get their groups on the books. So that part remains consistent. I would not say that we see any kind of notable difference between leisure group and business group, either kind of in the past several months or frankly over the last several years, there is a steady diet of both of those.
Leeny Oberg: The only thing I would add is that, if this trend around experiences versus goods, which we continue to see a really positive element of demand. So whether it is for music concerts or professional sports games or for youth athletics or all of those pieces of people's lives, that continues to be a great driver of demand for travel and really is quite global. So again, kind of a realization on the part of people that travel is a fundamental part of life and one that is very much appreciated.
