Leeny Oberg: Sure. So overall, Stephen, as I stated in my comments, we are committed to a strong investment-grade credit rating. And we ended the year in terrific shape. I think you can tell from the range that we gave on RevPAR that we see ourselves being in really good shape this year from a cash flow perspective and earnings perspective that does give us great flexibility in how we think about our investing and our capital return. But from an interest rate environment, I think it’s more about the overall macroeconomic activity and global growth picture than it is about a specific interest rate. Obviously, we need to see how it plays out. But being at the very low end of our credit ratio metrics, I think, gives us plenty of flexibility to deal with whatever may come.
Leeny Oberg: Stephen, the other thing I’ll add is I hesitate to call that a trend yet, but it’s just worth mentioning that in January, we saw our top special corporate accounts improve another 9 points relative to ‘19. So in the classic areas of accounting and consulting or defense or healthcare, we are continuing to see good progress there. but we are only a month into ‘23 so far.
Leeny Oberg: And I’ll jump in on China, Shaun, and that is – well, two things. One, to your point about January being particularly strong, if you remember, Omicron was particularly pronounced, right, as we got into January. And obviously, there is a significantly water degree of comfort this year as we moved into Q1. So I think you saw the momentum that was building in Q4 and really all throughout ‘22 continue into January as we saw all parts of the business firing on all cylinders. And then when you think about China, we saw tremendous leisure demand associated with the Chinese New Year, but we are really pleased with the overall pace of demand that we’re seeing there. And just to give you a rough sense, we could see – in Greater China, we could see that RevPAR for the year ‘23 over ‘22 is over 30% increase. And obviously, the biggest increase will be in the first quarter.
Leeny Oberg: And Joe, the only thing that I’ll add is there was the obvious challenges for opening hotels in China tied to the shutdown in China that impacted permits and getting the teams trained and up and running. And so from that respect, we certainly saw a few drift from where we had expected them opened in Q4 to open in Q1. And I think that was clearly to be expected as they saw the shutdown continue. But again, as things open up, we look forward to them increasing.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Nothing in particular. They do vary. They can be something related to one hotel or a particular transaction, but they vary. We’ve talked about them before, Robin. It’s kind of varying anywhere from $20 million to $40 million in a particular year. And as you saw from our deletions number, apart from Russia, we’re really absolutely quite where we typically are. So there is nothing particular in that number.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, sure, absolutely. So just – while Q4 was spectacular, and we really had a wonderful performance in our incentive fees. The reality is they are still meaningfully lower than they were in 2019, while the rest of our fees have grown quite nicely, our basin franchise fees as rooms have grown, RevPAR has recovered as well as the non-RevPAR fee growth has increased. So when you look at IMF as a percentage of total fees compared to ‘19, they have actually gone down. And we would expect them to continue to be a little bit lower than they have historically been. And they do, obviously, reflect a little bit riskier fee stream for us than comparing to the classic base in franchise fees. But when you look at kind of where we are in terms of hotel’s earning incentive fees, I think there are a couple of interesting statistics. And that is that in ‘22, 61% of our managed hotels earned an incentive fee that compares to 72% in 2019. And in the U.S., 39% of our full-service hotels earned an incentive fee versus 45% in 2019. And I break – I don’t include MSB because there is a very big difference in the managed limited service hotel portfolio between ‘22 and ‘19, so it’s not as relevant a number. And as you know, many of our Asia Pacific incentive fees are not back to ‘19 levels as a result of their RevPAR recovering a bit later than the U.S. So I think we’re thrilled with the performance of our operating team, very proud of the work that they have done, especially given wage increases. And I think to one point that you’re raising; we’re excited about what we see in ‘23 and the years ahead for the IMF potential for our hotels.
Leeny Oberg: Well, again, I want to make sure we certainly include City Express. When we think about our rooms growth, that’s a very important component of how we think strategically about how we’re growing around the world. So when I think about accelerating rooms growth that is a part of it. And then when I think of the timing, we’ve clearly got the reality that construction starts over the past couple of years in the U.S. are having an impact in ‘23, in particular, in the U.S. for room openings. But again, otherwise, with the signings that you heard Tony talking about, we’re very enthused about what we see going forward and then conversions have been a big component as well.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. No, Smedes, I thought you might ask this question. So I definitely think it would be helpful to break it down. So if you use, kind of roughly speaking, a midpoint of what I talked about, about $900 million and you take out the renovation projects at the W Union Square and Barbados as well as the $100 million for City Express, you’re down to $650 million. Then you’ve got higher spend on tech systems that will overwhelmingly be reimbursed to us from the system of, call it, another $150 million in ‘23 that’s higher than typical. That then gets you down to $500 million, which is quite similar to this year’s $500 million. I think when you think about key money being, again, in the ballpark of perhaps $200 million, $225 million in ‘23, that actually lines up quite well with our historical kinds of numbers for the growth of the system. And as you know, many, many of the deals that we signed do not require any capital investment on the part of Marriott.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. So, broadly, you heard us talk about 47% to 49% for international in the first quarter. And as you think about kind of around the world, I would expect Asia Pacific, both APAC, in particular, outside of China to be meaningfully above that, Greater China, probably somewhere in that ballpark. You clearly saw that EMEA will also be kind of in that very high sort of range. With particularly Europe being a real outlier, very high given where they were a year ago in the first quarter. So, I think the easiest way to think about it is where Omicron was having the greatest impact is where you will see these outsized performances, because for example, a year ago, EMEA, the Middle East was not as impacted by Omicron. So, their year-over-year increase will not be as strong. I think one of the messages that we want you to hear is that in this current environment, when you think about kind of moving from Q4 into Q1, we are still seeing good opportunities for continued strength and growth in occupancy and rate apart from any normal seasonal variation.
Leeny Oberg: I will start and give you the investment perspective, and then I am sure Tony will jump in. So, I guess first, I would say this is not what I would call one thing. This is really a recognition that we view that the digital experience and the experience for our customers and for our associates on the systems that they interact with the company as being of critical importance over the next few years or really forever. And so in that regard, we are very excited about the work that we are doing on our tech systems that really will transform the experience for the mobile app and for our guests as they plan and execute their stays with us. It will also transform the experience for our associates, which is critically important as well as we think about how they take care of our guests, most particularly, as they are able to interact with our Bonvoy guests to really address their specific needs. So, as we look at rolling it out, you have probably seen our announcements of working with several third-party service providers to really transform several of our systems. But I also think it’s worth noting that we have already done incredible things on our app and the experience from the digital communications and platform with our customers and our ability to really address their specific wants and needs has already improved meaningfully, and we expect to build on that.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Absolutely. So, a couple of things. David, I would say, first of all, we do have two really important innovation – renovation projects going on in ‘23. No surprise, Barbados was crushing it over the past year as you think about leisure demand. And as we really do a very full renovation of these properties, that will have an impact on un-leased profits. I would expect termination fees to be a bit lower as we look at ‘23 versus ‘22. We had a couple of other things that are close to offsetting. If you remember, in Q1, in particular, of ‘22, we had the German subsidies. So, they hit in Q1 of ‘22, and we, obviously, will not have them in Q1 of ‘23. We also had an agreement on a pack of leased U.S. hotels that involved a charge later in the year in ‘22. And obviously, we won’t have that in ‘23. So, there will be a little bit between the quarters that moves thing around. Those two things largely offset each other. So, I really would look to both termination fees as well as the issue around renovation.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. As you have seen in our numbers, we have given you the expectation of 3% to 5% on the year. And that really, as you think about it, reflects just continuing to be more and more back-end business. So, whether it is higher travel expenses or a little bit more annualization of positions that we added in ‘21 and ‘22. But really, other than that, I would say, really quite normal. The wage pressures have moderated, Bill. And we are seeing a more normalized environment, both at the property level as well as above property.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So, as you know, residential branding fees are bumpy. They really do vary depending on the timing of the opening of when a building is complete and people can actually move in and close their sales. So, they tend to vary. They have gone anywhere from $40 million to $70 million within the space of 2 years. As you have heard us say, we have a really robust pipeline of residential projects. And so while I would expect the residential branding fees to be more flattish compared to ‘22, that’s really just a reflection of timing. When I think about credit card fees, we expect them to increase both as a combination of a higher number of cardholders, and that’s partly in the U.S. and partly from the fact that we have added a bunch of other countries as well as increased spend. I do think the average spend for an existing cardholder, that growth will moderate in ‘23 as compared to ‘22. Those are tied into how, I think generally we are seeing the economic view. So, for example, that might look more like inflation, while the wonderful terrific increase comes from more and more cardholders.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the recovery for business transient broadly is still at about 90%. Interestingly for small and medium-sized companies, which represent about 60% ish of our total business transient, they were actually up 6% quarter-over-quarter in the fourth quarter. So that continues to be strong. We’ve seen slower albeit steady recovery from larger companies, but they have got a bit of a ways to go to get back to pre-pandemic levels.
Tony Capuano: And maybe the last point I would make, Stephen, is just reiterating what I said earlier in the call, and that is, for the last couple of years, we’ve rolled over our special corporate rates. And so as we went into the negotiating season this year, we felt like we were in a pretty good place. And that really materialized as we saw negotiated special corporate rates in the high single digits.
Tony Capuano: Yes. Of course, Shaun, maybe I’ll start with the group just because that’s such a terrific story. You heard the numbers about where we were in the quarter with group revenue for group in the U.S. and Canada, about 10% ahead of where we were pre-pandemic. When we look into 2023, there is two things I would point to that are really compelling. Number one, we’re currently pacing up about 20% year-over-year. And interestingly, that’s not just a quarter one phenomenon, given the favorable comparisons. We’re seeing pretty steady pacing across all quarters in 2023. Secondly, I would remind you that the shorter booking window is not specific to transient. We’re seeing a little more compressed booking window in group as well. And so we think there is still meaningful upside to group as we launch in the year for the year bookings materialize during the balance of 2023.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Maybe I’ll take the second question first. The pipeline tends, as you well know, to ebb and flow quarter-to-quarter. The statistic I look at related to pipeline that I think is a bit more telling is the 2% year-over-year increase in the pipeline. Obviously, deals come in and out of the pipeline in a year where nearly 30% of our openings were conversions. We’ve talked in the past about the fact that some conversions never even make it into the pipeline. They get signed and opened quite quickly. On your first question about China signings, China signings last year were down about 15% from where we were in ‘21. And they were down a little more than third from where we were in ‘19. As the borders open, we expect to see meaningful positive impact certainly on demand patterns, but also on the health and the outlook of our development partners. And so we would expect an acceleration in deal volume.
Tony Capuano: Of course. So we are very excited to get over the finish line with City Express. As we outlined, when we announced our intent to acquire Citi, it represents our entry into the mid-scale segment, which is very exciting. It increases our portfolio significantly in the important and growing CALA region. We expect to grow that brand aggressively across CALA, and we are – as we move towards closing that transaction, evaluating the applicability of that brand in other markets around the world. We’ve not made definitive decisions about when and if we will roll out City Express in other places, but you can rest assured those evaluations and discussions are going on as we speak. I do think if you look at our historical track record of acquisitions, many of those acquisitions initially either strengthened our leadership position or gave us a meaningful foothold in a region where we weren’t growing as quickly as we’d like organically. And then over the passage of time, we look for opportunities to grow that platform more broadly. And I think the same strategy will apply to City Express.
Tony Capuano: And I might just build on that, Smedes, by reminding you of an obvious fact, which is – and we’ve shared this in prior Analyst Days. The deals that we determine we may deploy some measure of Marriott capital, even in the form of key money, tend to drive premium valuations and premium fees. And they tend to be much more heavily weighted to our leading luxury portfolio and some of the upper upscale projects as well.
Tony Capuano: Yes, I won’t comment on our competitors. What I will tell you is our growth strategy broadly is driven by what we hear from the two constituents that are most directly impacted, obviously, our guests and our owners and franchisees. And what we hear from them loudly and clearly is at the right quality level, entry into mid-scale is of great appeal. An alternative lodging product like Apartments by Marriott Bonvoy is equally appealing to both of those constituents, and that’s where our focus lies right now in terms of expanding the portfolio.
Tony Capuano: Of course, I might repeat myself a little bit in the comment I made earlier about City Express. When we make these sort of operating protocol decisions, we are guided by both the evolving expectations of our guests and the economic realities of our owners and franchisees weighing both of those sets of expectations and needs. What we have said is we will have modified housekeeping protocols by quality tier. So, in our luxury portfolio, we are essentially back to pre-pandemic full daily housekeeping. In the upper upscale tier, we have daily tidy, so not a full cleaning, but making the bed, changing the tearing [ph], cleaning the trash, etcetera. And in our select service, or MSB portfolio, we have every other day tidy. What we hear from our guests, if you give us optionality, which we do both in the booking path and a check-in. And if you give us something we can count on consistently, you will meet our needs. And this blended approach captures a lot of the economics that we created during the pandemic for our owners and franchisees.
Tony Capuano: It’s a good question. I would suggest to you that the 1 to 1.5 range is more reflective of some of the uncertainty that Leeny described in her remarks, and it resulted ultimately in us providing forward guidance on RevPAR in a wider range than we might historically have offered.
Tony Capuano: Well, Bill, we were excited to be able to give you some visibility into ‘23. ‘24 is probably a little ambitious. What I will tell you though is, notwithstanding some of the constriction in the debt markets, we are encouraged that we are seeing incremental acceleration of construction starts, albeit not back to where we were in 2019. We are encouraged by what we experienced both on the signings and openings front in 2022 with conversions and expect that momentum to continue to build both on an individual asset basis and a portfolio basis.
Tony Capuano: No, I don’t think so. I mean maybe the best empirical metric to answer your question is fall-out from the pipeline, which would be canceled projects, and that’s running interestingly kind of on pace with what we have experienced historically over a long period of time and with what we were experiencing prior to the pandemic. As Leeny pointed out in response to an earlier question, the move from sign to getting a shovel on the ground has not accelerated as much as we would like. But again, we are seeing the number of construction starts, particularly in the U.S., moving meaningfully from the bottom of the trough, albeit not quite back to where we were prior to pandemic.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So, as I mentioned earlier, the group has been a real bright spot for us and not just looking backwards, but even forward. If you look at what we have on the books for ‘24 on January 1, ‘23, that’s about 5% ahead in gross revenue from where we were a year prior, meaning comparing that to what was on the books for ‘23 on January 1, 2022. And so we are pacing ahead of where we were a year ago. And we are enthused at the prospect of those numbers continuing to expand because of the in the year, for the year phenomenon that you described.
Tony Capuano: Well, as you would expect, we listened with great interest to the President’s comments during the State of the Union. It appeared, if you listen to what he actually said, his concern was “hidden fees.” And the manner in which we disclose resort fees or destination fees, combined with the rigorous process we have to approve the implementation of one of those fees and the requirements for a meaningful value proposition before those fees are approved, give us comfort that we have the right strategy. The other thing I would remind you across our 8,300 hotel portfolio, I think we have got less than 300 hotels that have those sorts of fees. So, in terms of materiality, it’s quite impactful for those individual owners, but less impactful on a portfolio-wide basis.
Tony Capuano: Well, I want to thank you again. These calls are a lot more fun to engage with you as we continue to see empirical evidence of the resilience of travel. We appreciate your thoughtful questions and look forward to seeing you on the road. Thank you.
