StephanieLinnartz: Sure, of course, and good morning, Shaun. So as it relates to our group business. We are encouraged to see some really positive trends as I mentioned in the prepared remarks at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020, our group pace for 2021 it was down negative 57%. But the second half of the year was down just 25% to 30%. We're also on the group front seeing some positive trends as it relates to group canceled; they've really slowed for the second half of 2021. And they are at normal levels for 2022 plus. We're also seeing some great trends on lead volume. While it's certainly behind 2019, it's improving. As a matter of fact, over the last 45 days, lead volume has increased 20 to 30 percentage points. So in a significant improvement from what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2020. The other thing I note on the group home, we're starting to see a pickup in what I'd call more normal types of groups. So as an example, we're starting to see some incentive meetings book in the fourth quarter of this year. And to your question about rate, yes, January was not only a strong booking month, which was terrific, actually the best month we've had in a couple years, but the rate was up on for futures 11%. And you should know most of those groups that were booked into the future years, those higher rates were in house group versus city wise, we haven't quite seen citywide bookings come back yet. So I think that the story on the group front just underscores the point that there will be a return to meetings and group business and it may be slower than we would like. But we're seeing that we're seeing the demand and as you can imagine, Shaun we are talking to our customers all the time meeting planners our top accounts, and they all want to get back out on the road and on -- and travel. We're also seeing in China some quite positive things on the group front. As a matter of fact, the bookings in China, group bookings were up to 20% of our room nights, again, which was encouraging. China's a great story, it shows that there's pent-up demand for travel. Six weeks after this firework was announced in China, people started booking roommates again, started with leisure, but then quickly towards as the year moved on moved to both business travel and group. And of course, much of it, most of it was domestic, but still strong demand. So we're very encouraged as to what we're saying on the group front.
StephanieLinnartz: Yes, sure. Absolutely. We are really excited to see are offering them all inclusive properties grow for our consumers on leisure demand is very -- is the strongest segment right now. And it is also leisure is as a segment overall growing even faster than business travel. So we see a lot of runway for continued leisure demand. What we're most excited about with our all inclusive properties is we're going to have on properties across seven of our brands, seven of our premium and luxury brands. And it's going to be a terrific offering particularly for our Marriott Bonvoy members. It is really anything that makes the Marriott Bonvoy programs stickier and more engaging is great for our business. So whether it's growing our all inclusive business, HVMI, of course are terrific leisure properties around the world. We just see the growth of all inclusive is a great proposition for our consumers.
StephanieLinnartz: Well, so let me help you a little bit here. Thank you, Patrick. And we appreciate your thoughts. So first of all, in US and Canada, we're only talking 3% of the hotels. So only 159 in all of North America, the biggest concentration is in Europe, where 34% of themselves are closed. And then also in Caribbean, Latin America, where 11% of the hotels are closed. So I would say there, there can be some true structural reasons why in those markets, government regulations, actually, in some cases require that the hotels be closed. So I think one of the things that we've all learned over the last year is that in many cases, even down at levels of 10% to 15%, occupancy, a hotel can be better off being open, than it is closed from a cash flow perspective. And we began done everything we can, most of our charges, as you know are based on revenues. So that floats with the occupancy. So I think in general, we would, as you see, things start to pick up a little bit. Hopefully, as the vaccinations continue to progress even more than you will start to see these remaining closed hotels open up. 
StephanieLinnartz: Yes, sure. Absolutely. Yes we always say we're overwhelmingly done with the integration. And we're kind of hopeful that this is the last bid. But when we acquired the company, Starwood management agreements for the Sheraton Grand Chicago in the Western Times Square included very broad cross brand territorial, which actually, when you think about it, that for the rest of our 28 brands, we were severely limited in those areas. So soon after we did the deal, we entered into a settlement agreement with a hotel owner, where basically, we granted that owner a one time right to put the leasehold interest in the hotel to Marriott in 2022, for $300 million in cash. Now, it's worth noting that there is a ground lease underneath this hotel, we actually don't have to buy that if we want to buy that land, we'll have the right to for an additional $200 million. But it is worth noting that there is a ground lease on the hotel as well. But this is providing the interest in the hotel. The other interesting part is that, given the current economic conditions, we believe that the put is probable of being exercised. And as a result, we need it to reflect what we think is the current value. And obviously all these markets are struggling. And that resulted in this charge. The other thing that's worth noting is that we actually have the right to not actually close on the put until late 2024. So even though it could get put to us in 2022, we wouldn't necessarily have to buy it until the end of 2024. And so it's actually worth noting that also part of the impairment that we had in the contract amortization line reflects the fact that frankly, right now, if you ask us, we would expect that we would defer that purchase until the end of 2024. And continue to manage the hotel until the end of 2024 to take into consideration the fact that we don't buy it until then. The other part that I guess I'll add is that since that agreement was signed, we've actually added 4,000 rooms in the Chicago and New York markets. So while it is painful, and clearly a direct result of COVID. We do think that in the broad picture, it's really important for us to be able to have the capability to expand our brands and that really important market.
StephanieLinnartz: Yes. Obviously, you've got to look at that every single quarter. And we would but this was question of a whole lot of different factors as we move over the next few years, but fundamentally, yes, you're right.
StephanieLinnartz: Great. Well, thank you, Vince for that question. Yes. We really are excited about HVMI primarily as an offering for our Marriott family members. We launched that business in 2019 with about 2,000 homes. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and the reason we launched the businesses, we were talking to our Marriott Bonvoy member, an eight out of 10 of them said not only-- not that they were just thinking about renting a home, but they actually had done it through another platform. So we knew it was an offering they wanted that we didn't have. And we knew it would be complimentary to our core hotel business. So we launched the business in 2019, we've grown to 25,000 homes, there is about a couple million homes in the segment in which we play in, I think it's really important when we talk about HVMI to make some distinctions from other platforms. First of all, we only have whole homes. We also, it's not an open platform, like some of the other players; you can't just put a home on there. We only work with professional housing management companies. And we have very, very strict standards about what type of premium and luxury homes will allow on the platform standards around amenities, design aesthetic, service levels, on safety, security, et cetera. So we are very strict about which homes get on the platform. And one of the most important things about HVMI is you can earn loyalty points and burn oil loyalty points there. And I mentioned in the prepared remarks that 90% of our bookings are coming from loyalty members and also 30% of the bookings on redemptions, people are redeeming their Marriott Bonvoy points. And we saw the business do well, particularly during last summer because people wanted a whole home 40% of our HVMI destinations are actually new to Marriott there where we don't have hotels, and many of them are in more remote locations, which really was quite attractive during COVID. So we're excited about the offering and we see it as complimentary to our core business and a tremendous value proposition for Marriott Bonvoy members.
StephanieLinnartz: Yes, when we look medium, longer term past COVID. We think there is robust demand for travel across all segments, leisure, business travel, group meetings. There could be some slight shifts here and there. But again, as I mentioned, we -- when this disease when COVID gets under control, we see the demand come back. And we're already on the business travel side. We're seeing -- we're starting to see green shoots, our special corporate bookings in January in the month for the month were the best that we've seen since last fall. And when we look at the bookings from our corporate accounts further out, we're seeing them tick up each week, particularly from accounting and consulting firms and technology companies. So again, post COVID we see robust travel demand across all segments, again, could there be some shifts here and there? Yes. But we're quite bullish on the overall outlook.
StephanieLinnartz: Sure, Chad. I think, this is Stephanie. I'll take that one on pricing. I mean, pricing is really about compression, not trip purpose. And so in normal times, we can get compression from leisure business in our resorts when they're quite busy or special events on and our retail rates, we don't really differ between business and leisure. We do have some negotiated volume discounts for corporate accounts. But the key to pricing really is about occupancy, rebounding. And right now, that's the challenge. I mean in terms of ADR, it fell very steeply in April and May of last year. And that was driven by very low occupancies. And we had caregiver rates in the lake and our hotels, but the occupancy did tick up throughout the year. Of course, it varies market to market. In general, last year, we saw luxury ADR hold up fast with extended stay ADR next and again, it really does get to compression. I think it'll be interesting to watch this recovery. If demand comes back much more quickly than we anticipated, we may be able to grow ADR faster than we did coming out of the last downturn. But again, it's really about -- it's more about impression than it is about a trip purpose. 
TonyCapuano: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your kind sentiments, most appreciated. I think as we think about 2021 openings, obviously, we've indicated in our prepared remarks and acceleration to about 6% gross openings. And to state the obvious, there's more limited visibility than we've had into the markets, pre-COVID. But there are a number of factors, I think that give us some measure of comfort that support our guidance. I think number one, we've got about 230,000 rooms under construction around the world as we sit here today. You also heard us talk a little bit about the Sunwing all inclusive projects, adding 7,000 rooms that give us almost 100 basis points of growth in gross openings in 2021. To your point there were a number of hotels under construction last year that had been targeted for 2020 openings, and they slipped principally because of COVID related construction delays and we expect a significant number of those hotels to open in 2021. And then I think the last thing I would say is that while it's certainly early days, we're only 10 or 11 weeks into the year, we're seeing some encouraging signs related to accelerating conversions activity. If you look at the fourth quarter of 2020, about 21% of our signings were conversions. And that was the highest percentage contribution from conversions that we had seen since the first quarter of 2019. And so we did go back and take a look at some previous cycles. And in fact, it's the last peak, we saw conversions spike all the way up to about 24% of total signings. And I think that's quite encouraging as well. The only other thing I would add, Joe is that also gives us some measure of comfort. We've seen from quarter-to-quarter since the pandemic started a relatively steady level of rooms under construction. And obviously, we've shared that with you and each of the quarterly calls.
TonyCapuano: Sure. Thank you, Thomas. I think maybe I'll talk a little bit about all inclusive from a growth and a deal side. And then I might ask Stephanie to chime in from a demand and a leisure perspective. On the transaction side, As we talked about, when we launched into the all inclusive space, it was frustrating for us to see the pace of growth in the all inclusive space, certainly in [Cala] but even in Southeast Asia and some of the Eastern European resort markets and not to have a platform to compete for those opportunities. Since our launch, the market reaction from the development community has been quite significant. I think one of the things that give us so much enthusiasm about the Sunwing announcement, beyond of the fact that it's great, rapid increase in our footprint. It has accelerated the volume of inquiries we're getting about new opportunities, particularly on the conversion side. And Sunwing is a terrific partner for us. They have been in the all inclusive space much longer than we have. And we think it is going to be a very symbiotic relationship where we both have a lot to teach each other. Stephanie, maybe you can chime in with a little bit on leisure demand.
TonyCapuano: Sure. I think there are lots of conversations. I think from where I sit, I'll be surprised if there is a high volume of activity because I think buyer and seller pricing expectations are still out of alignment. And I think there may be some distressed circumstances where transactions occur. But I do think that gap is significant. I will -- we will continue to look and if we see something that makes sense, we'll use the same lens that we've always applied to the evaluation of bolt-on acquisitions. Does it fill a gap for us in terms of either geographic distribution or segment? And are the economics compelling? Also, maybe the last fine point I would put on that not only for individual hotel transactions, but for M&A transactions. The financing markets are challenging at best. And I think that will have some cooling effect potentially on the volume of M&A deals you see in the market.
TonyCapuano: And I think similarly on the second half of your question, these are terrific physical assets. There are some modest renovation requirements. But these are pretty conversion ready assets that we're excited to get into the system and start welcoming of our Bonvoy guest.
TonyCapuano: Thank you, Robin. As I said in response to one of the earlier questions, state the obvious the there's a lot less visibility into the future than we've had prior to the pandemic. I think beyond 2021, we're going to need to get a bit further into the economic recovery. And to see how quickly the financing markets rebound. And how quickly construction starts begin to pick up. As I said, we do have 230,000 rooms under construction. But it is interesting as I talk with our transactors around the world; the good news is we're generally not seeing much in the way of fallout of under construction projects from the pipeline. I think if there's going to be an impact; it will likely be further impact on the length of the construction cycle. And so it's a little tough to know what that looks like in 2022. I am hopeful that in the next couple quarters that visibility will improve a little bit. But I just don't think we've got great visibility beyond 2021 at this point.
TonyCapuano: We agree that's one of the statistics we've been watching. And to your point it's quite encouraging that we've seen such stability in the volume of under construction rooms around the world.
LeenyOberg: And Joe when you think about on the investment front, obviously, as you're adding more rooms on a relative basis to 2020, you see a little bit more investment but when you think about the kind of classic typical investment, either per deal or per average key and a full year, I would say we're not seeing any sort of meaningful increase in the amount of investment that we're needed to put into deals. And obviously, when you look at our pipeline, for example, in the US, which is 80%, limited service they're typically the investment is far less. And so I think while you would expect that our investment will increase a bit relative to the really low 2020 levels, I would not expect it to see it take kind of meaningful step up relative to the overall numbers of rooms.
LeenyOberg: Yes, sure, thanks. So first of all, on the corporate G&A front when you look at these levels, compared to the 2019 levels, you're looking at a high teen reduction in comparison, and you do need to remember that both of those numbers include bad debt. And while in the long run bad debt is a cash cost, it is kind of in the year for the year often not a cash cost, because it's a reserve taken. And again, it's a little bit hard to predict exactly where that'll go in 2021. I think you would normally expect in this environment, it might be a little bit higher than normal levels. And certainly in 2019, it was not even anything to worry about. But overall, I would say from a cash perspective, you would see that our cash costs on a G&A front with this $775 million to $800 million is that reduction is a bit higher than the high teens sort of number that I've described on the expense line. And when I think about it going forward, Steven, I would say a couple things. First of all, obviously, I would expect that some will need to be added back as we move forward into a much improved picture for our industry. But I will also say that we undertook some work in 2020. That was while extraordinarily painful and difficult, I think was a reflection that we view that it will take some time for the industry to recover. And we really need to put ourselves in a position where we could make these cost savings last a very long time, if not permanently. So while you could see costs go up more than inflation, I think you will see most of these savings be sustainable. And similarly on the hotel front we've done a lot of work to do things that are both temporary and sustainable on the cost front. We've obviously done some temporary reductions in fixed costs at the hotel level; we've obviously done some again really painful work in the way of furloughs, et cetera. But we've also done some really innovative things around how to better staff the hotels how to better get our work done, how to manage some of the programmatic costs that go to the hotels. And I think those, again will be sustainable. When I think about in 2021, what we've tried to do is gone to as much of the margins that we had in 2019 as possible. So while I think the hotel margins will obviously suffer from a reduction in revenues compared to 2019, at the hotel level, we did we think we have been able to save the vast majority of that margin decline through the work that we've done. And then obviously, as we move into a much more normal picture, there will be sustainable savings that allow us to get to a profitability point that returns back to where it was much quicker.
LeenyOberg: Sure. I talked the question before about some substantive work that we've done to try to match the cost with the revenue decline in the short term, and again, try to make a bunch of it sustainable, but overwhelmingly, our owners are paying us and we've had tremendous success in collecting our receivables. Most hotels have reopened. And obviously, amongst the select service hotels, quite a few of them are actually cash flow positive. We have arranged payment plans for a large number of our hotels. And when you think about it typically, Smedes, they pay us in 30 days, and to be able to stretch that out over several months is a big help. And we're seeing there, again, overwhelmingly that they are making payments on those payment plans. And while they're obviously we need to get back to where there's substantial recovery to get them to a much better spot. For the moment, they are hanging in there, and they are able to pay some down and work with us to be able to navigate through this time. But I do agree with you, we are paying incredible attention to our costs on property and working with the owners to try to find ways to do even more. And a lot of this depends on what the owner's particular situation is too in terms of how well capitalized, what is the debt structure, and what kind of market they're in. But overwhelmingly, we have seen really strong performance and the newest information about the PPP loan extension and expansion, as well as whatever may come from a stimulus bill, hopefully will be added benefit to them as well.
LeenyOberg: Well, I'll take the first one. And then I'm going to turn it over to Tony for the second one. And we would never get into specifics on a particular deal. But I can tell you that this was a very, very capital light deal. I'll just leave it there.
LeenyOberg: No, I don't think so. I think obviously, the stability of the marketplace will be important. I am kind of assuming that we continue on the beginnings of this recovery and get to a much more stable place. I think we clearly have to recognize that it will take us a little while to get back to where our leverage ratios or where we want them to be. And we will need to be considering whether the market is as stable as it was from 2012 through 2019. When you think about the volatility of our cash flows, but I think broadly speaking, looking at our business model, and the way we generate cash, that I think the fundamental strategy is still the same, which is grow absolutely the best way we can, with really efficient use of capital, resulting in a business model that generates significant excess cash over and above what we need to reinvest in the business. And in that respect, we would look forward to returning to both modest dividends and share repurchase.
RobinFarley: Great. Thank you. Please let me add my condolences on Arne's loss. I am very sad obviously; he was such an unfailingly kind person. So let me add my condolences. My question is on the unit growth topic. I know conversions visibility is kind of more limited maybe only within the next few months and removals kind of similarly. But when we think about growth unit additions from kind of new construction that would happen next year in 2022. A lot of that would probably be underway or have to be underway already now. So I guess I wonder if you could give us some thoughts on the gross unit additions for 2022. In another words, you're trying to get a feel for whether how much of the acceleration in growth additions in 2021 is the opening pickup pushed from 2020 to 2021. And kind of what that may look like past that the impact of those openings sliding into 2021. Thank you.
RobinFarley: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks. I was actually surprising how many rooms are under construction very similar to what it was a year ago. And actually, given everything that's gone on, I would have thought that new starts would have made that number lower but it it's fairly consistent and it's only 1,000 rooms different than a year ago. So that's why it seemed potentially encouraging for 2022 but --
RobinFarley: And then just one quick follow up, can you give a little more color around the put option? It's just -- when you -- we normally look at your, what's added back for restructuring or for acquisition costs related to Starwood obviously, that production is a significant amount. So just a little bit of color around that. Thank you.
RobinFarley: And as the value of the hotel improves over the next two years or between now and late 2024. You would reverse some of the loss I would assume value that's being run through.
