Anthony Capuano: Of course. So on the signing side, we continue to see strong development committee volume. We continue to see strong franchise application volume in most markets around the world. The construction we're seeing in the debt markets for new construction, particularly here in the U.S. is lengthening the cycle even a bit longer in terms of getting shovels in the ground but we're quite encouraged about the consistency we've seen in the volume of under-construction projects in our pipeline. In fact, we were looking at it over the last few days. As you saw in our release, we continue to have a little over 200,000 rooms under construction.  It's actually the 20th straight quarter where we had more than 200,000 rooms under construction globally. The market in China is most certainly -- where we're seeing the most challenges. The disproportionate share of our projects in the pipeline in China, in fact, about 60% are in the luxury and upper -- upscale tier, principally in primary markets, which are -- well, the combination of those quality tiers in those markets caused those projects to be the most significant fee generators, but they are more complex development projects, and it takes a little longer for them to get open in a market like China. But broadly, we continue to see really powerful interest in our portfolio of brands. And we're maybe most encouraged by the volume both on signings and openings in the conversion tier.
Anthony Capuano: Yes, of course. So let me start macro and then I'll try to get a little more precise in reference to your specific question. 2023 group revenue on the book is currently pacing down about 11% relative to '19, although candidly, you heard Leeny's comments about the short booking window on transient, a similarly short booking window on group. And so I don't know that looking at that down 11% is particularly relevant. Even for Q4 this year, we're up 4%, and we think that will likely improve through the quarter, given the strength of short-term bookings and the trade that many of our customers are making for flexibility and they're willing to pay a higher rate.  When I look deeper into what's on the books for 2023, room nights are down in the high teens. ADR is actually up close to about 10%. And then I think your second question was really about when that business is being booked? I guess I'll try to give you some 2022 data that is hopefully indicative of the trends we're seeing. About 50% of the group business we've seen year-to-date in 2022 was booked in the year, for the year. That's about double what we saw pre-pandemic, where typically, we'd see about 25% of our total group volume being booked in the year, for the year.
Anthony Capuano: Yes. Of course. So as we mentioned in the release on the acquisition, and I think, I at least touched on this in my prepared remarks, the acquisition initially is focused on the CALA region. We are equally excited about the growth prospects for mid-scale across CALA and what this transaction does for us in terms of further strengthening our footprint across this really important region. As with many acquisitions that we've done over the years, once we close, once we start rolling in CALA, we will, of course, evaluate the applicability of this platform as to whether it makes sense to roll out some or all of the sub-brands under the City Express banner into other markets around the world. But right now, we're focused on getting the transaction closed.
Anthony Capuano: Well, as you know, we are not in the mid-scale segment in the U.S. Certainly, this acquisition gives us the opportunity to evaluate whether it makes sense to enter mid-scale in any other market inclusive of the U.S.
Anthony Capuano: Of course. So again, outside of Greater China, which is quite a volatile environment, we're pretty encouraged about what we're seeing around the world in terms of new construction starts. We are certainly not back to the peak of 2019, but as I mentioned earlier, new construction starts in the U.S. and Canada reached the highest quarterly level we've seen since the start of the pandemic.
Anthony Capuano: Yes. Maybe I'll take a high-level shot at this, and Leeny can jump in with some more color. I don't see our tried-and-true philosophical approach to investment in projects changing even in this environment. Certainly, the competitive environment gets more competitive by the day, but we will use the say -- or apply the same disciplined lens that we've applied in the past. And among the long list of reasons, we'll continue to take that approach over the years when you look at the projects where we've leveraged the company's balance sheet to get to accelerate growth, those are projects that tend to generate outsized fee volumes.
Anthony Capuano: Thank you, Patrick. Again, the -- some of the murkiness that's out there causes us to be reluctant to give you a hard number. What I will tell you is we are encouraged by deal volume. We are encouraged by the volume of under-construction projects. And maybe most notably in a debt constricted environment, we are particularly enthusiastic about the volume of conversion deals we're approving and signing, the volume of conversion deals that we're opening, and the volume of conversion discussions we're having, both on individual projects and multiunit opportunities.
Anthony Capuano: And maybe the only thing I would add, we obviously have brought back all of our quality metrics, so our QA audits, our RAN standards, you might think that the owners would baulk at that, I think, quite the contrary. They care deeply about their neighbors within the portfolio and continue to encourage us to bring back and enforce those standards. And then similarly, we obviously gave our owners and franchisees a measure of relief on renovation cycle at the very bottom of the trough of the pandemic.  We're bringing those requirements back but with some pragmatic perspective on hotels that are doing a terrific job on service as evidenced by those quality metrics and giving them the ability to selectively extend some of those renovation cycles.
Anthony Capuano: So maybe I'll take the first part, and Leeny can take the second. As I mentioned earlier, the vast majority of our owners are quite pleased that we've brought back our quality metrics and quality requirements they care, as you point out, meaningfully about the quality of the overall portfolio.  While there may be some pockets of frustration, I think there's also a broad understanding that it was appropriate to suspend those processes during the depths of the pandemic and that it will take us a bit now that they are reinstated to get back to having enough empirical data to be a little firmer on enforcement.
Anthony Capuano: Sure. So at a macro level, we are, again, encouraged by the sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement in business transient. You'll recall that in the U.S. and Canada, BT was down almost 25% in the first quarter. That dropped to 13% in Q2 and just down 11% in Q3. As we've discussed in the past, small- and medium-sized companies, which are about 60% of those BT room nights are fully recovered. And in fact, in Q3, their room nights were up about 10%.  When you pivot to the larger companies, your comments are right. Special corporate, which tends to be a lot of those big companies, their room nights were down about 17% in the quarter. And when you start to look at the specific tiers within special corporate, you brought up tech as an example. They were down about 23% in the quarter. Trying to respond more qualitatively in terms of what we're hearing from them. I think it's really embedded in the short booking window. They absolutely talk about the value of face-to-face interaction with each other, with their customers, with their clients.  But they are also, again, much like our group customers willing to trade a bit of pricing for flexibility. And then the last thing I would say to try to address your question, we are relatively early in the special corporate rate negotiations. But what we're seeing in terms of the pricing and our growing confidence that we're going to end up at least with high single-digit year-over-year rates is pretty encouraging as well.
Anthony Capuano: It's not. It's not. I think the reality is a couple of factors are in play here that give us even more confidence about the runway we have for conversions. I think number 1 for Marriott, we've never had a better stack of conversion-friendly brands and across multiple quality tiers, which is really encouraging for us. Number two, we talked a bit about the constriction in the debt markets. There is meaningfully, not meaningfully -- relatively more debt available for existing assets than there is new construction but the same lenses from the lender's perspective apply, brand affiliation, track record.  And so in order to source the debt that is available for existing assets, I think you see existing owners and buyers of assets thinking longer and harder about brand affiliation. And then I think third, I mentioned this in response to 1 of the earlier questions, the uptick we've seen in multiunit conversion discussions is a little different than what we've seen at the tail end of other cycles.
Anthony Capuano: Great. Well, thank you all again for joining us this morning. Thanks for your continued interest in Marriott. Get back on the road, we look forward to seeing you in our hotels in the coming weeks and months. Have a great day.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes, sure. Thanks, Shaun. As you say, there obviously continues to be a fair amount of uncertainty about the possible recession given the Fed's continued rise in rates and economic headwinds that do continue to grow. But I think we've got some things in our business that really do lead us to confidence about 2023, although we are not predicting per se a recession. We clearly believe there does continue to be pent-up travel demand, particularly in parts of the world where the borders are just opening. We're also seeing just generally a desire for travel and services as compared to goods, which we do see strongly in leisure. Also see, as we think about kind of the overall macro environment that there is pent-up savings for the consumer.  So we'll have to see. But again, from where we sit right now and as we look into the booking trends moving into 2023, we continue to see strength across all the business segments, Shaun. And then the last thing I would say is the reality is our booking window is still short. So at roughly 3 weeks for transient bookings, things could change relatively quickly. But for the signs that we see right now, we feel good about 2023. Obviously, Q1 is a particularly hopeful item given we had Omicron in the first quarter of 2022.
Kathleen Oberg: So we're in the middle of our budget process, Joe. So we obviously aren't getting to where we're talking about specifics on RevPAR growth of '23 over '22. I think what we've seen this year is credit card fees frankly being up over 20% year-to-date this year. And I think for the full year, obviously, our guidance implies the same. So I think you'll continue to see growth in the cardholders and then growth in spend. But whether it matches exactly RevPAR, we're not in a position to say specifically.  Obviously, when you look at compared to '19, those credit card fees have grown meaningfully more than hotel-related fees because of COVID and the steady growth in cardholders and credit card spend each and every year as we've moved through 2019. But I -- again, broadly speaking, we are looking at growth of non-RevPAR fees in 2023, both from credit cardholders as well as spend. But the relative array of growth compared to RevPAR, we will get closer to as we move through the budget process, but we're looking for healthy growth in both.
Kathleen Oberg: The only thing I'd add is that we are not seeing that we are increasing our financing support or investment support in a meaningful way for deals. I think at the end of the day, the first mortgage loans that projects are looking for do not typically come from Marriott and that has not changed. In terms of debt service guarantees, operating profit guarantees and key money, I would say we continue to see them in the same kind of frequency and proportion as we've seen in the past.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes, sure. So let's talk about a couple of things. First of all, just from the dollar size, David, we were at $35 million of IMFs or about 1/3 from the U.S. and Canada, and that is pretty similar to what it was in Q3 '19. It was 39%. Now it was 26% of overall hotels in the U.S. and Canada earning incentive fees in Q3 and 56% in '19. But it's important to break out full service from limited service because the reality is that we had a large portfolio back in '19 of managed limited service hotels, which, as you know, left our system over a year ago.  So if you actually look at full service, we're actually at a slightly higher percentage of hotels earning IMFs in full service than we were in '19. And again, as we talked about before, in my comments that you saw house profit margins at our full-service hotels, up 200 basis points compared to '19 with our strong RevPAR performance and really strong efforts on the cost containment side. So I -- we feel good about what's going on. We've talked about -- hoped for expected growth in RevPAR in 2023, both U.S. and internationally, which should bode well for continued progress on incentive fees.  Obviously, wage and benefit growth is something we're keeping an eye on, which has moderated a bit, although it still reflects the fact that we're in an inflationary environment. And then the last thing I'll say is we've continued to see improvement in the large urban markets where we've got a number of managed Full-Service hotels in the U.S. And we've seen nice progress as we moved into Q3 in some of those urban markets, and we expect them to continue on as we move into 2023 with that recovery.
Kathleen Oberg: So fundamentally, the fee structures have not changed. So I would say, while we did things that on a temporary basis like helped on the reducing reimbursable costs and helping with extensions on accounts receivable, they were all really overwhelmingly temporary things. And then also, if you remember, 85% of the things that we charge are based on top line revenues of the hotel. So they flex as the revenues go up and down, which is helpful to the hotel owners.  I think you see things like what we've talked about on our direct digital bookings, things like that, which do help the hotel margins by coming through that channel rather than coming through the OTAs as an example, all the productivity efforts that we've done to help improve our productivity per room. We've obviously worked very hard to make sure that we can make the most out of every revenue dollar that comes through the hotels. But as far as structural changes in the contracts, there's nothing really to look for there.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes. I think we definitely see that we could perform relatively better than we had in prior recessions. You've definitely got unemployment rates right now that are truly at historic lows. And while certainly what is happening with interest rates would be expected over time to influence that. We are a far cry from the 9.5% that we were in the great recession.  And similarly, when you think about pent-up savings and the desire for people to take and do travel to not assume that they can put it off that they really don't want to postpone it and that there is still both business and leisure trips that families and consumers want to make. And while consumer health is something that we will be watching extremely closely, for the moment, there does look to be some extra room there that could help as we go into a potential recession.
Kathleen Oberg: The only part that I would add is that for the owners who did do some renovations during COVID, I think the results that they're seeing are powerful. And I think our good incentive for other owners to do the same. We did -- as Tony mentioned, we did give owners a bit of a pass in the heart of COVID to help everybody manage through the pandemic. But I think as we are coming out of it, I think the entire industry recognizes the importance of having both product and service up to where our consumers, our guests expect them to be given the prices that people are paying.  So we do expect there to be additional renovations and frankly, probably a pickup in renovations now that we're largely through that impact and believe that the returns on those renovations will be strong. For the time being, we certainly continue to see that our -- we expect our deletion rate to stay in this 1% to 1.5% rate that we've talked about for several years. We will, as we get into the new year, refine that a bit as we go through the entire budget process. But I think that sort of range should be your expectation.
Kathleen Oberg: Sure. So let's talk -- I'm going to reference back to Tony's comments about where roughly 60% of our BT in Q3 was from small- and medium-sized companies. And that, frankly, is sprinkled all over the country. So that's going to be everywhere from New York to Tulsa to smaller markets that are -- at limited-service hotels rather than -- the larger special corporate accounts obviously are more headquartered in the urban large cities.  The thing I will say is we've continued to see progress as we move too along. When you think of, for example, you think of New York City, which has moved quite nicely during the year, with the improvement in BT, where they were down 29% in Q1. Today New York City was actually 3% higher in Q3 than 2019. So I think you will continue to see the progress, the trends in BT are similar, both internationally as well as in the U.S. I do think as we move into 2023, a lot of this world depend on the state of the economy. So kind of having a prediction about exactly where BT will go, it is tough to pinpoint.  We do look for continued improvement and think it will ultimately get back to where it was, but the exact timing of that hard to say. And then the last thing I'll point out is just the reality that we have seen it moderate in terms of its rate of improvement as we've moved into Q3, and I would expect to see that moderation continue.
