Leeny Oberg: Thank you, operator. Before we begin, I wanted to take a moment to remember Laura Paugh, a trusted and valued friend and colleague to many of us on this call. As most of you know, Laura tragically passed away after a car accident a few weeks ago. Laura was smart, helpful, witty and unfailingly honest to all who knew her. We'll miss her incredible spirit and are committed to honor her legacy at Marriott. Laura's family was her greatest achievement and we're holding them in our thoughts and prayers. And now I'll turn the call over to Jackie.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So I think generally as we've talked about the credit cards, it's been a tremendously resilient and steady force in our fees over the past few years. And as you've probably heard us say, we actually saw credit card fees in Q1 2020 up 26%, compared to 2019. So they are really and obviously up a whole lot over last year as well. So it's a combination of two things, given one is that we continue to see overall credit card spend increase, and then our new card acquisition growth has also been impressive. So I think as you continue to see that moving forward, that's a strength. The other thing is, obviously we are a card that tends to be loved by people who love to travel. And so there again, as you see people returning to travel, I think that's also a great incentive with all the Bonvoy points that they earn. So I think you'll continue to see that be a strong force in the growth in our fees this year. And as you think about the cash flow, there are two points that I'd make on working capital. One is that generally speaking, as you remember, we are a negative working capital business overall, and as the company recovery continues, I think that trend will continue to show itself from the standpoint that our fees get paid so quickly, while it's not always the case that our payables have to be paid quite as quickly. So that will continue to help us on the working capital side. And as you pointed out, on loyalty we have moved from where we thought it was a slight source of cash to a slight use of cash as a result of higher redemptions. You know, I think you should expect as the year moves on that that will continue. But that is our current forecast for the year that ties in to these RevPAR numbers that we've talked about in the U.S.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, Shaun, just to add one point to that, Q2, obviously there's a meaningful improvement in RevPAR obviously to get to this roughly flat kind of guidance that we've given. And to Tony's point, it's really when you start looking further out, that while we have seen tremendous in the quarter for the quarter, in the year for the year Group bookings, we have really given you what we see today. So from that standpoint, the variability that we've seen, we would agree that hopefully that adds some positivity as we move through the year, but we're really talking about what we see today.
Leeny Oberg: So yes, obviously, it's too soon to be talking about how we're really looking at credit cards then for 2023. But I think one thing to remember is that the residential is lumpy. So just as a reminder, last year, for example, we had $67 million in fees in 2021 for residential and the year before that, it was well under half of that. So just remember that that's a terrifically strong business for us and we love what we see in terms of signings and performance. But it is based on the pace of those sales of those residences and so it does vary up and down. But on the credit card part, which is, as you know, you know, well over half of the total number of, for example, 170 in the first quarter, I think steady as she goes, not willing to give a particular growth percentage, but I think it is really both a combination of strength of the consumer, so we're assuming that there's not a big change in the macroeconomic picture, and then number two is the connection to Bonvoy and to our overall system. And I think that that has definitely been part of what you're seeing in the growth. Just to remind you where we were pre-COVID is that the credit card growth within the high single digits pre-COVID, now obviously, we've seen better numbers than that as we're coming out of it.
Leeny Oberg: The other thing, just when you look at the pipeline, which is one of the kind of the interesting ways to look at it, Asia Pacific is basically roughly double the existing penetration of 17% split fairly evenly between China and APAC. And then I would say, for  and Europe, the pipeline is fairly similar relative to current proportions of the existing portfolio, though I will remind you, we had a very large conversion deal in  last year where they, you know, the conversions entered the pipeline quickly, and then actually opened, so it can vary. The other kind of disproportionate pipeline area is Middle East, Africa, where it's currently about 4% of our rooms, but it's about 9% of our pipeline. And then obviously, in the U.S., as we've talked about before, it's a bit lower relative to our existing makeup because of the strength in international.
Leeny Oberg: So the best way to think about it, I think, is in terms of nights and redemption nights are in the ballpark of 5% to 6% of our total overall nights. So just when you think about that, that obviously can be someone going to see somebody where it's at a hotel that is not very full, and so then the redemption rate that is paid to that hotel is actually lower than RevPAR, or it can be at a high redemption hotel, where it is obviously more like typical average daily rate. But I think overall, the best way to think about it is roughly 5% of total rooms.
Leeny Oberg: So I'll start on the wage pressures, and then we'll kind of tag team as we go through this Smedes. You know, there's no doubt if you remember, in the U.S. for us that the average hourly salary from January 21 to December of 21 was about a 10% increase. So, I mean, there's no doubt that in certain markets and certain hotels, places that that to get the hiring done, really did require some meaningful work. And what we are finding now that as, frankly, the world returns to a bit more normal pace of everything from availability of childcare, to the government subsidies winding down to, frankly, people feeling more comfortable about being in the workplace, that we have had an easier time getting positions filled, and we're basically back to a position of being relatively consistent with pre-pandemic levels of open positions. I'm really talking about the U.S. here. Now, I think certainly as you've described, we do expect to continue to have strong pressures on the wage and benefits front, we've worked incredibly hard on scheduling and productivity measures to make sure that we're managing the hotels the best way we can with also providing great service to the guests. And so right now, we've been thrilled to see that even with RevPAR our managed hotels, that RevPAR is meaningfully down compared to 2019, that our managed margins are similar. And we do expect to continue to see gains in occupancy as we move forward, which will be helpful. So we will keep some of this productivity gains, maybe 200 basis points ish around the world to help us offset inflation. But we're really glad that we reprice our rooms every night in terms of ADR, because there's no doubt that that's been a big help in managing these margins. And on the recession front, I guess I would point out two things. Number one, even though we saw a pretty tough GDP number come out recently, I think the factors behind it really point to actually a pretty strong economy. You've got really strong job additions in the U.S., you've got generally two jobs available for every person that's looking for a job, you've seen greater participation rates in chunks of the population. You've also seen that consumer spending continues to be really strong. And while the export markets for us were tough, I think in many respects, because of COVID in other parts of the world, they're really, I think there's good reason to think that the U.S. economy will continue to march along. Now, as we see what the Fed could do, that obviously could have a slowing impact. But we think there is still pent up demand and we believe that we'll continue to see strong demand for our hotels.
Leeny Oberg: Just one other data point that I think you'd find interesting is that, in Q1 the average group size for all new loop bookings is actually up relative to Q1 2019 and one of the main factors is the length of stay. The length of stay is up 26% compared to 2019. So to Tony's point, I think there is a strong, compelling view that people being together to collaborate and to kind of have these meetings and be traveling, seeing your customers is still an important component of their business.
Leeny Oberg: Thank you very much. No, I think this is kind of the tail end of some of the government subsidies. These were specifically in Europe. And similar to some other places that we've seen during COVID it required immense amounts of data submissions, and applications put in that then needed some time to be processed by the various governments. So these are all related to 2020 and 2021 sorts of expenses on the part of the hotels, because much of this relates to our owned leased portfolio, support of the associates there that then the government supported. So we -- you may remember that we had about $18 million of these subsidies in 2021. Then we have $33 million that we've talked about here today, and I would not expect additional subsidies going forward.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, no, absolutely. I -- couple things as reminder, this is a fairly similar pattern to how we did it coming out of the great recession, which is to give ourselves a time to see how the recovery is moving forward. So assuming that we continue to see the strength that we are seeing and that our bookings are showing, I would expect that we will obviously continue the dividend and fairly, in fairly short order, get it back to the kind of payout levels that we had prior to the pandemic. Share repurchase is obviously the much more flexible part of our capital return strategy. And so there, we've got some gatekeepers. We really want to absolutely feel comfortable about the positioning in our 3 to 3.5 times adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA range, that's an important part. And as I talked about in my comments, we're very close to that. And we will, with the kind of cash generation that our business model has, we'll get there very quickly. But we do want to be squarely in that range and feel comfortable that with possible volatility, that we're in good shape to stay there. So I think you will see as we've talked about, that assuming things continue as they are, I would expect that you will see both, the dividend continue, as well as the share repurchase. The timing of when we may have a dividend increase David, is really all around the pace of acceleration, whether this pace of acceleration continues or whether it's different. I just think we need a little bit more time to feel comfortable, because the one thing you know, once we raise that dividend, we want to make sure that we're comfortable to keep it there. We're very comfortable with the $0.30, and we'll be looking at it literally every single month as we move forward.
Leeny Oberg: Sure, absolutely. So, interestingly, Fridays, and Saturdays we definitely were seeing in March that they were right around pre-pandemic levels. The shoulder days of Thursday and Sunday, were down a bit mid-single-digit compared to 2019. Monday through Wednesday, they were down more in the mid teens. So that's where you classically can see. What Tony talked about earlier is that some of the special corporate negotiated business you would classically think are the Monday through Wednesday nights, they are probably the last to come back in terms of comparison to 2019, but again, improving nicely as we moved from January to February to March.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, sure. So two things that I would say, a couple facts for you, just to give you perspective. I think again, we were really pleased with the IMFs in Q1. They were again, roughly 40% coming from the U.S. and Canada and frankly, that's only down so call that $40 million, that's only down from the high $50s millions in 2019, while RevPAR is obviously still down in the mid teens for those hotels in the U.S. So it's really impressive performance. In Q1 of 2019 56% of the U.S. hotels paid an IMF while in Q1 this year, we're at 12%. So to your point, there is a way to go and it obviously is they're much stronger in the luxury and resort hotels. It's a bit of a step function, where so many hotels have this jump from an owners priority in the U.S. to then where they actually earn that, there's not, I can't point to one particular kind of demarcation point that will tell you that we can jump. In the international it is much more aligned with what happens with base fees, because as you know, there with every dollar of profit we get a percentage with, without an owner's priority in many of the hotels. So in the U.S., obviously the big weakness right now is still on the occupancy side and that will help us particularly in the large cities as we continue to see gains in the premium hotels in the big cities. But there's unfortunately not one particular place that says if we get to ADR of whatever it is or RevPAR that that's going to clinch it. But again, one of the points that that I made during my comments, we're really pleased to see the margins being similar to 2019 levels and we're hopeful that that will continue for the rest of the year that we're able to hold on to this kind of margin performance for the full year for these manageable service hotels in the U.S. and that will obviously get us more IMF. If you remember, you can only recognize IMF as you look at your four year forecast. So that's one of the other things as we continue to move through the year, we'll have more visibility about the full year forecast for these hotels, which will also be helpful.
Leeny Oberg: And Robin, it's worth noting that the rate for 2023 has improved relative to a quarter ago, when we look at the rate on the group pace for 2023. And as Tony said, we would continue to expect to see in the year for the year bookings.
Leeny Oberg: And on your question about loyalty, no meaningful impact. So, loyalty redemptions have been about 5% of our room nights pre-pandemic and are now. So they kind of fit in with the overall scheme of how those hotels are doing, depending on what market and what tier they are. So no particular impact that's any different from when we normally look at our RevPAR performance.
Leeny Oberg: And I'll turn it on the financial side is just a reminder that this is extremely small relative to kind of the overall size of Marriott from a financial standpoint, really across the spectrum of both investment as well as profitability. And from that perspective, I would expect to see it the same way moving forward. This has been a really important part of our overall ecosystem, and when we think about it, 90% of the bookings in HBMI  or from Bonvoy member, and that is just great recognition of the extra strength that it gives our overall system. But from an overall perspective to Marriott, I would not expect for you to see it be a meaningful part of our earnings stream in the near-term.
Anthony Capuano: Great question. I'll answer it a few ways. As you know, many of the development projects that we entertain in Greater China come to us when they are well under construction. And so one of the metrics we use to evaluate growth pace is intake of MOUs or LOIs and we've seen pretty steady pace of MOU intake, even during the impact of the zero COVID policy across China. We have seen some construction interruption as we've seen here in the U.S. But for the first time, we're starting to see some real traction on the conversion side, which has not historically been particularly active source of rooms growth across Greater China.
Anthony Capuano: There's a bit of conservatism in that outlook, but that conservatism is driven by what we've seen in terms of the booking windows. So we have much less visibility into Q3 and Q4, because the booking windows have been shortening generally and then the trend towards shorter group bookings is even more acute. And so we've shared with you the continued strength in leisure. We've talked to you a bit about the fact that we saw really strong group numbers at the end of the first quarter. We're feeling good about the last three quarters. But again, we're dealing with quite short booking windows. And the same is true with business transient. I think it's that murkiness of visibility in the back half of the year that's causing us not to be more bullish in terms of forecasting.
Anthony Capuano: And maybe just to illustrate that even a little further Shaun, we look at the Group activity in the U.S. and Canada in April. April was the eighth straight month where in the year for the year bookings were ahead of where we were in 2019. So great news for our business, but creates a bit more challenges into looking into Q3 and Q4.
Anthony Capuano: Of course. So in the U.S. and Canada, business transient room nights were down as we said in the prepared remarks between 10% and 15% in March. That's obviously a very meaningful improvement over what we saw in the fourth quarter, where business transient room nights were down about 30%. As you might expect, the volume coming out of small and medium sized companies has effectively fully recovered while the demand from larger companies still has a bit of the hill to climb to get back to where we were pre-pandemic. But we continue to see that improvement just more slowly than what we've seen from the small and medium sized companies.
Anthony Capuano: I'm not sure I understand exactly your question, but let me give it a shot. The -- as we've talked about in the past, our developer and owner and franchisee community, they tend to be long-term investors in the sector. They don't as a general rule try to time construction starts or opening in a given month or a given quarter based on what they're seeing. I do think as we talked about last quarter, the availability of debt financing has likely been the single biggest impediment to an acceleration of new construction, particularly in the U.S. and Canada. And as that flow of debt capital starts to free up a little bit, that's why I think we're seeing a parallel increase in construction starts. It could actually be some pent up demand, but they're starting to believe, based on the statistics, that the recovery really has momentum and it's inspiring a bit more confidence in that development community to start putting shovels in the ground.
Anthony Capuano: Yes, I'll have Jackie or Betsy give you the specific statistics. What I can tell you is, several quarters ago the composition of the pipeline pivoted towards a higher percentage of international. We're in the low 60% of the total pipeline is outside the U.S. And in terms of the relative pace of growth international versus domestic, we see international growing roughly twice as rapidly as our domestic rooms growth.
Anthony Capuano: And that's a great point on Middle East Leeny. In fact, if you look back pre-pandemic, Middle East rooms grew at about 6.5%. Last year, they grew closer to 8% and this year, they could grow in the mid teens.
Anthony Capuano: I think you said the second part of your question was really around big multinationals and attitudinally how they are thinking about travel going forward. I'll speak both anecdotally and then statistically, whether it's meeting with big multinationals here domestically. I was in Europe last week and met with about 30 travel managers for multinationals across Europe. There's a bit of a tug of war right now, I think between managing travel costs and being mindful of carbon footprint, and that's being pulled by the absolute desire to collaborate with colleagues, meet with customers, immerse new employees into corporate cultures. And the statistics, particularly that improvement to down 10% to 15% in business transient, which suggests that that appetite for the benefits of in-person interaction or are starting to win that tug of war a bit.
Anthony Capuano: Yes, nothing particularly -- particular in terms of the calendar, not yet. We didn't see any particular impact from the timing of Easter. I think our view is generally it's just continued pace of demand recovery acceleration.
Anthony Capuano: And then I think, given that pattern David, you also see it manifest itself a little bit in terms of rate. ADR on the weekends was about 4% higher than it was on weekdays in the quarter.
Anthony Capuano: Yes, yes and yes is the short answer. I think, Chad, the even pre-pandemic, whether it be because of what we were hearing from our customers, what we thought would act as an accelerant to the appeal of the Bonvoy platform, we have been very focused on continuing to accelerate the growth of our resort portfolio. Similarly, we saw both from a development perspective and a guest perspective, tremendous appetite for all inclusive experiences in certain markets, and whole home rentals for certain trip types. I think you will continue to see us look at organic growth in all of those areas. And as has always been the case, continue to look at portfolio deals like what we did with Sunwing last year in the all inclusive space.
Anthony Capuano: Great, I'll take the first one, Robin. So as we talked about 2022, we talked about the first quarter being down about 30. The remaining three quarters being down high single digits, which give us confidence that we will end up down 15-ish for 2022, although that could improve meaningfully given the short-term booking window that we've seen. As we look into 2023, looking at what's on the books today, we're down about 15% relative to 2019. But take my comment about booking window we think there is massive opportunity to close that gap between now and the beginning of 2023.
Anthony Capuano: When we talked to you last quarter Robin, about group, 2023 ADR was pacing up about 4%. As we sit here today, we're up about 6.5%.
Anthony Capuano: So I'll try to answer that qualitatively and Leeny may provide a little color in terms of margins. I would say, we are making good progress trying to strike that right balance. We will be landing on our housekeeping solution and announcing that probably towards the end of the second quarter. I think in the markets where demand has recovered most quickly, I think we're doing a particularly strong job of striking that right balance. In some of the urban markets, where demand has been a bit more slow to recover, I think we are on the right path, but we still have some work to do in front of us.
Anthony Capuano: Sure. So I think we talked last quarter, the growth of the platform itself in terms of listings has been pretty remarkable. Pre-pandemic, we had 2000 to 3000 listings. We find ourselves today with about 57,000 listings at the end of the first quarter, still tiny relative to some of the peers in that space. But again, I think distinguished a bit because the composition of our portfolio is 100% multi-bedroom full homes. These are not spare rooms or couches or anything else. These are full, multi-bedroom homes. As you would expect with that sort of exponential growth in the sheer volume of listings, we've seen a very meaningful uptick in the revenue coming through that platform.
Anthony Capuano: Thank you, operator. First, let me thank you all for your heartfelt condolences. I know how special Laura was to you both as a friend and a colleague, so thank you for those kind words. Thanks for your interest and participation today and we look forward to seeing you on the road in the coming weeks and months. Have a great day, thanks. 
