Arne Sorenson: The -- so expense reduction is -- involved a lot of things from property level all the way up through the company, and I think general start with the property level which is to maintain everybody in the industry obviously. I think what we have done over the last few years is to look at every expensive item coming through the hotels. Procurement is obvious. Heat, light and power of course is significant as well, but labor is the most, labor benefits is the most significant piece of that. And we've done what we can to enhance efficiencies in those areas. Generally, the changes we've made around management staffing, we think can stick. So, fewer managers at many full service hotels particularly were running much more efficiently and we think that that can be maintained even as occupancy builds. Obviously, with the hourly staff that will grow with grow with occupancy, and we think, we'll continue to fight to make sure we maintain the management efficiencies, the procurement efficiencies and the like. And I think in many respects the same thing applies in above the property level where we've done everything we can around, efficiencies in staffing levels.  I think the one thing here besides having to hire to meet occupancy, that will impact us is the return of some compensation to bonus eligible where the management ranks, so many of them got no increases in base pay over the last year, or year and a half. That's not sustainable and for the bonus eligible workforce, they were either at zero or near zero than any of them would like to be, and that's not sustainable either, so we'll see that come back in. I think your questions on the time share side and margins there, we've had tremendous improvement in sales and marketing cost as the percentage of sales, compared to a year ago. That is really about finding efficiencies, but it's also about no longer chasing the most expensive leads that we had to -- that we did chase in the past. And by pulling both of those things back, we've really reduced the sales and marketing percentages. I think as we move to the points program, it's still very early, we really had only 27 days or something like that of sales of the new product, and it's brand new to our sales force. But we are really encouraged by what's happened so far.  We are optimistic that with the new product and its flexibility, we will see higher closing percentages. In other words the percentage of folks that we give a tour to, how many buy and if we can move that up and maintain recently healthy volume per sale, we should see margins continue to improve.
Arne Sorenson: It's going to be interesting to see the -- a couple of comments on Q3 and Q4. We've obviously given you guidance on Q3 specifically. There is no guidance under than what's implied between our full year numbers and our Q3 numbers for REVPAR for Q4. We've got a couple of things going on now. Obviously you see the great progress in rate performance from over the course of our second quarter, so our fourth period rate was still down year-over-year, fifth period up a point and sixth period up three points. We expect to continue to see a good performance around rate, which is essential obviously because the occupancy comparisons get to be a little bit tougher.  The rate that we have been able to drive so far is by and large driven by business travel, and corporate groups and we had comments by both of those in our prepared remarks. I think as we look at the next couple of months we are in a bit more of a leisure season, leisure though performing well at a year-over-year basis is not performing as well as the business travel is, and so to the extent where in leisure intensive times, that's a little bit of challenge, but as we get back to our this year corporate and corporate group season in the fourth quarter, we think that that should help us even that the occupancy comparisons get a little bit tougher.  Compared to a quarter ago, if we how to see raise the lower end of our guidance, I think we're feeling as a consequence a bit more confidence in the REVPAR numbers that we got out there on the table. At the same time I think you should view our REVPAR guidance as been a reaffirmation and a steady state comment what we said a quarter ago, which is reflective of healthy demand and increasing strength around pricing, we think we will continue to get and post positive, substantially positive REVPAR growth.
Arne Sorenson: It's going to take a few years. I think you can look at model what happened coming out of the last recession; it's probably the best place to start. We obviously haven't built a detailed model for 2011 yet but what you can see coming out of the last experience is we took a number of years to get back to the same dollars of incentive management fees and then it was a few years beyond that before we got to the same percentages of hotels that had incentive fee provisions that were actually paying incentive fees. Obviously, it's going to depend a lot on REVPAR growth, it's going to take a number of years to get back to the 65 to 70% or so of hotels that would pay incentive fees.
Arne Sorenson: We dropped our pricing aggressively a year ago. So second quarter 2009 we had discounts available 15 to 25% depending on the kind of buyer and not necessarily every resort and I am talking about core Timeshare, here not about fractional project. I think as we go into 2010 again we will watch our points develop but I suspect we will do meaningfully less discounting with the points product than we were doing last year and so pound for pound we think the pricing will be increasing.
Arne Sorenson: The termination fees that we would anticipate would have been in the Q2 and obviously the Q2 numbers we have rolled through for that full year guidance.
Arne Sorenson: It's still a little early. I mean, for better or worse our presence on the Gulf Coast, we look at about 15 full service hotels. They are mostly on the West Coast of Florida. We have generally seen very little in terms of cancellations. We suspect that there is a bit of a decline in new bookings thought. It varies a little bit from hotel to hotel and market to market. As a consequence, we have done some things to reassure our customers that if the oil shows up where they book, there will be certain compensating factors around cancellation or around other credits and discounts that would apply to kind of make sure that we're sharing in that risk with them. But we're going to have to watch it. While it's been out there for months now, because it hasn't hit the Gulf Coast, the West Coast really in a significant way, so far it hasn't been terribly pronounced but we're watching it carefully.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, absolutely, yes. I mean a typical formula in the U.S. would be something like the first dollars of profit until the owners received a 10%-ish return on historically invested capital. A 100% of that goes to the owner. And only dollars beyond that do we get an incentive fee from and probably those incentive fees range from 20 to 25% at the low-end, 40 or 50% at the high-end. And so that would be our share of the profits above that or as priority. You get to China by comparison and typically there would be no owner's priority and we will get something in the absolutely low-end 6 or 8%, maybe up to 12% at the high-end. But again, that's a percentage of the first dollar of profit.
Arne Sorenson: No, I don't think so. I'm not sure if I tracked you completely, Janet. We've got a couple of things going on here. We've obviously got a new program for brand new buyers, which is this Points program, and we are selling out of twenty resorts today, something like that, where we have inventory that has been completed.  So that's a significant portfolio already which gives those owners considerable flexibility, those new owners. But in addition to that, we are giving our 350,000 current owners, something like that, 350 to 400,000 current owners, the ability to elect to participate in the new program where in effect they can put their week, traditional week purchase program in and there are thousands of those who are already choosing to do that.  And as they do that, which we anticipated, as they do that, that product too will be added to this Points portfolio and given even more flexibility.
Arne Sorenson: Not materially. You're talking about 600 bucks or something like that, I'm not sure precisely what it is. But it's a few hundred bucks and it'll -- there is real cost in managing both the launch of the Destinations program and the conversion of the Legacy program into traditional Destination Point. So we might collect a few million dollars of conversion fees, but we are spending at least that if -- significantly more than that in launching this new program.
Arne Sorenson: That would be more of a peak number. I think our all time high was in the 72 range. I think in 2007 we didn't quiet get back to the 72 range and we – again, please don't take all of this as if it has been fully analyzed, because it's hasn't. This is something we are working on now. I think our sense is we ought to get back near the 2007 kinds of numbers.  But a lot of that depends on how many years of REVPAR growth we have and what that does to profitability. And the longer the run in terms of recovery, if it's six or seven or eight years, the higher that percentage gets, because inevitably we've got some number of hotels that entered the system at peak times. Remember the formula we talked about before. So if I built a hotel, or bought a hotel and converted it to a Marriott for the first time in 2006 or 2007, when evaluations were at their peak, at 10% return on that capital invested in 2006 or 2007 is a pretty big hurdle to get over. And some number of those hotels will never get over that hurdle, as they may have been brought at 5% cap rates based on peak cash flow.  Let's see. On the REVPAR, I guess the other question you asked was REVPAR limited service versus full service. I think there are a few things that are going on here. One is about supply. So the supply growth that we're seeing this year is still disproportionately limited service supply growth. We've grown our limited service brand significantly, but a number of our competitors have gone after our segment leading brands with their own entrants, and that's where much of their growth has been.  We are getting to the tail end 1 think of that growth, and as we get into next year, we should see that tail off, and that will be helpful I think to the REVPAR in those brands. 
Arne Sorenson: Yes, we're trying. Obviously the -- there is a lot we don't know and it's -- you do us a favor to ask the question because there is, not just on group bookings in the quarter, for the quarter, but transient bookings, business travel. There is only a tiny fraction of business transient travel for the fourth quarter which is out of books today. That is business that tends to show up a week before travel, something like that in bulk. And so the guidance that we've given you for the third quarter and that is implicit in our full year numbers for the fourth quarters is the best judgment that we've got.  We cannot look at what's on our books today and say that we know for certainty where it's going to be. But we're confident quite a bit by the breadth in demand growth that we're seeing from our business clients across the United States and the strength across the globe. It's not a -- it is the exception that is weaker at this point in time. So we're seeing good demand growth in the overwhelming majority of places. 
Arne Sorenson: It’s out from a year ago, but if you're saying change in the last few months is our concerns about Greece and Spain and others having….
Arne Sorenson: No. We are at the moment observing a sovereign debt crisis, which is not by itself impacting economic activity, and that's kind of economic activity that drives travel. There is a risk obviously that if that sovereign debt crisis develops in a way where it is having a broad impact and slowing the much less exciting and headline worthy economic growth, German exports and other things, then it will start to have an impact. And what we're seeing now is a meaningfully more active economy in many parts of the global compared to what it was a year ago. And remember all of these numbers we give you are 12 month comparisons. So, well, we feel really good the growth that's here, and 8% REVPAR growth in our second quarter of 2010 still leaves us a long way short of where we were in 2007. 
Arne Sorenson: It's about 15% we think now I think in, it's probably been as low as 1 or 12 or maybe 11 or 12% in room nights and full service hotels as probably a little bit more than that as it's growing significantly better and it should not be in that range I think as we go forward. We are probably not likely to have much more clarity a quarter from now than we do today. A quarter from now we will be well into those negotiations and generally today we are not but I would anticipate that a quarter from now relatively few of them will have been completed and so it's likely to be a year end kind of thing now. Ultimately as we get into to it, we think obviously that rate should be coming up and coming up meaningfully from where they were negotiated a year ago. I think there is no surprise in there that will like everything else that will leave the rates still substantially below where they were in 2007. So, those special corporate rates have dropped significantly and even if we came up in high single digits and or even 10% on those rates in special corporate accounts, it's going to leave us quite short of where we were in 2007. We will also see some dynamic underway which is that within the special corporate universe we have got relatively better business and relatively weaker business and some of that weaker business will find that it gets pushed out and that we end up with a little bit of a mix shift if you will even within special corporate. And both of those things will be relevant to what rate we are ultimately able to drive on average in 2011.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah I think generally -- we do have that data someplace here. Generally we're seeing recovery across the industry and remember how bleak things were in the second quarter of last year. While not every industry was hit as bad as the finance industry in 2009, everybody was watching what was happening in the economy and frightened by it and as a consequence it had an impact really on the travel patterns of virtually everything last year. I think we see obviously the financial industry is one of the big growth areas because it's backed so much more dramatically but we are seeing tech business is coming along well. Auto business was more than the year ago and there are good pockets of growth there. Consulting and insurance seems to be up significantly. I think generally we've got business back on the road.
Arne Sorenson: I can't give you an average off the top of my head. I don't know whether we've got that here or not. I suspect not. But we've had, there's been a lot of pressure on special corporate obviously over the last couple of years.
Arne Sorenson: Yeah, I think the, what's interesting is you look at the things that we're pricing today or getting ready to price today. We talked about corporate rec rates in prepared remarks but you also look at sort of retail rates that are available. So where we're pricing new incremental business today, were probably up in high single digit range from where we were a year ago. When we look at the group business we're pricing today for next year and comparing the way we priced it a year ago for this year, we're probably also up on average in the high single digits. And then of course we've talked a bit about special corporate which we're really not pricing today but which we'll be negotiating later this fall. And we would expect those rates to be up in the same general order of magnitude.
Arne Sorenson: Well, we do seem exposed in terms of running the business obviously which is more important than how we build the guidance but Mr. Marriott, and I and other executives across the company have been around the globe holding town halls with our teams and we've been in Shanghai and Beijing and San Antonio and Orlando and Washington and Charlotte and Frankfurt and Paris. I can name a few more if I had stopped and thought about it and in everyone of those we have said that the team get the rate up. And we're really trying to give them some courage to go out there and drive rate even though obviously there are some risks associated with that, and the primary risk is that we're going to lose some occupancy. And so we have been beating the drum on this since the first of the year if not a little bit before that and you know I can think vividly about conversations with customers in the fourth quarter of 2009, where the conversation we have with them was, fourth quarter 2009 is a great time to book if you know you're going to hold your meeting, it's a great time to book because rates have not started to move and if the recovery goes the way we would anticipate it, we wouldn't be at all surprised to see that rate begins to move in 2010. And as a consequence, things are going to get more expensive. And so we've been pushing that theme really very, very hard. I think as it comes to guidance, we apply the judgment herein but translate to what we see rolled up from the field. Those things are not independent of each other in the sense that we're having a constant communication with folks in our hotels and our revenue management teams and our executives who were overseen, big chunks of this business but generally I think what we have seen is our property level forecast have started to come up closer to the kind of guidance that we've been already providing you for now at least a couple of quarters because we could see at and we could see at based on experience in prior recessions that we would continue to see pricing build as demand remained high. And so really, if you compare our guidance today with a quarter ago, our guidance a quarter ago was add more judgment from our in it and last of the individual property forecast that were as aggressive as what we put out there. And today a quarter later, we've seen that many of the properties in the national order feel that their forecast have moved to where our judgments are.
Arne Sorenson: Well, I think whether it's centralized or distributed. You've got to give the team the cover to take the risk to drive rate and it's not going to happen by itself. So if you're simply sitting back and waiting for individual properties to stick your necks out in drive rate, you'll see that you're not been as aggressive as you can be, and so we've been very deliberate about giving them that cover.  We obviously also have a very sophisticated revenue management system which gives lots of guidance on a day-to-day basis by our property teams, true expertise, and they've been a great, a great partner and a great source of leadership in this biz.
Arne Sorenson: It's been primarily full service to date. I think it's been an Autograph, probably more than anything else. As we go forward, I suspect we'll see that continue, we are really gratified by the appetite that we are hearing from the ownership community to convert to Autograph. I'm really pleased by the results of the early hotels that have joined that collection.  The other thing I think we'll see is, if and as we see transactions step up in the industry and trading of existing hotels, that is a really important thing to drive conversion activity.
Arne Sorenson: All right, thank you everybody. We appreciate your time this morning and we look forward to welcoming you wherever your journey takes you. Keep travelling.
Carl Berquist: This year we took it up part of that's just timing of construction and projects getting done, and also little increase in the conversion than we've previously seen. I think as you look out to '011 we haven't put a number out there yet, but if you look at our pipeline about 50% of that pipeline is under construction rate now, or has its financing. So, we feel pretty confident in a similar type of range of 25 to 30,000 in 2011.
Carl Berquist: In the past when we sold weeks, the average was between 25 and $30,000 a week, but now that we are selling points that's going to change differently based on the volume of the points. We don't have lot of experience right now; I think our average price was up above 5% in the quarter, but most of the quarter we were selling weeks during that time period. Once we get some more history on the points program, we will be to give you better information what the average sales price per customer is.
Carl Berquist: I think it was pretty much 90 basis points across the Board, for both domestic as well as well international.
Carl Berquist: No it's basically the growth in REVPAR as well as the improvement in margins on the leverage to get on the owned and leased property. It's driving a lot of that upside. We got a little bit in there from branding fees as well that we would expect during the year but it's pretty much those.
Carl Berquist: So, the termination fees were not the upside surprise. It was the performance of the hotels that will be a surprise.
Carl Berquist: Sure. I think -- well, first of all, let me mention that we're going to have an analyst meeting in October and we're going to lay out as we've done in the past some three year scenarios that help everyone understand a little more about the incentive fees. But I think as we've talked in the past, if operating profit helped profit move 20%, you still would just begin to see some more hotels and probably a small number of hotels move into the incentive fee area. So as Arne mentioned earlier, it's going to take a bit to get there.
Carl Berquist: It came from new hotels that were added to the system especially in Asia and it came from growth in those hotels that were already paying earlier. So as their REVPAR increased, as their pricing increased, the amount of REVPAR they paid -- I'm sorry, the amount of incentive fees they paid moved even higher. And then we had about $1 million or $2 million of incentive fees in there that were earned in previous years that were paid in the second quarter just because we met the criteria to get paid and it’s only booked when it’s paid.
Carl Berquist: You know, the incentive fee growth ought to be pretty exiting in terms of the percentage year-over-year. We do have some seasonality. So as you look at every year in the past and you can see third quarter tends to be a pretty modest incentive fee quarter. Again that's a lot driven by the fact that it's more of a leisure quarter than a business quarter and so the rate would tend to be a little bit lower. And so we're still to see what the percentage growth is in Q3, could be a little bit lower, I suppose, but that's I think the case every year. We ought to see pretty interesting growth going forward, it is -- we always, to some extent find it difficult to satisfy your curiosity around these questions because this often does not perform based on averages. So, you look at markets like New York or Shanghai to pick two quite different, Shanghai, we've got a very substantial presence and growing and we've got REVPAR which is in part because of ramping hotels and part because of the great strength in China which is 30% of growth year-over-year. Different kind of formula there, most of those hotels are able to pay incentive fees from the beginning based the way those formulas work. But that drives some pretty interesting growth in incentive fees coming out of those hotels. You look at New York where we have a U.S. style formula within a significant owners priority but there are two in New York, we've got a pretty interesting market with ability to drive rates and with the profitability of hotels. Those hotels are within the percentage that are already paying incentive fees and so we'll see the growth that comes through from there. By contrast if you look at some of the managed Courtyard portfolios which are many hotels and they do have an impact on this percentage of hotels that we've talked about where we manage 120 Courtyard hotels for one of our owners. None of those are paying incentive fees today and Courtyard obviously has been significantly impacted by REVPARs. Every other brand has. And it's going to be sometime before those hotels get back to satisfying their owners priority and pay anything. So, we will try and spend a considerable amount of time on this in October when we have you altogether.
Carl Berquist: Well I think you're right as you look at our balance sheet. If the trends continue, we will generate and could end the year of our capital spending stays the same with some cash above what we usually have and maintain our three times coverage ratio. I think from a share purchase standpoint now, first and foremost it’s to maintain our credit rating and to invest back into the business and ultimately if we do continue with these trends into the next year or two, then we also see share repurchase as a way of returning cash to shareholders. But I don't think you'll see that in 2010.
Carl Berquist: Oh, it's probably more the latter than the former. I suspect we're seeing a very, very modest but nevertheless a bit of an increase in the booking window and so in a sense I suppose the first part of your question is also true that we got a little bit more business on the books but that doesn't having much of an impact into what we're saying that we expect over the coming quarters. I think what we're saying we expect over the coming quarters is really more driven by the trends we're seeing in pricing and the steadiness we're seeing in that demand growth.
Carl Berquist: Yes. We had $6 million of cancelation fees booked in the third quarter of '09 that will not repeat itself in '10.
Smedes Rose - KBW: You gave that worldwide, health profit margins were up 90 basis points in the second quarter and I was just wondering could you break that out between North America and international which I think you have done in previous quarters.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay and then in your increased guidance for the year it looks like the bulk of that came from there was quite a big increase in the owned and leased hotels, profits from that segment and I am just wondering is there, could you just provide some additional color or there are more termination fees expected or something beyond just the pure ownership of the eight hotels.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay, got you. Okay. And then just finally it sounds like there wasn't an impact but is there any way to sort of quantify anything from the Gulf Coast oil spill on your franchisees in that region of folks staying away or is that just too hard to…
