Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think it's -- to be fair, it's going to be less than that for FX. That FX number is a year-over-year number that we use at $9 million. And the $20 million that we're talking about is basically compared to our prior guidance, so those are not quite apples-to-apples. But FX, relicensing fees -- and relicensing fees, by and large, are driven by the sale of existing franchised hotels. And that volume has been down a bit lower than we expected, a little bit softer REVPAR with some fine-tuning around individual assets. And then the other thing that we didn't talk about in our prepared remarks, the sale of the ExecuStay business. And with it, the elimination of that is a mid-single-digit number millions of dollars on a full year basis, I think.
Arne M. Sorenson: We think on the second question, it does not bring into question on a multiyear basis at all. And let's stress the words we used in the prepared remarks. This is not a thematic reduction but driven by individual market dynamics. So we talked about Shenzhen and Sanya as an example. When we look at the forecasters' -- the forecast that rolled out through our system here for the end of this quarter, what we saw was individual stories. And every time we looked at it to see whether there was a theme, we really did not see a global slowdown theme. But what we saw was some individual markets, particularly some luxury hotels that were impacted either by supply or by some other specific market conditions.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. And again, Smith Travel, just as a reminder, is a really blunt instrument. So Smith Travel, you're looking at a broad number of hotels distributed across the United States in a way that which is different from our distribution. And even though we are big, differences in our distribution between the industry as a whole and the performance at individual assets can have an impact on those numbers. So we feel great about the way our sales offices are working and the way our brand is resonating with customers. So I think the best indication of that is the data we've given you on group business and on special corporate, which are up substantially, and there is no sign at all that we've got a problem associated with that. When we look at our headline REVPAR number and we look at the Smith Travel number -- and again, we can run as many theoretical adjustments to this as you can imagine. But the ones that are most significant to us are D.C., which is about 1 point difference, and a couple of big hotels where renovations extended longer and had a more disruptive impact than we thought. And that's probably about another 0.5 point or so to the MHR number, maybe even 0.7 or a point to the MHR number in Q2.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. And I think we still expect in full year 2012 that our incentive fees will be growing about 20%. And I think that's a more important growth rate than to look at than what we put on the books in any particular quarter. Obviously, a few million dollars more of incentive fees in Q2 would give you a materially different year-over-year growth rate for that quarter. And a few million dollars is easy to miss by because of stories in individual markets. There is not really anything happening here which is structural. I thought it was interesting that in Q2, our domestic incentive fees were up higher than our international incentive fees, which is, I think, maybe the first we've seen that in a while and looks good and feels good. We know that the managed Residence Inn and Courtyard portfolios in the United States have been under a massive renovation program, which as we get beyond that and those hotels no longer suffer from the renovation impact themselves but ramp from that, I think that will be helpful both in terms of the REVPAR performance of those assets. But also hopefully, we'll get back towards incentive fees at some point in time in the future. But we've -- it's as steady as she goes sort of comment from us at this point.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I mean, I think to be fair, we've now got 2 quarters in the books at just less than 7%, I think. Year-to-date, it's 6.7%, 6.6%. And so the likelihood of being -- of adding 2 more quarters at 6% to 8% and having the full year math drive us to a high end of that range, I think, is getting increasingly less likely. But we still think 6% to 8% is the right global set of assumptions for Q3 and for Q4. And we think we'll end up within that range for the full year, which is why we didn't fiddle with that guidance range.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think 6% to 7% is more likely than the high end of 7% to 8%. But we're not -- again, business is good.
Arne M. Sorenson: Again, to talk about inflection point, I think, is to overstate it. I think what we're talking about is the impact of 3 or 4 or 5 significant hotels which drive those numbers, and they would be concentrated probably in a few Asia-Pacific and Middle East markets. And we are not saying with that reduction from 6% to 8% to 5% to 7% for international hotels that, that should be translated into a view that there is a relative slowdown which is more thematic than that.
Arne M. Sorenson: We are up a few tenths year-to-date. And that's both a -- that's a North America number, U.S. number mix of all our brands.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. So I think this is a different story for the United States and the rest of the world. United States, our growth obviously in a low supply environment is Sea-first [ph] our limited service brands and probably disproportionately Autograph in the U.S. Those, it shouldn't surprise you, are mostly franchise vehicles. And by and large, we're in a state of the cycle where we're not seeing a lot of new build full service hotels. That's where we're most likely to get managed growth. Obviously, if and when we get the Gaylord transaction closed, which we're still optimistic about that, we'll add a number of about 8,000 managed rooms to the portfolio, which we'll be glad to welcome to our portfolio. And I think those are, by and large, what's driving that. Now we have seen, outside the U.S., by the way, is overwhelmingly still a managed growth story. You take a place like China, we manage every single hotel that we have in our system.
Arne M. Sorenson: Let's see, China, Middle East and Europe. We would think Europe will continue to tick along around to that 3% sort of number. Q3 may be a bit better because of the Olympics and Q4 may be a bit worse because we don't have anything like the Olympics, which is likely to help Q4 but still kind of the same rates that we've seen. China, we've been, I think, 10% or above year-to-date. I suspect the right set of expectations would be a high single-digit as opposed to a double-digit growth rate for the balance of the year, reflecting probably a somewhat more modest growth rate there. Middle East, I think, is going to be very interesting. Our team has got some optimism in places like Egypt that we could be pleased to see business coming back a little bit faster than we're planning. On the other hand, we're really wary about building in expectations for a place like Egypt, which are too bullish. Dubai, by contrast, is very strong. It's a safe haven in many respects in the Middle East and, notwithstanding substantial supply growth, is continuing to post good numbers on the books. The rest of the Middle East varies dramatically market to market. You've got political environments, which vary from place-to-place and economic environments which vary from place-to-place. But I think generally, the Middle East ought to be performing reasonably well as the year goes along.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, I think you heard 300 basis points less in actual currency as opposed to constant currency. Remember, our 5% to 7% is a constant currency number so that is not reflected by the stronger dollar. The stronger dollar will work against us a little bit. And just to state the obvious here, when fees get translated into our financial statements, they are in actual dollars, not constant dollars.
Arne M. Sorenson: Generally, no. We still see it as -- it's still the weakest big region of the world, not surprisingly given all the things that they're wrestling with over there. And that's why when we looked at our budgeted numbers for the year, we were expecting Europe at about plus 3%. We told you at the beginning of the year that there was risk in that. And I wouldn't be surprised if we ended up putting numbers in the books which were 0 or potentially even negative. I think we've been really pleasantly pleased to see that we're performing at about 3%. And I guess it's the brilliance of our team over there and their ability to forecast.
Arne M. Sorenson: On the global internationals? I can't tell you. I think in Europe, it's maybe 1 point for the continent as a whole, at least the way we define our continent of positive because of London, which would make it -- Europe is, what, 40% of our international distribution, so I suppose maybe the Olympics drives 0.4 or 0.3 of a point for the quarter as a whole, something like that. It's not huge.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. I think, and this is probably less the case in a resort market like Hawaii than it is in some other more business-transient markets. But a couple of things to keep in mind here. One is Q2 includes a couple of months which are seasonally very strong, high-occupancy months. I think on one level, the success we've had with group bookings and with special corporate bookings, both of which are driven by these sales offices that we've spent so much time talking about over the last 1.5 years have driven a higher mix into the hotels from those streams of business. As a consequence, we've had a few less room nights than we probably like to have for rack rate short-term business. I think that is overwhelmingly an opportunity. And the opportunity is that we should be able to convert those demand streams into a better-priced business, not just on the rack rates but including on special corporate, when we get to those negotiations in the fall, and the group business that we're booking now and in the foreseeable next few quarters, if not next few years.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't think you should be worried at all about oversupply risk in China. You've got -- the markets we called out, Shenzhen and Sanya, Sanya is on Hainan Island, it's essentially the premier biggest China resort destination, coastal. Shenzhen is in the south as well, by and large, an industrial center. It's where Foxconn has got a big operation. This is a city that was a few hundred thousand people 20 years ago, and there's about 8 million or 9 million people today. So it's, in many respects, the sort of emblematic story about China's growth. And that place is booming and it's booming with hotel supply but it's booming with all of the things that drive hotel demand. And so we may see in periods like this quarter or maybe even over the next couple of quarters -- I can't tell you specifically what we're going to see in Shenzhen next month, let alone next year. But we may see periods in which that market is taking in new supply. But the demand is going to continue to grow, and I don't think the supply overhang is likely to be a factor for very long. Compare that to markets like Shanghai and Beijing, which are obviously huge destinations. They have had enormous supply growth, and notwithstanding that, they're posting double-digit REVPAR. And that's a sign about the strength. And one other reference point here. China is probably about 1 million rooms across the country as a whole. The U.S. is 5 million rooms. China will clearly see that 1 million rooms double and then double again over the course of the next period of time. It's going to imply substantial supply growth year-over-year for a number of years to come. But there's every reason to believe that demand is going to be growing with it.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I don't think our pricing of special corporate accounts have much to do when we're going to give guidance. But we will -- essentially, what we're talking about for special corporate pricing in the fall, I think our special corporate customers, by and large, know that demand has come back and has come back reasonably strong. And as a consequence, that the power in this negotiation have shifted a little bit to the suppliers of the rooms as opposed to the consumers of the rooms because we're going to all be looking at yielding the various channels we've got to get the best rate of business that we can get. Those special corporate rates are still meaningfully lower than they were in 2007 before the recession hit. And as a consequence, this is a bit about negotiating how fast we get back to those rates that we were at before. None of our special corporate customers likes to pay more than they have to pay, so these will be things that will be negotiated. And your question is a good reminder that we should be careful about putting anything in the books until we get through those negotiations. But we do think it should be a good season for negotiations this fall.
Arne M. Sorenson: Only in the most -- the softest sort of preliminary way. We're not negotiating any of them now, but I think there's some conversations about what the dynamic will look like when we get to it.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. We -- our best guess today is that we ought to still be open -- be able to open 90,000 to 100,000 -- what is it, 95,000 to 110,000, 90,000 to 105,000? 90,000 to 105,000 rooms in '12, '13 and '14. And we don't think we need to pull off of those numbers. I think the biggest story in this is China. And it's not the only place where there's some impact. But in China, what we're seeing is with a government-encouraged slowdown in some respects -- and again it's all relative, so we're not talking about recession environments. But in a government-encouraged slowdown, we are seeing some projects, which were previously under construction, where construction has paused. And I suspect that's a dozen hotels, maybe a dozen projects order of magnitude. We -- our folks on the ground there are very optimistic that they will be restarted, that when the government gets through the important political transitions, which are underway later this year, and continues its focus on developing particularly some of the secondary and tertiary markets, that we'll see these projects resume and move forward. We can't tell you for a certainty that all of that is going to work out in a way that causes the '12 openings to be opening in '13 and all of the '13 openings to also be opening in '13 or whether it's possible that some '13 openings will shift to '14. But we think generally that we're not seeing projects get abandoned, and our partners are saying they continue to plan to get those things done.
Arne M. Sorenson: No. You're right to ask about D.C. particularly because D.C. would be the market which is most dependent on government and government-derived business, if you will. We think that we're probably mid-single-digits in terms of percentage of government business in the U.S. And so this is relevant obviously. The conversation coming out of the government is to try and reduce per diems. And as a consequence, depending on how aggressive they are, they may well be pricing their employees at a level where they will not be able to stay in full-service hotels and they will certainly not be able stay in full-service hotels in center cities and instead will be essentially priced out of the market and pushed to limited service hotels in the suburbs and all the consequences associated with that for their productivity and comfort. And depending on how hard they push, it's quite possible the government could push too hard and they will hear from their folks that it doesn't work. And this will get -- this will be something that gets revisited. We're engaged in conversations with the government to try and do the best we can to manage this. I think the only good news is that in many respects, we would be, in many hotels, looking at yielding away from government business anyway because we're seeing a higher-rated demand come back both in group and transient travel in a way that in a number of markets would allow hotels that have kind of tried to buttress their performance in a weaker demand time with government business increasingly pull away from that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I mean, we gave you the figures on group bookings for Washington for next year because it is actually a substantial piece of positive news. The other bit of positive news we'll have for Washington is just the fact that there will be an inaugural next year, there will be a new administration. I don't mean that. There'll be a either a new President or a reelected President who will be starting a second term. And they will be a sort of a fresh start associated with that, that tends to be a reasonably good year for government demand. And so we ought to see some positive moves towards D.C. But you're right to ask about per diems because as you get to the -- through to the broader D.C. market, where you're looking at some of the Northern Virginia hotels which are heavily dependent on government business which is not political but is more like government contract business, that's the place where our fiscal issues in the federal government will continue to be relevant, and we don't know how they'll get resolved.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think that if you're talking about the fiscal cliff of the expiration of the Bush tax cuts, the Obama employment tax cuts and maybe deficit impact, as well as the government cuts...
Arne M. Sorenson: And I would say today that there is no impact of that threat on the numbers we've put on the books or the bookings that we're seeing. And we have certainly not made any effort to factor in a what-if. And obviously, we haven't given you '13 guidance anyway. But I think, by and large, this is going to be a question about what happens politically and how that translates into a U.S. economic performance in 2013 and beyond. It may be that it becomes relevant in the fourth quarter, but I doubt it. I think this is much more likely to be a question of how it gets factored into real economic growth, maybe a little bit attitude and sentiment as we're doing bookings in the fourth quarter but doubtful in terms of the impact to actual Q3 and Q4 numbers.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. And I would -- rather than be wrong here, I would encourage you to look at the Smith Travel numbers by city. And you've got some interesting dynamics. I mean, Chicago has been a reasonably good performer. The West is strong broadly. But I'd look to that Smith Travel and you can look at it sort of city-by-city and you'll see what the results look like.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, that's a good question. I mean, I think we will obviously see hirings track our openings as the year goes along. And we had opened into our system, whether it's managed or franchised, obviously will have an influence on precisely we'll be doing the hiring, whether it's our franchise partners or whether it's us directly. But we'll end up hiring -- I would think the system would hire a few thousand people, maybe 5,000 people, something like that associated with new unit openings. This is a U.S. number only. I think the high occupancy we had in the second quarter is a sign that we're probably also hiring to meet demand as it moves through there. But in Q3, Q3 is not as high an occupancy quarter as Q2. And so I don't think occupancy is likely to drive significant hiring in the very, very short term. I think as we go into 2013, we will see that the hiring, by and large, is driven by new unit growth and less significantly by occupancy growth since I think increasingly as the recovery goes forward, we'll see that the shift of REVPAR growth is driven more by rate than it is by occupancy. As group business grows, so we will see that we're hiring some folks to deal with F&B side of the equation. I don't know if that's responsive to you or not. But generally, it's a positive trend in hiring. It's just a question of how positive.
Arne M. Sorenson: A typical hotel would be fairly close. I think the permanent reduction in headcount will probably mostly be around management staff and how heavy that is and how much we've been able to do above property and do a little bit more efficiently than used to be done on property. But that is likely to affect a relatively small number of people in a hotel. The restaurant staff and the housekeeping staff and the other key members of the team that are focused on serving our guests as occupancy has gotten back to and now beyond peak levels. So we're performing at occupancy levels which are in excess of the 2007, 2008 levels. I suspect we've seen staff income most of the way back to where it was before.
Carl T. Berquist: So remember, international on total fees is only about 25% of our total fees, with domestic driving 75% of those fees.
Carl T. Berquist: Yes. I think if you look at what we said in our prepared remarks, we said termination fees increased $12 million. The biggest part of that was a $14 million termination fee we received related to 1 hotel. But I point out that as I mentioned in G&A, we had about a $7 million charge against that, a little bit of geography between owned, leased and G&A. So it netted to about $5 million then. And that $14 million is part of what's driving the full year owned, leased and other up for the year.
Carl T. Berquist: Yes. I think the other thing for the full year, and Laura points out a good point, is our owned and leased hotels are doing very well. And they are -- that's also another big part of that increase for the year.
Carl T. Berquist: Well, what we do is we look out, for the rest of the year, look at our cash needs, whether it's capital or what-have-you and what opportunities are there and take into consideration our leverage ratios relative to our credit ratings. And from there, we kind of predict out what we think we can buy versus what we need to hold back, so to speak, for known or expected capital expenditures in that. So it's kind of formulaic that way, but we also take into consideration capital transactions such as the Courtyard one.
Carl T. Berquist: They're a little lower than in the first quarter because we have a lot of full hotels because of the booking pace we've been having for the -- that we've been talking about for the last 2 quarters being up so high. But for the full year, we would expect the in-the-quarter, for-the-quarter to still represent about 30%, with the other 2/3 coming from booked the previous year.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. The branding fees of $5 million that I talked about is primarily timing. And so we would expect that to come -- we were expecting that come in later in the year. It just came in a little sooner than we thought. I think the other items I've pointed out in there, the termination fee that we received, I talked about that earlier. And then the other thing is our owned, leased properties, especially Tokyo and London, did extremely well. When you look to the full year, on the full year, our owned, leased properties will be a big piece of the increase that we're talking about in our guidance for the full year.
Carl T. Berquist: Yes. That was a payment from a utility over there that we received as business interruption. It wasn't insurance, so to speak, but...
Carl T. Berquist: Well, our leverage, we'll continue to manage our leverage to 3x to 3.25x debt-to-EBITDA so that's what we're targeting for. I don't have a debt number for you right now, but we'll manage to that ratio of 3x to 3.25x. And that's on adjusted debt to an adjusted EBITDA. The rating agency makes adjustments for the peer numbers.
Carl T. Berquist: Okay. Well, we all want to thank you for your participation today and keep on traveling. Go ahead, Beverly.
