Arne Sorenson: Let me -- sorry, why don't I jump in on at least a couple of these things and Carl can add on this as he think appropriate. I think on the capital spending, we talked about this $500 million to $700 million figure for the last couple of quarters. It's still probably the best bit of guidance for you when you look longer term is to look at the information we shared with you at our last analyst conference. Obviously, with each passing year, fewer and fewer of the dollars that we would model to invest in our business have been committed. And so there's a higher level of guesswork. And certainly, the actual investing activity depends on actual deals and our desire to pursue those deals. I think generally, the expectation would be that you would see a roughly flat level of investment spending in '11, '12 and '13. But that will be obviously be driven by optimism as they pop up. On the Timeshare fees, we've put in this release that it'll be a $50 million fixed fee, franchise fee with an adjustment for inflation over time plus 2% of sales. And really, what we wanted to do when we structured this was to align the interest of the 2 companies so as to maximize their joint interest in seeing Marriott-branded Timeshare business grow. We will not be forbidding the stand-alone Timeshare company from doing business that's not branded with our brands. And so we really wanted to be careful about not charging a marginal fee on their sales volume, which would discourage them from growing with us. And so that's really why we ended up with that 2% fee on sales. And I think the $50 million was also just a way of recognizing the tremendous value that the Marriott brand and affiliation and the rewards programs and the other connection with our customer base has provided and will continue to provide for that business going forward. And of course, the branded aspects of the Timeshare business will remain exclusively dedicated to our customers and our people. And then lastly, on margins. Yes, it's an interesting comparison between Q1 U.S. margins to minus 30 basis points in the full year of plus 100 to 150 basis points. You've got a few things that are going on, which are going to impact how those quarters compare. Partly, it's a question of the timing of the accrual of incentive comp. You'll recall a year ago at this time in the first quarter, we were really much more tentative about whether or not we would see a recovery. We set up our compensation plans across the company. This would be at both the hotel level and the corporate level so that more modest bonuses would be paid if we only achieve the budget, which was based on REVPAR numbers which essentially reflected the weakness, a little bit of the weaker environment that we entered 2010 from. And it was really only an upside performance, significant upside performance that would get managers back to position where they made kind of incentive comp that they might have in normal times. And so in the first quarter, we were booking much lower levels of accruals for that incentive comp. This year, we're back to more of a normal environment. We think this will come out in the wash as the year goes along because that ultimate potential is not higher, but we're booking those incentive comps relatively earlier. Similarly, we got some squirrelly stuff going on. We talked about our calendar quarter versus our fiscal quarter. New Year's Day this year is in 2011 for us, it was not in 2010. And that has both an impact on REVPAR, which is quite needed for in the first quarter, not so terribly significant on a full year basis and an impact on margins. And then obviously, when you look at the headline REVPAR number, we would expect those REVPAR numbers to be stronger for the managed portfolio in Qs 2, 3 and 4 than they were in Q1 then they will have an impact on margins, too.
Arne Sorenson: Generally, we're pretty optimistic. We obviously have seen gas prices move, approaching $4 a gallon in most markets, some over. And I think are watching both gasoline or what that does to the drive market, but also a little bit what that does to cost of the airline ticket. Airline ticket has moved meaningfully, I think, particularly the marginal ticket for a leisure traveler. And generally, I think we're seeing that there has not been an impact from either the cost of the airline ticket or gas prices so far. Maybe a more precise way of saying that is that whatever impact exists there has been swamped by the fact that the consumer is feeling more confident and therefore, they're more active than they were a year ago. And so net-net, we still come out with growing leisure business and I suspect we'll see that, that continues through the height of leisure season this year. In other words, that whatever dampening under the surface makes just because of gas prices, we've still got a stronger consumer net of that than we would have had a year ago.
Arne Sorenson: That's a classic. Carl talked about this in a generic sense but essentially, we won't take a hotel out that's under renovations unless a material amount of the guest rooms are out as calculated on a full year basis. The Philadelphia hotel you talked about, the renovation basically has taken every square foot of function space out of commission, but has a very modest impact on available guest rooms. And so, it doesn't trigger our non-comp thresholds even though in the first quarter because every square foot of meeting space was out. That hotel significantly lagged its competitive set, which we anticipated in many respects. But it has a real headline impact, surprisingly big for the Marriott brand.
Arne Sorenson: Well, you could look at the contract sales of the business and do the math. And I think, in addition to the things that we've talked about before, while there's not a overwhelming market here that we can turn to and say what's the model, it felt to us like a fee arrangement that was consistent with the kind of franchise fee approaching the lodging space and sort of market in that sense.
Arne Sorenson: Generally, I would say that our expectations x Japan and x Middle East are higher than they were quarter ago, modestly. And that's basically on strength in Asia and strength in Europe. And so under the company guidance we gave you, you get to the next level of detail. And basically, we compared to a quarter ago, we're losing probably a full $0.03 a share, something like that based on the Middle East and Japan. And Middle East, of course, the most targeted markets will be Egypt and Bahrain. Japan obviously has been devastated by what it suffered about a month ago or 6 weeks ago and we anticipated none of that. There was a little bit of impact in Q1 from those things but really not very significant. To some extent, we would see a relatively greater strength in Europe and Asia as mostly offsetting those, which is why we're more or less at the same place on sort of earnings for the full year and mostly in the same place as far as it relates to REVPAR guidance. We do have some issues that we're going to wrestle with that we've long known and have been factored into our guidance. But you look at Shanghai, for example, where we've got 21%, I think hedged at our upper-upscale and luxury supply. Increasingly in the second quarter and in the third, we'll have tough comparisons in that market because of the World Expo last year. And so those will result in lower headline numbers. But still, underneath that, the business conditions are very good and encouraging.
Arne Sorenson: This is really repeating something that Carl said. But if you look at core G&A this year compared to last year and adjust for whatever reserves worked out with last year or whatever else is coming through the model, I think in getting directly to your question, G&A will be up year-over-year. And I think we talked about 3% to 5% growth in G&A a quarter ago. We would probably tend to today believe that the core G&A rate is probably about the same maybe towards the higher end of that range. And that's driven by the things we referred to in the script. So a bit of that is investing in international growth, which we're really excited about. That we are adding people and we've got some initiatives underway to do things like the Fairfield brand in India and Brazil and elsewhere and those things are expensive. And then some other investing in the brands, which we are stepping up a bit. Those will be the primary drivers beyond the normal inflation factors in compensation and the like.
Arne Sorenson: Well, remember and Carl, jump in here. By the first quarter, you got to log small numbers so the total dollars of fee for the first quarter is not that significant, which has a significant impact in those percentages. I think the 1 thing that has changed would be something like Egypt and the Middle East generally. So the numbers are not huge but we're talking about $10 million or so of incentive fees that compared to a quarter ago, we could not achieve in 2011 because of the turmoil in those markets. And you can do the math on what you would expect the full year number to be, but that's a number of points of growth year-over-year.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. So it varies obviously by hotel and by size of the meetings. So the biggest group hotels are going to tend to have the longest lead time in terms of their group bookings. And they could easily be starting a year like 2011 with 75% of the group business that's been booked in prior years. Hotels which have group business but tend to have smaller, more corporate meetings probably would have a meaningfully smaller percentage of that. But I think on an average for the Marriott brand, we would say, it's in the 65% range, something like that of group bookings that would be on the books at the beginning of the year for that year. In many respects, it's not at all surprising. You look at something like association business as an example. 2011 is the time when that association business that would have been booked in the heart of the recession, when we were all sitting at our coffee pots and wondering about the financial meltdown and watching Lehman Brothers and all the rest of it, that was the time when the big association meetings, which would be held in 2011 would have been put on the books. Some meaningful percentage of them. And so in a sense, we are suffering the consequences in the group space for that recession now in 2011. I think as we look at the way group bookings are coming in, we are quite gratified. And in fact, they show that the recovery is taking place in that space, too. To be fair, our bookings in January and February were stronger than they were in March. We're not entirely sure that we can give you an explanation for that right now. But you look at the last number of months and you even look at the way things are going now, we feel really good about the way group business is coming back. That will obviously ultimately pay benefits in the balance of 2011 but also 2012 and 2013 as well.
Arne Sorenson: Shanghai would be the most significant, I think. Nothing else that I think we would call out. I suppose on average, you've got comps that get a little tougher as the year goes along, and that could be a piece of it. But generally, we're not building in an expectation of moderating economic performance in those markets.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I mean this is -- there are a bunch of questions there, but let me try to make sure I hit them all. We are, I think I said in the prepared remarks, 37 states have been rolled out. The balance of the U.S. will be rolled out by midyear 2011. And while for the biggest hotels, there are still sales people are on property, this is -- and to some extent, we have had above property, that booking centers and other sales efforts that we've used for a number of years. This is still a significant change in the way we're arrayed against our customers as opposed to arrayed by hotel. And so it takes a while for these markets to stabilize and to make sure that we've got true comparisons. We are obviously in active conversation with our owners and franchisees about the way this program is going. You were talking about hundreds and hundreds of hotels that are impacted by it. There hasn't been a program that we've ever done that applies 100% positively for every single hotel. And so we've been tweaking and calibrating and doing some other things. But generally, what we're seeing is encouraging in the sense that we're taking meaningful market share where we're stabilized. I didn't talk about this, but when you get to a large collection of hotels, in every given year, market share is moving up and down for many hotels in the portfolio. And so when we're taking share, we may be seeing 55% of the hotels going up and 45% of them going down. Every hotel has got its own story, and that story is driven by renovation activity, product quality, new supply in the market, what's happening with renovations with competitors and of course, the inherent brand strength and the like. What we're seeing with this sales transformation though is a meaningfully higher number of hotels are taking share with the stabilized markets. And again, our customers are giving us good feedback. We'll continue to be very carefully talking with our owners and working this through. And we don't want to sit here this morning and say that we're done and that victory is totally accomplished. But we're really encouraged by the way this has gone so far and feel like ultimately, this will prove to be what we anticipate, which will be a very powerful driver of market force and enhance customer loyalty and customer market share.
Arne Sorenson: I don't think we're really seeing much change. I think generally, we are seeing still not much of the lengthening in the booking window. So I think group customers, we have some big meetings, maybe are coming back on the books that would've been booked certainly a couple of years ago. But compared to a few months ago, I wouldn't say that there's anything that's a meaningful shift.
Carl Berquist: Sure. I think as you look at the transition to the point system, you are putting a company in a position where there's not a need to continue to do major development, new development. But instead, it can be much more efficient in growing the business and continuing to grow the business to the point system by either having the existing inventory, which we have about $1.4 billion worth of inventory, which about 1/2 is finished product on the books so you got a long runway when you come out of the box for growth. And at the same time, as there is a need for new product to add to the system, the projects don't need to be to be as large to support a whole sales infrastructure. Since you're selling points, you're selling all of the resorts at the same time, so the individual projects don't need to be as large. So I think those 2 things are going to work well in the favor to help with the growth story and at the same time, reduce the need for major capital investments in the system. Right now, the business is generating positive, what I would say positive cash flow from development in the sense that the product cost right now is greater than the capital you need to put back in the business. And given the level of inventory that we have, I see that continuing in the near term.
Carl Berquist: I think as the company gets out and grows and matures, it will develop different strategies relative to approaching the market and growing its product. Whether or not it will be similar to Windham's asset-light model or instead as I mentioned, smaller projects, control built by the Timeshare company, that, I'll wait to see. Also, whether or not they will be in an acquisition mode or a merger mode with other brands, again, I think as it first spins off, it will tend to deal with what it has right now. Like I said, we have plenty of inventory, about $1.4 billion on the books. But it will not be precluded from doing any type of mergers or acquisitions going down the road.
Carl Berquist: One thing we have not put in our guidance, the incremental cost of the Timeshare spend. Our intention on that was to, as those numbers become material or meaningful, we'll point those out as we give you our earnings because as you can imagine, there'll be onetime costs just related to the transaction itself.
Carl Berquist: You have to be careful. Some of the onetime items that we've called out in the previous earnings releases that we've done and even this quarter, the first quarter, we had some, as we called out some onetime items last year, there were benefits that caused some of the variances. So you have to be careful there. The other thing that's happening is as Arne pointed out on the margins at the hotels, the G&A also has the effect of our compensation, our incentive compensation, where in the first quarter, we weren't recording the accruals as high last year as we are this year. And then we stabilized them later in the year. So those variances are in there as well
Carl Berquist: Yes. So just to add on to what Arne said, the other thing is as we mentioned, in the first quarter, Washington D.C. was soft and we do earn incentive fees in Washington D.C. So that -- and we would expect that to grow back as the year goes along. And so given the Middle East that Arne talked about and a little bit on Washington D.C., we'll probably be between 15% to 20% up in incentive fees.
Carl Berquist: No. I think as we look at it, as we stated in the past, first and foremost, we want to invest in our business. And -- but we're going to be disciplined about that. And we're going to make sure that we can get the returns that we think are appropriate given our cost of capital. But even after we set aside, as we mentioned in our call, the $500 million to $700 million, the models still generate significant cash flow above and beyond that. Now would we use that money for opportunistic investment? Absolutely. If, in fact, we felt that it gave the company sufficient returns and relative to like I said, our cost of capital. But even with that said, we have substantial cash left. And as we've done in the past, we return that to shareholders either through dividends or share repurchase. And we like share repurchase given our ability to move the lever, so to speak. So I think we'll continue with that same philosophy for the rest of this year and going forward.
Carl Berquist: Well, I think that's it. We've hit our allotted time here. So we really thank you all for your interest in the stock and as we've always said, keep on traveling. Thank you.
