Stephen Pettibone: Thank you, Sylvia, and thanks to all of you for dialing in to Starwood's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Frits van Paasschen, our CEO and President; and Vasant Prabhu, our Vice Chairman and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that our discussions during this conference will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and forward-looking statements made today are effective only as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in Starwood's annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. You can find a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call on our website at www.starwoodhotels.com. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Frits for his comments.
Stephen Pettibone: Thank you, Vasant. We'd now like to open up the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sylvia, can we have the first question, please.
Stephen Pettibone: Thanks, Frits and Vasant. I want to thank you all for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. If you have any other questions, feel free to reach out to us. Take care.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Joe, you had several elements to the question. In terms of the impact of the asset sales, we gave you a number, it's approximately $12 million, if you include the 2 additional hotels we'll close on fairly soon. So the year-over-year reduction in EBITDA is approximately $12 million from asset sales that -- where purchase and sale agreements are signed and the 2 that will close soon. The reason we don't -- can't tell you more, as you know, is when we do these purchase and sale agreements, they, typically, are confidential. Sometimes, they're even with other public companies, and therefore, we can't give you details ahead of when they are also ready to announce. You also asked who the buyers are. The buyer pool remains essentially the same. Outside the U.S., it's what you might call sovereigns or ultrahigh-net worth families or individuals. They are mostly looking for the trophy-type of hotels and they're only looking for 1s and 2s at a time, as Frits said. In the U.S., it's still very much either public or private REITs, and certainly more the public REITs than the private REITs. So the buyer pool remains what we've described earlier. And as Frits said, in terms of sort of -- we always have quite a few hotels on the market. The only thing I would say that maybe a little bit different now than earlier in the year is, we do have some larger hotels on the market in terms of value, but we'll see. We'll see how it goes and we'll announce them as they're done.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. I might just add a couple of things. As you all know, there's a life cycle to the value of real estate and hotel real estate, and you wouldn't want us to be sellers at the bottom of the cycle. So we are value-driven in how and when we sell, because once we sell, it's -- the value that you get is all locked in. We did -- we don't consider ourselves experts on market timing, but we were able to sell $7 million in the last cycle before it hit its peak at good values. We are very active, but you also -- it's also paced by the availability of buyers and also another element that we have paid a lot of attention to, that you're aware of, is tax planning in selling hotels. And sometimes, that can also dictate the time. In terms of the REIT, we have never ruled out that, the idea of doing a REIT. We've always told you that if we can get a value that is greater than we would get in a REIT float, which is how we looked at the Host transaction, we would do that. The advantages of doing it without a REIT are -- when you do a REIT, you may get a discount to existing REITs and you also have some G&A. But we would never rule out a REIT float if it makes sense.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I'm not sure we could give you specific trough to peak. What I can tell you is that, our fees are more stable on the incentive fee side for a simple reason: 90% of our fees come from outside the U.S., 10% from the U.S. Non-U.S. incentive fees don't have preferred returns, so they're less susceptible to cycle, and therefore, we don't see -- I don't think you would see with us the same kind of swing in incentive fees in an up cycle and the swing down in a down cycle. So I would say, if we went back and looked at it, the percentages wouldn't change that much. In terms of where we are today in terms of how many hotels are paying incentive fees, across the world, about 2/3 of our hotels are paying incentive fees today, 80%-or-so outside the U.S. are paying incentive fees and it's more like 1/3 in the U.S. So that's probably the -- sort of the best answer we can give you right now.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. From our standpoint, we view the dividend as a long-term commitment. It's a dividend we want to be sustainable. We want to have a dividend that can have steady growth. We are in a cyclical business. We have to be mindful of that. We think that at the levels it's at, you still have that 1.9% to 2% yield. We always have the option of returning additional cash to you in the form of buybacks, as we've done. So the dividend is something we would like you all to think off as something you can count on, that will be delivered now quarterly and will have increases year-over-year and is sustainable through the cycle.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes, I think Steve, there's no change at all in our views on what are appropriate ratios. It's BBB, and it's the ratios that go with it. And clearly, we have plenty of room to do things that Frits mentioned, whether it is to return cash to shareholders or deploy our capital if we can see high rates of return. So there is absolutely no change in terms of the views we expressed before as to the ratios we're targeting.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. I think we can talk to sort of things that are more directly attributable to it and then things that are somewhat harder to, let's say, detect. Certainly, we've seen some modest cancellations, particularly in the D.C. Metro area, in cities like San Diego, where there is decent amount of government presence. It is a small piece of our mix. We have seen -- we have some lead time in some of these things where we can -- if it's -- since it's small to fill it with other business. We are seeing some small impact from government-related business in some of our franchised hotels. But overall, it's fairly small. The piece that's harder to, let's say, put your finger on, is in that period where the shutdown was going on and the uncertainty existed, did a broader set of customers just sort of wait and see? So did we have a 2-week period where plans were put on hold and will that have some kind of an impact? There could be some additional impact. But whatever the impact is, as you all know, it's transitory. It will be just in the fourth quarter and not something that we think sustains itself.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes, I'll answer the first one. The net impact of not doing the securitization this year, as I said in my comments, was approximately $100 million in cash. We have often, in the past, also done securitizations every other year. Doing larger securitizations has some benefits, some lower -- some savings in transaction costs, as well as you get a larger pool of buyers. So we'll look to do something next year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. I mean, just to give you a little more precision, the East, North and South are roughly equal in size. They have roughly similar numbers of hotels. The West and Central part, which Frits talked about, is the smaller one right now, and it's where we think there is going to be growth. We think that is where the Chinese government is directing most of the development, and along with that, of course, come roads and airports and hotels.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. I think on the asset sales, we'll save that for a conversation when we can talk more specifically about that. In terms of the guidance for next year, obviously, it's early. We'll certainly give you more when we get into February. At this stage, as I mentioned in the comments, we are assuming that U.S. trends stay roughly -- North American trends stay roughly where they are. We are seeing generally decent strength in Asia x China, as we talked earlier. And as we get into next year, certainly, the hope is, and based on recent economic news coming out of Europe, that will begin to see some improvement and we get some where we begin to lap, once again, sort of the weaknesses in Latin America and in Africa, Middle East and China. So the assumption is that there will be some sequential improvement. But we'll get into a lot more detail in February, as we usually do.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Sure, on the other income line, again, I mentioned in my comments and it's also in the press release, that the other income line, as you know, sometimes has some noise in it. We did have, in the quarter, some termination fees, which caused the other income line to go up versus last year. Offsetting that, of course, in SG&A, we mentioned we had certain other items that were going in the other direction, also of a nonrecurring variety. The net benefit in the quarter between both sets of items are approximately $5 million. So hopefully, that answers your question. And then the second question was on...
Vasant M. Prabhu: Renegotiations. Again, in the comments we had, we said mid- to high-single-digits is what we are targeting. Again, occupancies being where they are, we think is helpful. And overall, corporate business remains strong. And as we've always said, it's linked to corporate profits. And since all the indications are that corporate profits are healthy, we are hopeful that rate will be in that mid- to high-single digits next year.
Frits D. van Paasschen: And in terms of dividend payout, is within the range that we've been talking about now for some time.
Frits D. van Paasschen: I would say that our philosophy and approach has changed less than our view of the world and the position of the company and our ability to buy back. So we haven't changed our view, but I do think that circumstances have changed, which have led us to continue the program, even with the stock at the higher prices it's trading at today.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Steven, we prefer to think of it in terms of making sure that we're comfortably into investment grade, and we've been saying that for some time now. And it depends a bit on who you ask and whose EBITDA or net debt you're looking at to the precise ratio that, that leads to. But we want to continue to have a balance sheet that is, as you put it and I did earlier as well, as de-risked as it is, again, not because we think the world today and our business is terribly risky, but we don't know what's around the corner. What we do know is that in the past, markets have certainly responded robustly to any bad news, and that includes to our own stock. And we can't rule out the notion that with 2 crises in the last decade or so, that there may be something else out there. And that with a balance sheet, the way we have it today, we have much more flexibility either to return cash to shareholders in a more meaningful way given a shift in the market, or to do something else with that cash that would be in the longer term interest of the company.
Frits D. van Paasschen: So Bill, in answer to your second question, which in some respects, won't be a complete answer because as you could imagine, we wouldn't comment on a specific opportunity or company in either case. But having done the Le Méridien acquisition a number of years ago and seeing that brand grow and flourish in our portfolio in the years since, of course, we would love to look at new brands added to the system that we feel we could add value to. And having said that, as you can see and as we've said also for some time, the reality is, there aren't that many brands and there aren't many deals that actually we feel would make sense and create value for our shareholders. So we would look at any specific deal to see whether it makes sense along those lines. And I think that means both potentially at the high end, which plays strength to strength. I think we could add value to any high-end hotel brand as well or better than anybody else, and in the mid-market, to be able to gain scale and presence in select turf [ph] under the right circumstances.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Yes. What happens, too, is as growth in footprint and urbanization expands to these second-tiered cities, you start to see the mix of business to be more Chinese national than international. And the strength of our system and our SPG base within China puts us in a good position to be, yet again, the first mover into those markets, which we like, because in many respects, this next decade is an important one for the build out of Chinese cities, and to have hotels in great locations built in that time is, as we see it over a longer period of time, a unique opportunity.
Frits D. van Paasschen: No, I think it's function also of, as always, a small number of hotels can influence the trajectory of a brand. We did see a good pop in Sheraton performance over the last few years. But I also think that, broadly speaking, the upper upscale segment in North America is a challenging place to be, and we're working to make sure that all 3 of our brands, Westin, Le Méridien and Sheraton, continue to find relevance in the market. And with the work that we've done with Sheraton revitalization and bringing consistency to the portfolio, and now working on things like Sheraton Club and expanding the F&B offerings into the Link@Sheraton, we still feel very good about where Sheraton is. But again, this is in a market where there's very low supply growth, where upper upscale hotels tend to be older now than the base of other hotels that have come into the market on all sides of that. So we continue to work hard to maintain the presence of Sheraton. And by and large, it's outperformed its peers over the last several years.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Yes, and I might just add to that and emphasize what Vasant said. The fact that we have a couple of quarters now of record occupancy means we can go into negotiations with a great deal of confidence, and we can continue to think about the best ways to mix our business so that the rates of different types of customers are optimized, given properties. And with very little new supply looking to come on in North America, with the possible exception of New York, that continues to be a dynamic that we think plays very well to the rate story for hotels in the U.S. and in Canada.
Frits D. van Paasschen: So in terms of rate versus occupancy in China, the picture is changing so quickly there year to year. I think it's hard to apply the conventional thinking, which is, hotels should have occupancy decline and then with a lag, you should see rates fall down after that. But with a picture that's shifting so much in terms of the mix of properties, you end up with a situation where the comparable set over time starts to change. From our own perspective, ideally, of course, we'd like to see both rate and occupancy going up. But with a footprint that's growing as quickly as ours, to have occupancy rise means that, fundamentally, primary demand and our ability to capture that primary demand is still pretty healthy. In terms of asset sales, the good news is, I suppose, that even though Europe, by and large, has not worked through to become whatever it will be post-euro crisis, but as we've been saying for a while, occupancy of the gateway cities, where we have a large number of our hotels, continues to be really strong. And interest in those properties, likewise, for the ones that we own, is correspondingly still high. So no, I wouldn't say that our interest in selling assets is solely in North America, but I also just want to be clear. I'm not saying that to indicate one way or the other that the asset sale that we have pending is either here or somewhere else.
