Frits van Paasschen: Thanks, Matt. And no doubt, you can see why I'm looking forward to our Investor Day on December 8. We want the investment community to spend more time hearing directly from our team. They are living evidence of just how difficult it is to replicate Starwood's current platform. We wholeheartedly believe that the growth and demand that comes from 3 billion people around the world reaching middle classes is nothing less than the most extraordinary opportunity in our lifetime. We didn't let the crisis of 2008 and 2009 go to waste, and we'll certainly not miss this incredible opportunity. I'd like to close with some preliminary thoughts on 2011. As I mentioned before, the positive trends in transient and group business continued. Business travel is robust and has filled our hotels in the critical Monday through Thursday periods, driving compression and allowing us to begin to recover rate. Specifically, we expect corporate rates to be up high single digits. Group business in 2011 is also trending well, with strong volumes and steadily improving rate. And the overall trajectory of business appears to have stabilized to current levels. Of course, visibility remains limited in the macroeconomic picture and the developed world remains uncertain. However, if current trends continue, we would expect to deliver worldwide REVPAR growth of 7% to 9% in 2011. With our demonstrated ability to control costs, we expect that this REVPAR growth will result in an EBITDA within the range of $950 million to $980 million. But before I hand over to Vasant, I want to make one final comment on our business in the United States. Like many of you, our base case expects America's economy to maul through for the next few years. Despite this, we're cautiously confident about our prospects. You've already heard about how supply's constrained and will grow slowly over the coming three to four years. That makes our industry very different from the economy as a whole, but has significant slight [ph] capacity. On the demand side, we're encouraged to see that profits of U.S. companies are at historic high. Balance sheets are also in good shape. So companies have the means to invest and are going after hard-earned growth. We know that means travel. As one industry executive put it, you don't grow revenues by sitting behind your desk. We stand a gain from this, given our high-end brand portfolio, and as we've said, our business is 75% b to b. As for leisure demand, it's true that consumers' balance sheets are not as robust as those companies. But for households that make more than $100,000 per year, there's a lot less leverage. And these households account for about half of our U.S. consumer spending. So higher-income consumers have the means to travel and are doing so. For the next few years, all of this points to occupancies and rates at high-end hotels well above what you'd expect given the tepid economic growth. In fact, that's what we're already seeing. Now let me turn the call over to Vasant.
Frits van Paasschen: Just one thing to add to that. In terms overall unit additions, we're still looking at a target of around 80 hotels opened for this year. Next year, that number will be slightly lower. So that may have been part of your question, Joe.
Frits van Paasschen: As regards our relationships with developers here in China, the key here is -- what we've been pursuing is what we call an anchor/partner strategy. And that's finding key partners whether they're focused on certain regions of China or whether they're focused on certain segments of the market. And it's clear to me that if you were to compare the dynamic of owner relationships with here in North America, the relationships here matters even more. And what we've said consistently is our businesses is built on the fact that our owners and developers here, as well as other parts of the world, are profitable and they've gotten to know us, and they've worked with us for decades. And so as they look at new opportunities, a lot of the development that we're seeing is uncontested. It's based on developers and partners that we've worked with coming to us with opportunities, and us talking about which brand, which opportunity makes the most sense. And as I've said, these are virtually all managed hotels. So the other value that we bring in this market, especially is Italian [ph] pipeline and an ability to open hotels and make them profitable and well-managed from day one.
Frits van Paasschen: Josh, you've mentioned de-leveraging, and what we've said consistently for a while now is we want to move towards being comfortably in the investment grade. So we'll continue to focus our priority in the near term on debt reduction, and as Vasant said, we'll talk a bit more about capital allocation as we get into late 2011 and 2012, where we're likely to end up with even more cash.
Frits van Paasschen: Felicia, I can give you a ring after the call and give you some more details on the rate component of international comp[ph] .
Frits van Paasschen: I'm going to answer it quickly on behalf of Matt. The past-the-peak effort is based on our observation and objective that many hotels within our system, whether we own them or manage them on behalf of our owners, are still at levels that they were in 2007, in some cases, back to pre-9/11. And if we have a sustained recovery around the world, even if it's low in the developed markets, given the constraint on supply, as well as the rapid economic growth in developing markets, we should be able to get to those levels. And what Matt's doing is reading a series of initiatives from revenue management to sales force allocation to lean operations at the hotel level to procurement, looking at, literally, all the levels as you go through a typical hotel P&L to get back to those peak levels. Exactly when we get there and the trajectory for that, as you can imagine, is largely driven by what happens to REVPAR growth because we can control expenses on the cost side. We've done that, we'll continue to do it, and we talked about a goal of being at roughly half of inflation. So the degree to which we can get to and exceed peak EBITDA margins and absolute EBITDA levels will be a function of how steep the REVPAR increase is. And that, obviously, looking past 2011, is anybody's guess. We've given you a range of what we think overall global REVPAR will be for system-wide. But beyond that, obviously, it's very hard to tell. So we'd be speculating at that point.
Frits van Paasschen: Just to be clear, it looks like the answer to question is primarily FX-driven, but Jay, you want to get into that a little more detail as we get into it.
Frits van Paasschen: This is Frits. What we're seeing is, in contrast to absolute radio silence in 2009, is increased level of interest in buying assets. But I wouldn't say even though we're seeing a lot of money building up on the sidelines that we have a complete array of eager buyers. What you're seeing today in terms of transactions in North America have largely been focused by large, well-capitalized REITs looking at hotels that are in great shape in gateway cities, and by the way, paying pretty substantial prices for those hotels. But the full range of buyers entering the market in the phenomenon that we've seen yet, nor we've seen the full range of the hotels being sold. So while certainly the environment for buying and selling hotels is considerably better than where it was, we think it will continue to get better. And we look to determine exactly when that needs will sell hotels along the way. As you've seen, we have engaged in some transactions where we've been able to find an opportunity that makes a lot of sense for us, but we'll probably -- I'm not going to give a timeframe. Well, probably some time away from being really into the mid-cycle correction with the full range of buyer, and therefore, an opportunity to do a bigger transaction. Nonetheless, just to be clear, as we said on previous calls, that remains our priority and it's something we will go after when we think the timing is just right.
Vasant Prabhu: In terms of mix, we would expect globally to be 60-40, 2/3-1/3, rate, 2/3, occupancy, 1/3. China, we expect, would still be a double-digit increase, certainly a moderation from this year's level because this year, we've been running in the 20s and we've had the World Expo in Shanghai helping us. So there's a tough comparison, but we still see a good momentum, so we think in the double digits.
Vasant Prabhu: Incentive fees, as you know, the bulk of our incentive -- about 1/4 of our fees come from incentive fees, and the bulk of those are non-U.S. international incentive fees. Our U.S. incentive fees are very small portion of that. The non-U.S. incentive fees are really the first dollar incentive. So we have incentive fees even today, and so they essentially grow in line with REVPAR, actually in line with GOP, so a little faster than REVPAR does. Our U.S. incentive fees are a small percentage, and we will expect them to grow faster than the international incentive fees. But they're small enough that it doesn't move the whole needle that much.
Vasant Prabhu: I'll answer your second question first. You're right that on the international Owned Hotel side last year in Latin America, we received business interruption insurance from the impact of the big H1N1 issue in Mexico. We caught that in the third quarter. That does affect year-over-year comparisons for that business. In Europe, there's been a couple of issues. One, REVPAR growth in general was lower single digits that will make margin growth a little tougher. But also, just like we've had in our SG&A, the incentive comp adjustments at the hotel level, whereas last year, incentive comp was coming down, this year, it's going up. That does make some comparison adjustments. If we just adjust for those sort of on a run rate basis, the margins would actually have been up 100 basis points. The other question was the management franchise fees, that's really driven by the fact that our incentive fees are largely non-U.S. Our GOP levels are quite high outside the U.S., and these are first dollar incentives. So a little [indiscernible] sort of 1:1.5 ratio between revenue growth and incentive fee growth. And REVPAR growth, as you know, is going to be higher than revenue growth next year too. So if you apply that ratio, you get to the kind of fee growth levels we have. And then the other fee is related on the U.S. side. It's a small incentive fee, so it doesn't really move things that much next year.
Vasant Prabhu: As you know, we have the Investor Day coming. And we'll talk more about all those issues then. In general, we will step up some capital spending on our owned hotels. We will continue to run vacation ownership for cash, as we have so far. Clearly, leverage has come down quite substantially. Soon after next year, Bal Harbour won't need cash anymore. In fact, it will become a big generator of cash. So we'll pull that together and give you a point of view in the forward-looking capital allocation and where we see the cash going as we've been doing on the call right now.
Vasant Prabhu: Just coming back to the other question you asked about our Luxury REVPAR growth. I just want to point out that if you go back to our press release, you'll see on Page 3 that in constant dollars, it was 11.5%. The reason is as low as it is internationally, the bulk of our Luxury collection footprint happens to be in Europe. And we do have quite few St. Regises also in Europe. And if you look at the impact of Forex on Europe, which you can see again on Page 3, it is almost 12 whole points in this quarter. So almost all of the reason why it looks low is Forex-related and where the geographic footprint is.
