Arne M. Sorenson: It's just about what we expected I would say. I mean, I think our -- we've got both occupancy and rates driving the REVPAR growth, which is comforting. And actually we've been pleasantly surprised to see how much occupancy continues to build to levels which are quite high. But occupancy contribution, obviously, the REVPAR growth has some cost implications. And I think, really, what we're seeing is some normal drivers. There are some early signs, which are positive, around heat, light and power costs particularly for those hotels that are natural-gas dependent. That's a big deal. We're starting to see maybe some utilities that are shifting to that lower natural gas cost, and that might bode well for the future. But with normal growth in benefits and wages and those sorts of things, we see broadly in this 100 to 200 basis point increase in margin range about what we would expect.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, the 11% number that we gave you in the prepared remarks is for the Marriott brand in the U.S. That's for Qs 2, 3 and 4, revenue on the books for group business compared to quarters 2, 3 and 4 for '11 a year ago, same portfolio of hotels. And what we see underneath that 11% for the brand as a whole is something more like 16% to 17% growth in group bookings for the smaller hotels and high-single digits for the largest convention hotels. What that should tell you is that it is the smaller -- relatively smaller meetings which are leading. And by smaller we don't necessarily mean tiny, but we mean the meetings that are filling 300, 400, 500, 600,700 rooms hotels, not necessarily the big marquis meetings that are filling 2,000 room hotels. Now that's growing too and growing well, but those are meetings which have a much longer lead time. And as a consequence, we don't see necessarily something that is a significant change from quarter-to-quarter over the last number of quarters. Group, basically, is most businesses. So most industries, I think, what we're seeing is good appetite, and it's very much in the case from Ritz-Carlton all the way through our full-service brands. And I would say that generally things are good. I suspect one cautionary area would be around government groups, intensified in the last week by the stories coming out of that GSA meeting and we'll have to see what the ramifications of that are. But generally, group bookings look great.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't know if I can bucket it, mind you, but we're -- the occupancy numbers are peak-ish. They're really looking good. So I think that bodes well for a little bit more aggressively managing rate and mix in hotels. Obviously, not every single market in the United States is the same. In Q1, as an example, in part because of the weather, Florida was great, the Mountains were not. Washington continues to be a pretty a weak market relative to the rest of them. But I think, generally, we're seeing occupancy returning to peak-like levels in many markets in the United States, which should bode well.
Arne M. Sorenson: It is mostly volume. It's about 2% in rate growth. And remember, that rate growth is a mix of all prior bookings from all prior years. So while the rate growth for new bookings is better, maybe a bit -- maybe something like double that 2% number when we look at the bookings that are being made today. The rate growth is still going to take a little while to come along just as the older business burns off.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think we don't have a different appetite today than we've had over the last number of years, if not number of decades maybe even. And that is we remain committed to being a management franchise company and being as capital efficient as we can be. I think we sit in a place where we've got a great balance sheet, and so we've got flexibility to do some things where opportunities present themselves that we think are strong enough, compelling enough to take some exposure to real estate for a period of time. We would still look to recycle that capital. We've done, obviously, a bit with the EDITION brand, with the 3 hotels that we've got in London, Miami and New York, which are all working their way towards openings in late '12 or early '13, mid-'13 and mid-'14. And that's -- those are big bets on those, but we feel good about those bets and think we'll be able to recycle that capital well. And I think as we sit here, I would guess that we're going to see transactions in the industry step up a little bit from levels that have been a little bit low over the course of the last 3 or 4 quarters. And as it steps up, hopefully, there'll be some opportunities there that we can participate in, hopefully, with our partners. But maybe, in some circumstances, we do it without them. We'll have to see. There's nothing really we can forecast for you.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, the first quarter is comforting. I mean, we've talked a quarter ago about expecting and sort of budgeting around the 3% REVPAR growth for Europe for the full year and admitting that we wouldn't be surprised to see to be worse than that, maybe 0, maybe a little bit less than 0. The first quarter came in kind of right around those budgeted levels. And you can tell from the prepared remarks that, that is, in many respects, driven by the performance of the global gateway, global capital markets, the Londons and Parises of the world, which are dependent a bit more on global trends than simply the economies of those countries. And as a consequence, they benefit from relatively stronger economic performance in the United States. They benefit from travelers from Asia and elsewhere who want to see those places. And as we sit here today, we would say with 1 quarter in the bag, it makes us feel a bit more confident about the balance of the year in Europe. But we still are mindful of the fact that we've got weakness in provincial U.K., which has been the case now for 1 year, 1.5 years. We've got anxiety in France, which is increasing. Spain is not strong, and southern Europe is not strong. We have, for better or for worse, only one hotel in Greece, so it can hardly move our numbers no matter what happens there. And we're all watching Germany. We've got a decent distribution in Germany. The German economy is the strongest in western Europe, anyway. But there are risks there, and we'll sort of watch them. I think the other bright spot over there and where we are quite strong is Russia and the East. We've got a strong distribution of hotels there, and I think we see, by and large, continued strong performance on those markets.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's possible. I mean, I think, we're -- investing in capital is most compelling, and this is a matter of theory. So sometimes theory gets overtaken by specific opportunities that get presented. But as a matter of theory, the most compelling place to invest our capital is in new platforms for growth. EDITION is an example of that. It's a brand new brand and to get it launched -- we maybe should have done this a whole lot earlier. I think we could take that criticism. But to get this launched, to control some real estate in these key markets is a strong way to get that brand going, and we think there will be pay-off not just from those precise hotels but from the way the brand grows with our third-party developers. Similarly, I think, when you look outside the U.S., you look in continued growth in France where we have about 15 hotels today, but it's obviously a big lodging market. How do we go farther? We have done some Courtyard development on balance sheet. And I think maybe as we sit here today, Carl, we own 2, something like that? And we could see that, that in effect is like a brand -- a new brand almost, at least a new brand in a new place. We have invested some with our partners in the Fairfield rollout in India for very much for the same reasons. And so I think the answer is yes, we may. But to do Courtyard development in the United States as an example, that doesn't really meet that theoretical compelling argument. So I wouldn't predict we'd do anything like that, which is significant..
Arne M. Sorenson: Robin, you're very faint. I could hear you, but I'm going to just try and summarize your question for those that couldn't hear. But basically, Robin is asking whether maybe March was an inflection point in Europe where we went from a declining environment to one which is at least positive. I don't think you used words like robust or anything like that, but whether March was an inflection point. And I'm -- I would shy away from, I think, including that yet. We are guardedly encouraged by what happened in the first quarter in Europe, as we've talked about. But Europe still got plenty of risks, and I think the risks are every bit as much even as we sit here today to the downside as to the upside. It still wouldn't be surprising to see markets in Europe more in the 0% range than elsewhere. And we're going to have -- with the shift of Easter, that's going to be something we all talked about in Q2 and how that's impacted business particularly in Europe and the United States. And then, we'll have these events like the Olympics and other things which we'll have to help, first, ourselves understand and then, help you sort through to make sure you understand how the regular business sort of is performing underneath those big trends. But we would expect it to be just modestly positive, excluding those sort of big-timing factors or big events.
Arne M. Sorenson: If I remember right, the last week of March is not Easter impact. The Easter impacts are going to be an April and May story, really. I think if you looked at our calendar -- 3-month calendar results, as opposed to our fiscal calendar, it was modestly more positive 2/10, something like that, not dramatically different. And I wouldn't expect that, that's going to be hugely impactful to our Q2 numbers.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. I wouldn't overreact to the comments about China. I think we will continue to see China grow pretty robustly. And even as we sit here, the intake of new deals in China is mostly encouraging. It is, in particularly, in some of the biggest and most established markets where, by the way, our distribution is strongest. We've talked before about having about 20% of the luxury and upper tier supply in both Shanghai and Beijing. In some of those markets, we are seeing residential developments slow. And often, these big of residential developments include a gleaming new fancy hotel, often with one of our brands on it. And we do get asked frequently, not so much by folks focused on lodging but by folks focused on economic development in various parts of the world what's happening with China. And there is a perception that China is slowing a little bit from levels like 8% to 9% to levels like 7% to 8% GDP growth. So I think it's all relative. I think as a consequence, we would be a bit more cautious about new deals signings in cities like Shanghai and Beijing. On the other hand, we have been a little later in getting to some of the secondary and tertiary markets. And in many respects, the risks of residential bubbles in those markets are less, and therefore, there's less reason for the government to try and slow things down. And the government has got a powerful need to make sure that those cities are developed in a way that preclude the Beijings and Shanghais of the world from becoming 50-million-person cities, which is probably unmanageable. So we think there's still going to be tremendous opportunities there. In terms of the board on share repurchase and dividend, I think you can infer where the board is from our actions. We, obviously, talk about returning capital to shareholders with them every time we're together and share both what we're doing and what our plans are. And we continue to feedback to them what we hear from all of you about your preferences in the space, and we'll continue to keep our ears open on it.
Arne M. Sorenson: Those are exactly the kinds of conversations we have. I mean, I think on the first point, we would gladly partner with capital partners who have a set of objectives and requirements that are consistent with the project that we may be looking at. I talked about that Fairfield rollout in India as an example. One of our principal partners in that is essentially private equity money, opportunity fund kind of money, and they are as excited about that as we are. As it relates to EDITION, specifically, if there are opportunities that came up again and were compelling enough and particularly, if we had capital partners that kind of reduced our capital, those would be relatively more attractive than starting the the fourth one on our own, which I think we're not necessarily eager to do just given the size of the bet that we've already made. In selling, we have talked with a number of folks already. The 3 assets we have underway are in great cities, great locations, and they will be great hotels when they come out. So not surprisingly there are folks that are interested in them. It is easier to do a deal when the construction risk is out of it. It's easier to do a deal when it's open and there's some operating history to it. So we won't count on selling these things until they open. But it wouldn't be surprising that we could sell them relatively earlier than later. London is farthest along, so it would be the easiest, in that respect. New York is the least far along. And so it's an iconic building in a great location, and it's going to be a great hotel. But that one's got some more work probably before we can have real firm cost estimates, which obviously would be important to sell it
Arne M. Sorenson: That's a good question, Ian. I think we would say that the recovery is actually quite broad, as we sit here today. If you look at the numbers, for example, for the Courtyard portfolio and some of the limited service portfolios, Residence Inn is the weakest. The Residence Inn, because its extended-stay nature tends to lag a little bit. And you look at the performance of those other brands, which are broadly distributed across the country, and they tell you pretty reassuring things. I think we have seen a shift a bit in the last year from the eastern U.S. to the West as being -- the West is more likely to present the strongest markets, I think, in many respects than the East is. But you've got exceptions to that. New York is actually doing reasonably well, and Philly is smoking in the first quarter. Chicago is doing well. Boston is doing well but so is San Francisco and so are many of these markets in the West. So I wouldn't accept the characterization, at least as we sit here today, that this is a recovery which is limited or circumscribed somehow by just the big markets in the United States.
Arne M. Sorenson: That's a lot of questions about Washington. No, yes, no and no, no. I may have gotten those wrong. I think the current conditions in Washington are only partly related to the fact that we've got a presidential campaign underway. I think it also includes the timing of the congressional calendar, which has had an impact over the last year or so. And I think it also includes some apprehension among government-paid business about impact of future budget cuts and the like. So this is -- maybe the simplest way to think about it is in contrast to 2008 and '09, government was then the strongest part of our economy in the United States. And as consequence, Washington was the strongest market in really, otherwise, a lousy, lousy time. In some respects today, it's the reverse government business, whether that be travelers -- traveling government personnel or government contracting is not the strongest part of our economy today. And as a consequence, we see some impact to that. But all of those things together go into relatively weak performance of Washington today. I think those conditions will continue through the balance of the year. And as a consequence, we wouldn't sit here today and say that you should expect something meaningfully more positive in 2012. Post-presidential election, we will, at least, have one of those factors which will turn, and that should be positive in 2013. I think the group bookings in 2013 look reasonably good as well, so we would anticipate a better 2013 than 2012. New -- whether it's a new administration or not, you can find reasons why that helps or hurts. I think the biggest threat to Washington, long term, is a substantial reduction in the size of our government. I'll leave it to you and your political views, whether you think that's a good thing or not. But obviously, there is some prospect that, that could happen. And if that happens, it'll have some impact on government business in this market.
Arne M. Sorenson: No. I think when the dust has settled on the numbers we've reported that Chinese New Year timing is not a factor in the numbers we've put in the books for Q1. And so what we're really seeing is good positive performance in our hotels, stunning, really, in many respects given the supply growth that's been there and given some anxiety about the pace of China growth. We see the existing hotel performance very, very strong. The 32% growth of Chinese inbound to our hotels in the U.S. which we talked about in our prepared remarks, is just one aspect of the tremendous -- other side of the opportunity that China presents. So we have spent most of our time talking about growth in China, which is obviously one part of that opportunity. The other piece is welcoming Chinese travelers as they leave China to see the rest of the world, and we are seeing those numbers skyrocket from -- I don't have numbers for full year 2011 for all China outbound travel. But just 4 or 5 years ago, we were probably at 1 million outbound Chinese travelers a year. Within a few years, we'll be to 100 million outbound Chinese travelers, and the U.S. ought to get a big chunk of that. Europe will clearly get the big chunk of that. And of course, destinations in the Asia Pacific region will be the other places there. We want to be there to welcome them, and it won't surprise you that the destinations that Chinese -- new Chinese travelers want to go to are among the most compelling destinations in the world. That's going to include your European cities. That's going to much close to the home, places like Macau and Australia, and the United States. It's going to include the places like Hawaii and San Francisco and Los Angeles and Las Vegas and New York and the like. So those are probably the places where that leading wedge of new travelers will come.
Arne M. Sorenson: I can't give you a headcount number that's meaningful. I think we are seeing, as we sit here today, very marginal continued improvement in labor productivity. But we're not seeing a slippage of productivity.
Arne M. Sorenson: Thank you, all, very much for your time. We appreciate your interest in Marriott. Safe travels, and come and stay with us.
Carl T. Berquist: I think our guidance for the full year would stay at the 20%. You have some seasonality in there, and it's going to vary quarter-to-quarter. And it's also which markets are up and whether those market have hotels in them that pay big incentive fees. For example, Washington D.C. has some hotels that pay incentive fees, and those markets aren't up as much as many of the other markets that, as we've talked about in the past. So I think that 20% is probably a good number for the full year, and it will vary quarter-to-quarter.
Carl T. Berquist: The $3 million was part of that. I think the other things we had, we had lower relicensing fees as compared to the prior year. I think that's more timing. And then you got to remember that the MVW fees, they don't grow relative to REVPAR, so -- and you have those and the franchise fees as well. And then, you have some seasonality relative to incentive fees in there, too. So there's a lot of moving parts in there, so it's not just perfectly linear. The only other thing I'd point out is that the ancillary fees, the non-rooms fees, such as food and beverage, et cetera, was growing. It grew about 5% in the full-service brands, but it didn't grow at the same paces you saw with REVPAR in the room side.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. What I was referring to is the -- in the year, for the year or in the quarter, for the quarter bookings they came in stronger than what we had forecasted when we did our original one. The other thing that drove that was the attendance at the meetings. Attendance was higher than what was expected by the meeting planners, as well as us, and then, finally we had fewer cancellations, group cancellations, in the quarter. Now all those things combined ended up with better results than we had originally forecasted.
Carl T. Berquist: I think the attendance might be a trend in the sense, as well as cancellations. Obviously, as the economy continues to improve throughout the year, you would expect to see both attendance and the cancellations to perform the same way.
Carl T. Berquist: The end of the quarter, I believe, we were at about 338 million, right around there. But if you'd call Laura or Betsy, they'll give you the exact number.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. Well, with 3,700 hotels and thousands of contracts, at any given time, we're working with an owner on a contract here or there, couple of contracts. In this particular case, what it was is relative to the restructuring of the cap stacks for the hotel, as well as related to some capital that was going in into the hotel, we agreed to adjust temporarily some fees, and that's pretty much what resulted in the fee giveback for those 2 contracts. I think from time to time you'll see us do that. This quarter was a little unique. $3 million is probably a little bit higher than what we'll see in any given quarter, but it could happen again. But more likely, when we do these things, it's typically dealing with getting capital into the hotel or doing something with the owner relative to the physical asset of the hotel.
Carl T. Berquist: It's primarily our leased hotels that are showing strength and benefiting just from the REVPAR growth that we talked about in the managed and franchised side. The leased hotels are experiencing the same benefits. And I think, the other thing in there is Tokyo is coming on very strong. And last year, it's an easier comp.
Carl T. Berquist: Well, I think, as we mentioned earlier, that as we look at returning excess funds to shareholders, we're expecting that to be about $1 billion for the year right now based on our forecast. We'll do that in dividends and share repurchases. Obviously, we're sensitive to the stock price if we do that, but -- and also, to opportunistic investments as they come up. So it's possible that if we did have an opportunity that's not in our forecast right now, that number could change.
