Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, it's good question. I mean, I think the biggest reason for the difference between the upscale numbers and the upper upscale numbers is really about group. And, obviously, we've seen group demand build nicely over the course of the last 12 months or 18 months and I think, if anything, we see that demand continuing to build and, as a consequence, should get quite a bit better. Having said that, as we've talked in prior calls, I think in a building rate environment, transient tends to grow faster than group. That is the case even if group is quite healthy. And, obviously, one of the shortcomings of a RevPAR-dominated statistic, when you look at our industry, is it does not include non-rooms revenue that's associated with the group business. And if you include that, I think you get probably a truer sense about what's going on. I know a couple of folks have asked questions about whether luxury, for example, lagging some of the other brands is a sign of – an early sign maybe of getting to the maturity of the cycle. We don't believe that to be the case. We've poked at it in every way that we possibly can. And we don't think there's either a logic nor data to support a conclusion that there are any big conclusions that ought to be drawn by the difference between luxury or upper upscale RevPAR and the upscale RevPAR.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't think we want to give you a new 2017 model at this point, Felicia. But I think you've got what you've got to make some judgments.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, there's a big world out there. And I think in some respects, this is also a repeat of what we said the last few quarters. I think if you had asked us at any time in the last few years whether we would have added this many brands, we wouldn't have probably discouraged you from thinking we'd do it. And we wouldn't have identified AC in Spain or Protea in South Africa or Delta in Canada as being companies that we had necessarily targeted, but we're really pleased with all of them. And I think what we've found is acquisitions that seem to be priced in a way that allows us to get to creating economic value and earnings accretion fairly quickly, and priced well below our company valuation given to us by markets. You see that accretion quite quickly. And in every instance we've found deals that give us a new platform for growth. And that's the real silver lining here. We are not going out simply to acquire additional rooms to drive our rooms count, but we're really going out to try and either develop brands internally, which is cheaper in some respects but harder in some respects, because you start at zero, obviously, in terms of current distribution, or acquire. But in either instance, hopefully have a platform that will continue to drive substantial unit growth, new incremental unit growth, for those platforms which is what really delivers the great value. And I think when you look out through our pipeline, we see something like 25% to 30% of the rooms that we're working on already which are being pursued in platforms that we didn't have just a few years ago.
Arne M. Sorenson: But it is still the case that the full-service development which is being pursued in the U.S. today is a very small volume...
Arne M. Sorenson: Of new build deals. And they tend to be deals that have – often they're big convention hotels. You think about the Marriott Marquis and McCormick Place in Chicago or we've got a Marriott Marquis in Houston which is under development. The cities have both been involved in helping to put those deals together and to make them happen. We're not seeing a lot of full-service development which is happening independently from forces like that. So you end up with banks I think getting – opening up a bit for financing existing hotels in the full-service space, but not enough activity in new build to really be able to say that they're open for that kind of business.
Arne M. Sorenson: Asia Pacific is a big market, and I think we'll see hopefully – knock on wood – easier comparisons in places like Hong Kong and Thailand. Thailand was rough in the first part of 2014 because of political demonstrations, and it's much more stable today than it was then. We wouldn't expect a meaningfully different kind of performance in China in 2015 from what we saw in 2014, although to be fair, the quarters got weaker in China in 2014. And so, we enter 2015 with maybe a somewhat lower trend line, but still kind of a mid-single-digits RevPAR growth would be our guess. And you roll all those things together and maybe it gets a little bit better in 2015 than it was in 2014.
Arne M. Sorenson: Those are all good questions. Let's start with dividends versus share repurchases. And I – this is a conversation we continue to have, not just with our board but also with all of you in the investment community. And I think obviously, buying back stock is a inherently more flexible approach than dividends. It allows us, in an industry that does have ups and downs, to calibrate much more instantly. And also in a stage of our business where we are jumping at opportunities when they present in a way that's compelling, Delta being the most recent example of that with a $135 million roughly acquisition which will close in the next few months here. Share repurchase also allows us to flex up and down on a short-term basis in a way that accounts for the other investment activity that we've been making. We hear from the Street over and over again a strong desire for us to continue to return capital to shareholders. We don't hear a strong desire that that be in the form of dividends as opposed to share repurchases. Not that individual investors might have a view one way or another, but when we listen to the community as a whole, we don't hear a strong push either way. Your question obviously focuses in essence on value and the valuation of the company. We closed yesterday at $81 or so. I think if you take our midpoint of – and earnings release, that's probably a $26 EPS multiple or $26 and change, which is higher than our sort of 20-year average which we think of it as being about a $22. But obviously that multiple varies meaningfully whether we're in a growth stage of the cycle or some other stage of the cycle. And if you look at the kind of earnings growth which this business modeled in this way can produce, with RevPAR growth, unit growth, cost control, and good capital discipline, I think we see EPS that can continue to grow in the 20% range hopefully here over the next couple of years. And I don't think that valuation is a troubling one in any respect. And so, I think it's a long-winded way of saying I suspect we'll continue with kind of the approach that we've taken over the last, not just few years, but probably last decade or more. You asked about conversion of other brands, 9,000 rooms. I'm not sure I can pick them off the top of my head. I'm sure there are dozens of brands which are in there. I did walk through a hotel yesterday which has not been converted yet, but wasn't a loft and is becoming an AC Hotel, and will reopen as an AC Hotel by Marriott in the next 30 days or so. I think that's the first we've seen of that. I know Laura is looking at a list. I don't know Laura whether you...
Arne M. Sorenson: It is, as Carl said, it is a small percentage of the total amount that we're investing which is sort of run of the mill support to our owners, franchisees and development deals. I don't think we've mentioned today, but we've got in the 2014 – or 2015 spending, excuse me, not just the EDITION finish that Carl talked about, but we're building a couple of hotels in Brazil because we think they will give us a platform to leverage stronger growth in Brazil going forward. Those are fee ownership deals and obviously we'll turn around and recycle that capital before long. We are renovating, we've got a leased hotel in the Caribbean that we're putting $30 million or $40 million in. We own the Charlotte Marriott which we are reinventing to prove that we can take a 20-year-old Marriott Hotel and reinvent it and drive decent returns and that's probably a $30 million or $40 million project. We've got a number of those which we would not categorize at all as being sort of regular support of the development world. And in fact, as our developers are out around the world, competing with our principal competitors, we are absolutely convinced that we are not more aggressive in offering key money or other financial support to our prospective owners than our competitors are, in fact just the reverse.
Arne M. Sorenson: The U.S. – Laura can we pull these numbers out as we're talking, but the U.S., overwhelmingly the U.S. numbers are going be driven by new build, upscale hotels. Usually in secondary markets, secondary or even tertiary markets, so think about the brands we've had for some time, Courtyard, Residence Inn, TownePlace, SpringHill Suites and Fairfield, but also then the growth that we're going to be getting in the next few years from AC, particularly Moxy, I think the first will probably not open until 2017 is my guess. So I don't think that will drive significant openings.
Arne M. Sorenson: Remember we have a hard time predicting conversions because they're not in our pipelines. And I don't think we've got our 45,000-ish rooms to open next year broken down between conversions and new build hotels.
Arne M. Sorenson: There'd be a few in the next few months undoubtedly that are in there, but we wouldn't be very aggressive in trying to predict conversion, for example, happening in late 2015. We probably don't even have those discussions going yet.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't think so. I mean, we've added – we obviously have a good portfolio of brands, as many as anybody if not more, and we still drive 50% of our business through the Marriott Rewards customer base. I think our pipeline of customers that we connect to these hotels are successful in most markets and with most hotels of driving an immediate lift, usually quite substantial. And so, in no respects do we believe that we have too many brands and we've gone past that point. I think there are a couple of things to keep in mind. One is in this lifestyle space, we've obviously watched it for years. We've talked with you about what we started with, with Renaissance first and then EDITION, but now more recently with Autograph and AC and Moxy. And we think we now have five very strong brands in the lifestyle space giving us a good stack across the segments in that area. And each one of those brands, I think is resonating not just with customers but with our owners and franchisees and should have good growth prospects ahead, and I think will flavor the way our entire portfolio of brands is looked at. You look at our recent acquisition of Delta and it does very much stand on its own from a financial perspective with the existing Canadian distribution and existing Canadian pipeline that they have. But you look beyond that and we see an opportunity to compete in a space where we didn't really have a brand. And you see with Hilton and their DoubleTree brand or you see with Starwood and their Sheraton brand that they've got brands that participate in this part of the full service market that have been successful, and we think there's something we can do with the Delta brand in that space as well. Again, I think as you look forward, it's very hard to predict whether we'll find additional brands that are available on both attractive economic terms, which is essential and attractive on strategic terms. So we're not simply going to add brands for – without a view about our ability to grow them longer term.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, thank you for putting us with the haves, by the way. We appreciate that. I don't think so, no. I mean, obviously we are in an intensely competitive industry, and each of us want to better the other, there's no doubt about that. I think one of the things that has been interesting is the companies have gotten to a – collectively the big companies are a bit more stable and a bit longer-term in their focus than they've probably ever been and that drives I think more rational decisions in the way they compete for management contracts or franchise contracts. And if anything, if you said we're getting into an industry in which a relative fewer of us have that much more attractiveness to owners and franchisees that would probably tend to drive towards a bit less intense competition as opposed to more. But having said that, I think the right way to think about this business is it's an intensely competitive business and it's competitive for the guests that are checking into our hotels as well as the owners and franchises that we're partnered with.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's a big globe out there. But I think one thing that can be said is in virtually every market the biggest customer is a local customer. So, in the United States, for example, 95% of our business is U.S. business. 5% is inbound business. Now, obviously city-by-city it varies. We think probably New York in the U.S. is the most international city in terms of visitation. But the room nights are probably between 10% and 15% total, something like that. Obviously, you go to different cities and you see some variance. Even in China, in our hotels, the majority of our business, a heavy majority of our business is Chinese travel. It would be more mixed in a city like Shanghai than it would be in a Guangzhou or a Wuhan, but still across the country as a whole it's going be mostly Chinese business. And you look at what's happening in that space, obviously all of us are focused on currency these days. Currency will hurt arrivals in a place like New York almost for certainty. In fact, we think room night – international arrivals to New York were down probably 3% in the fourth quarter of 2014. Conversely, it will help for Americans, for example, traveling to London or Paris, and we thought we saw increases in Paris in the fourth quarter of sort of a mid-single digit percentage of American travelers. The other thing that's happening, though besides foreign exchange and impact that that has on the cost of visitation is we've got this growing global middle class that is driving an increase in demand, going into the top end of that funnel. And so, absent significant moves in foreign exchange, we would expect many of the world's best destinations to continue to drive higher and higher international visitation. Our Marriott Rewards Membership becomes increasingly international in its mix. That's no surprise. It really follows with our opening hotels in those other markets and it follows with the outbound travel from those markets. So you look at a place like Japan, Japanese have obviously been huge global travelers for 25 years or 30 years. And before we opened our first hotel in Japan, we had a substantial number of Japanese members of the Marriott Rewards Program because they came and stayed at our hotels in the United States when they came to the United States. Now that we have great momentum in adding to hotels in Japan, we end up with the extra benefit of having those local customers that we can sign up when they're staying with us in our hotels in Japan, as well as when they come to visit in the rest of the world. I don't know if that answers all your question. I've sort of rambled on around it a bit, but we think net-net that currency may have some impact in the short term. Probably they'll tend to offset each other, so we'll have as much positive from folks going to Europe as we'll have negative from folks coming to the United States. But longer-term, we'll continue to see an increase in internationalization of our Rewards Program and increase in volume of international travel, period.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, if you look at it – our two biggest markets are Shanghai and Beijing. They are meaningfully different in the way they're performing. Shanghai is New York and Beijing is Washington. And as a consequence, you see in Beijing lower RevPAR and lower F&B year-over-year performance than you do in Shanghai. Shanghai, even though we are now probably 25 hotels or 26 hotels open, I don't know precisely today, as we speak, but with Ritz-Carlton, JW Marriott, Marriott – I'm sure we're the biggest high-end operator in Shanghai by a lot. We saw RevPAR up in – above the 5% range, probably 6 or 7% range. And if anything, we see Shanghai continuing to perform well because there's still a lot happening in the commercial space in China, even with the government austerity drives for government spending. If you ask narrowly, do we see green shoots based on government spending, I don't think so. Maybe they're there and can be discerned when we get a little farther down the road, but at the moment our expectations at least would be that the government spending in art (59:49) space will continue to have pressure on it.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's a good question. I don't think that that's near actually. I mean, for better or worse, the longer RevPAR goes up and profitability of hotels improve, more projects pencil. And you can say for better or worse because if you could have a omnipotent kind of wisdom, I suspect at some point you would say, well, let's start to calibrate that back, simply because we know that there'll be a correction coming at some point in time. But our industry doesn't really work that way. So I would expect that the pipeline – and, again, this is sort of a U.S. focused comment, I'll confess to that. But I would expect that the pipeline in the U.S. will continue to grow. With each year, we see mid single or mid to high single-digit RevPAR growth and enhanced profitability that goes with that. You get to the Rest of the World and I suspect – by the way, each one of the last few years, our team in China has warned that we may see fewer signings this year than they did in the prior year. Through 2014, they've been proven wrong and we've continued to sign tremendous volume. But I suspect, again, that right now our expectations for 2015 would be China will sign fewer hotels. We'll bring fewer hotels into the pipeline than we brought in in 2014. And it might be less than we open, although I doubt that still, because I think the openings are still to come and that's a multiyear thing. In any event, you can see different dynamics in different countries based on this. And I'm hopeful that longer term one of the advantages we will have in the next downturn will be that we've got a big globe out there with growth that's coming from lots of different markets and they're not all trading in tandem anymore. So, obviously, you've got the U.S. which is dramatically stronger than much of the Rest of the World. And if we could envision an environment which U.S. growth tempered a bit and that would have some impact here. But that may or may not be duplicated in other markets of the world and maybe we don't end up with the same volatility we've had in the past.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I think in the first quarter we've got sort of a chunkier – a positive chunkier relicensing fee number, which come through the franchise fee line. As existing hotels sell, there are fees that are collected with the sort of relicensing to the new buyer. And there's at least one meaningfully good-sized portfolio, maybe two ,that will close in the first quarter, which will help us in Q1. So that may be offsetting what I think you're right about, which is that the FX impact on fees would be otherwise we would guess most significant in Q1. Obviously if currency stays where they are by the time you get to Q4, the comparisons will get easier and easier. Certainly the full year fee growth number is impacted by the FX by I would think something like $20 million to $25 million even. We think $17 million is the fee number if you look compared to full year 2014 actual currency. But if you look at sort of where we expected currency to be when we released our third quarter earnings, if anything, the impact on fees is even a little bit more than that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. We don't really have that handy. But clearly, given the U.S. numbers, we'll expect franchise fees to grow faster than managed fees. We have – the hotels that were recently opened in 2014 and the hotels that will open in 2015 in the United States will skew heavily towards franchised Select-Service and Extended Stay hotels. And managed portfolio by comparison will not be adding the same kind of unit growth. So even though we'd expect RevPAR numbers between managed hotels and franchised hotels to be roughly comparable, the unit growth impact to those things will be quite different. And then, of course, you get to the Rest of the World and there we'll see that the FX impact is most pronounced coming out of Europe, for example. And I don't have this in concrete terms for you today, but certainly the FX impact is likely to eat up the RevPAR growth and maybe even a fair measure of the new unit growth that would otherwise drive growth in both management and franchise fees. That will be much less the case in other regions around the world, but there will still be some FX impact.
Arne M. Sorenson: The Moxy in Europe is all new builds. And our biggest partner there is Inter IKEA, which is a affiliate, but not owned by or in any way sort of directly affiliated with the IKEA retail network. But the folks who are owning those hotels and developing them bring a lot of engineering skill and, as a consequence, are doing new build, often modular construction, and the ex-land cost is in the €40,000 to €50,000 per room range. Something like that. In the United States, we are going to be I think much more focused initially on center urban environments. As a consequence, the absolute cost numbers will be higher. The use of modular construction will be either nonexistent or certainly much rarer. And...
Arne M. Sorenson: It's a little hard to predict. So I don't – I know we've signed a couple of deals in Manhattan. I'm sure the cost per room is sort of well into the $100s. But I can't tell you off the top of my head what it is exactly.
Arne M. Sorenson: We'll come back to that one. Let's take the next question. We'll throw that one back in if you stay online.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I mean, we're obviously focused on – we had a meeting last week where we brought our senior operators in from around the world, which is something we do every January to talk – or every February to talk about priorities and things. We had a millennial group in to work with us on the second day of the meeting. I talked to every one of those folks as they left afterwards, and every one of them said I hate that you call me a millennial. And I think – I start with that only because I think it's – we're all talking about millennials or next generation or whatever. They are not a monolithic group. And what we see is that they are 20-something-year-old and 30-something-year-old professionals, consultants, road warriors that are already heavily invested in our brands. They are in many respects not that dissimilar from earlier generations of heavy travelers. They may be more technologically connected and obviously that's important to them. But they're maybe quite similar to earlier generations and quite different from some of their peers who we tend to focus on more when we say they are technologically addicted maybe, they are focused on lifestyle, they're focused on food and beverage. And we think they are flavors of all of that there, which of course is one of the reasons we have rolled out this new portfolio of lifestyle brands. And I think, with it, we will and are already finding that we're capturing their interest through both the hotels that we're opening and some of the great things we're doing in the marketing space. And we are committed through them, but also through all of our other vehicles to continue to drive index as well.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't have a group number for you for New York, but Q1 New York could well be negative. You've got Super Bowl, you've got snowstorms, and you've got supply. When we look at our New York numbers, and this is not group only, but whole hotel sort of numbers, we would expect New York to be a few hundred basis points south of the rest of the U.S., and probably the first quarter to be meaningfully the weakest quarter of the four.
Arne M. Sorenson: Okay. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and attention this morning and I look forward to welcoming you into our hotels around the world. Get on the road and travel. Hope to see you soon.
Carl T. Berquist: Yeah. I think when we did our Investor Day, I wouldn't look at that as a forecast as much as we're putting goalposts out there with certain percentages. We're very focused on G&A costs and managing our costs down. As I mentioned, we have some favorability coming in 2015 with FX as well as lower legal costs that are helping us. But let there be no mistake, we are very focused on G&A to keep those costs flat or growing at a minimum amount.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. I think there's a couple things that are affecting the incentive fees. FX, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, a little bit of a headwind. We've got some renovations going on at some big hotels in the U.S., full-service hotels that are great incentive payers that we'll get a little bit pullback there. Last year the World Cup in Brazil generated a lot of incentive fees; that's a little headwind there. But I – and we got some deferred fees in 2014 that won't repeat. I think your question about the portfolios of limited service, you could see as in 2014 we had 50% of our hotels paying incentive fees and that was up from 38% the previous year. So you're beginning to see some of those portfolios move in. They're not generating a lot of dollars yet. They're just starting to come into the paying. But as RevPAR continues to grow, you'll see those limited service ones contribute more.
Carl T. Berquist: Well, we have every now and then we talk about a hotel or some negotiations, but nothing that moves the needle.
Carl T. Berquist: I think you're starting to see some of the big major banks get back into the lending market for big hotels, but it's a very small number and it's very targeted for construction financing. And then I would also say it's related to whether it's a convention hotel or something involved with the municipality close by. The other thing I would say is there's a long lead time for those hotels, especially the full-service urban ones. We're seeing those lead times really stretch out to get those things open.
Carl T. Berquist: Oh, yeah, we have a small Courtyard in Europe that we have on the market, so we'll sell that. We'll also collect some notes that come due in 2015, and that helps us as well in that total recycled number of $600 million to $650 million.
Carl T. Berquist: Well, if you kind of put in things like key money and that kind of stuff, it's obviously in there. We also have in there about, I don't know, $80 million to $100 million to finish the EDITION hotels building. And I think as we grow with Select-Service, we don't need to put a lot of capital in to get new Select-Service hotels or put it in. I think if you added it all up, it's probably $100-and-some million that we'll spend in a year on key money and loans and all that. If you think about in 2014, we did the Atlantis mezz loan for $100 million and that would count as capital in 2014. So it's those kinds of things, Harry versus a said amount that you have to invest to keep the growth going.
Carl T. Berquist: Harry, probably about half the openings in 2015 will be in the U.S. The majority of those will be flex service and the rest will be throughout the international area.
Carl T. Berquist: Yeah, in the $600 million to $650 million that we're spending -- we think we'll generate about $600 million to $650 million recycling. Obviously the two EDITIONS, Clock Tower, and Miami as well the Residence. We closed a lot of the Residences in 2014, but we got about probably $50 million still coming over into 2015 from the Residences. We'll also – like I said, we've got small Courtyard on the market, we've got some notes that we're going to collect all together probably in the range of about $30 million on the notes. We've got some preferred stock that comes due in 2015. So it's a myriad of smaller things, Joe, that just kind of add up to that $600 million to $650 million. The biggest piece being the (53:49)
Carl T. Berquist: Oh, why we had the benefit? It was a one-time interest accretion true-up. We had been recording too much interest on a accreting bond, and we adjusted that in the fourth quarter as about $7 million benefit.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. Yeah, we think, with transition costs, transaction costs and just implementing all that, it will probably cost us a couple of pennies in 2015. But that's not in our guidance, Bill. And what we'll do is, as we incur those, we'll point them out to you as we hit those things. We're still obviously sharpening the pencil and finalizing all those estimates right now.
Carl T. Berquist: Yeah. If you compare on the group side – I don't have the number, but if you just think last year had the Super Bowl, which would be heavy group and not this year, you have a very tough comp relative to group business in the first quarter.
Laura E. Paugh: I'm looking at a list of the fourth quarter conversions and they're largely – I mean, there's been a lot of Autographs added in the fourth quarter.
Laura E. Paugh: ...largely independent. We also saw some conversions into the Marriott brand and Renaissance brand that were also independents.
Laura E. Paugh: And we had it – in the third quarter of 2014, we had a $15 million deferred fee that was recognized. So you've got a tough comparison in that quarter. And that was – you can read more about that in the press release for Q3.
Laura E. Paugh: So in answer to the question about shares, so we ended the year with 280 million shares and about 6 million shares of dilution, which would take you for diluted shares at year-end to approximately 286 million.
