Tony Capuano: Of course. Thanks, Shaun. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are increasingly confident in our ability to deliver at the top end of our range in 2021. I think, when we look at factors like the number of rooms we have under construction, more than 200,000 rooms, the lowest fallout we have seen from the pipeline in about three years, the accelerated pace of conversions, we are increasingly optimistic that we can get back to a mid single-digit net unit growth pace. But as you have seen with some of the data coming out of STR around the slowdown in U.S. construction starts, the reality is the impact of those reduced construction starts will make it challenging for us to get back to that mid single-digit level over the next year or two.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. I think that’s right. I think we are guiding to about 3.5% net unit growth, excluding the impact of SVC in 2021, and then 2022 and 2023 will be the years that we think will be impacted by that drop in construction start activity in the U.S.
Tony Capuano: Yes. The, sorry, Joe, the -- yeah, we talked a bit about 2022 pace and I think the -- there’s a couple of encouraging things. When we look at booking pace, we continue to see volumes increasing pretty measurably into 2022, and maybe just as encouraging, if not more encouraging is the pace of ADR growth that we are seeing for 2022 bookings. In fact, if you look at group bookings beyond -- in 2022 and beyond, ADR is actually about 3% ahead of what we were booking back in 2020 for the following year. So the ADR pricing power that we are seeing in group in 2022 and beyond is very encouraging.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. Sorry. That’s right. So excluding the impact of our SVC, our guidance would be 4% to 4.5% and we guide to the high end of that. If you would account for the impact of those 88 SVC hotels, it would be 3% to 3.5% and we are guiding towards the high end of that range. That’s correct. Sorry if I misspoke.
Tony Capuano: No. I think really, Robin, it’s a byproduct of as the year advances, we have more and more visibility on both fronts, in terms of the timing of the individual openings and the status of projects going out -- potentially going out of the system.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So as you know, group is a complex group of subsets of types of groups. Where we are seeing really significant acceleration is on social. In fact, in many ways, social group demand is largely back to pre-pandemic levels. We are not seeing rapid recovery in city-wide yet, the sort of big-box convention hotel city wides that we enjoyed pre-pandemic. And then the fall, I think, will be quite telling as we look for more conventional corporate group demand to return. The only other comment I might make…
Tony Capuano: … Smedes is that, we are seeing in the year for the year group bookings stronger than what we have typically experienced in a pre-pandemic environment.
Tony Capuano: Smedes, you can expect us to continue to try to strike the right balance between the expectations of our guests as they get back on the road and the financial realities that our owners and franchisees face. We will continue to be guided by guest preference and it is quite interesting when you read some of the verbatims that we hear from our guests. Some of our guests that are dipping their toes back into travel are still a bit hesitant about having housekeepers in the room and they appreciate the choice of housekeeping at their discretion. Others are vaccinated and feeling encouraged about the safety of travel and they would prefer a more conventional housekeeping solution. And so, I think, whether it’s housekeeping protocols, whether it’s food and beverage service, we will continue to evaluate and evolve those service levels by market and by quality tier around the world.
Tony Capuano: No. I mean, I think, we continue to expect to see deletions for the full year in that 1% to 1.5% rate. They -- excluding the impact of SVC, obviously, in terms of baseline deletions, they tend to ebb and flow a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. But on a full year basis, we are increasingly comfortable with that guidance of 1% to 1.5% deletions, excluding SVC.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. Again, I might give a different version of the answer I just gave on deletions. The pipeline tends to ebb and flow a little bit. Some of the indicators we look at, development committee volume for instance and we are starting to see an acceleration in our volume of deals, particularly in June and July in our biggest markets, specifically in the U.S. and Canada and in China and I think that is encouraging for us. The other thing is, remember, more than 25% of our volume right now is in conversions and because of the quick turn on those conversions, often those get signed and opened and never even make their way into the pipeline. And so that adds to some of the quarter-to-quarter variability as well.
Tony Capuano: Sure. I mean setting aside the fact that there can be pretty wide variations from market-to-market, the rule of thumb we have shared in the past is that a luxury hotel stabilized annual fees could be as much as 10 times the annual fees of a select-service hotel like a Fairfield Inn.
Tony Capuano: Great. Well, let me try to take both of those and Leeny may chime in as well. On your first question, Bonvoy penetration continues to recover. In Q2, we were almost 50%, 49.5% to be precise. That was a significant increase. We went as low as about 43% at the bottom of the pandemic. But it’s still a couple of points shy of where we were pre-pandemic at about 52%. But the pace of penetration recovery, I think, is quite encouraging. And then on your second question, I think, we continue to look for opportunities to make the program stickier to engage with our customers even as they start to get back into travel and we tried to give you a few examples. I think the new travel insurance program is an example. The Uber partnership, I think, is a terrific example. The new branded credit cards are a good example. And then just the number of app downloads that we are seeing with the Marriott Bonvoy app. I think all of those point to our efforts and the, excuse me, the success of those efforts in trying to grow engagement among our Bonvoy members.
Tony Capuano: Well, certainly, the fall is going to be fascinating to watch, as more and more schools open for in-person learning, as more and more companies get back to the office. I think the data that is perhaps most telling from our perspective is some of the statistics we shared with you on special corporate bookings. As we mentioned, those bookings rose 23% in June as we compare to May. And then again, it’s just the first three and half weeks of July, but we saw another 27% increase in those first three and half weeks of July versus the same three and half weeks in June. And so the magnitude and the steadiness of the growth in special corporate bookings I think is quite encouraging. And then you have heard us talk about this before, this blending of trip purpose continues to be a real and measurable phenomenon and we think it’s good for our business and we think it will continue well beyond the end of the pandemic. With all that said, we will continue to be vigilant as we watch the pace of vaccinations around the world, the effectiveness of those vaccinations relative to the Delta variant and monitor the impacts of that on our business.
Tony Capuano: Well, we certainly look at the pace at which demand is recovering and the amount of pent-up demand is maybe best illustrated by the pricing power we are seeing in rate. We knew we would have that in leisure, but it’s really encouraging to see that pricing power extend to both business transient and group. And in China, obviously, we have seen ADR come back at the same time and so you throw all that in the blender, it’s really encouraging, and I think, it’s just driven by the sheer volume of demand.
Tony Capuano: Okay. Well, so there’s a few questions embedded in there. I think, on your first question, the housekeeping protocols will really continue to be driven by guest preference and will likely vary as you kind of move up and down the quality tiers. On your second point, I think I tend to agree with you that in the luxury and upper upscale tier, I think that the expectation -- the guest expectations should be much more similar to what they saw in a pre-pandemic environment. And then on your third question, I am not sure I necessarily agree with that for the simple reason that what’s driving margin. Certainly, there’s the cost side, but there is the topline piece as well, and while it’s a single data point, we saw over 4th of July weekend, U.S. resort ADR up about 10%. But if you carve out just the luxury tier -- Jackie has to keep me honest here, but I think we were up close to 35% in ADR and so at that sort of premium and rate, you should expect some meaningful margin improvement even if you are back to pre-pandemic service levels.
Tony Capuano: Well, again, we have shared a bunch of data points with you today that I think underpin our optimism about the return of business transient demand. I do think going forward this blending of trip purpose that you have heard me talk about, we continue to think it’s great for our business and our industry and we continue to think it’s here to stay for quite a while. We are optimistic about the return of business travel. We talk to about 700 corporate travel managers every month and we are hearing anecdotally from our customers, particularly those that are in customer service businesses, law firms, accounting firms, consulting firms, that it is critical to their business that they would be on the road and in-person with their customers. If anything going forward I do think it may be a bit more difficult to determine precisely looking at a guest walking through the lobby exactly what their trip purpose is. We are not asking you at the front desk are you here for business, are you here for leisure or both. But I do think you will see a lengthening of stay as a result of this blending of trip purposes. And in fact, that length of stay is measurable and we continue to see that through the second quarter of this year.
Tony Capuano: Great. Well, again, thank you all for your participation and interest this morning. I hope you hear our optimism about the pace of recovery we are seeing in many markets around the world. We are excited ourselves to be back on the road. We hope you are getting out there as well and we look forward to seeing you in our hotels in the weeks and months ahead. Thanks and have a great day.
Leeny Oberg: Shaun, just one follow-up and that’s that we do believe that, while we are constrained by these lower construction starts that the industry has seen in the U.S., that we are going to be able to offset some of this through conversions and we are really pleased with the pace of conversion signings and the conversations that we are seeing on that front. Hard to be specific at this point about exactly where that leaves us, but that, again, as Tony said, we are confident about getting back to the mid single-digit rooms growth rate.
Leeny Oberg: Well, as you know, that’s going to overwhelmingly show up in IMF, Joe, from a standpoint of kind of the way that the quarter’s operating profit works at the hotels. So, and as you might imagine, with owners’ priorities in the U.S., we didn’t have a very high percentage of hotels earning incentive fees yet. The biggest growth in incentive fees was in Asia-Pacific, and frankly, the labor cost pressures are much, much lower there. So, honestly, I don’t think that there is a meaningful impact at all relative to the really rapid increase in occupancy that then necessitated that we get our employment levels in the hotels up as quickly as possible, and as you said, I think, there is a little bit of a lag there. But I don’t think it had any sort of impact on the profits for the quarter.
Leeny Oberg: So, Thomas, it’s a good question and I will say a couple of things. I think one of the things that is the most consistent in Greater China and the U.S. is the reality that the overwhelming percentage of travelers that stay at our hotels in those two regions are domestic. And so we are seeing -- obviously, you are seeing some of the same trends in the U.S. that we saw earlier in Mainland China, which is that when people feel comfortable to travel, the demand picks up really, really quickly, albeit with leisure being the strongest. And clearly, that is quite helpful for the hotel’s occupancy levels, because they are not traveling outside their country. But I will say that, I think, the trends have been remarkably similar in terms of the pace of ADR recovery at the same time. And I think the other thing that I will point out that is interesting is that in Mainland China you do see markets, when they do have a pop in some COVID cases, they do shutdown demand very quickly, because the cities are closed down. We haven’t obviously seen that same impact in the U.S., because the population is more varied in terms of kind of the travel and the way cities are shut down or not shut down. So in that regard, it’s perhaps been a little bit more fluid in the U.S. But we have seen really terrific similarities in these markets where the occupancy is so much based on domestic travel. I think the other thing I will point out is that the F&B recovery in Greater China, I think, does point out the real strength of our hotel brands there, and that, I think, has been really impressive as well.
Leeny Oberg: No. We don’t. And that was just for the first three and half weeks. Just to be clear, that wasn’t for the month of July. As you know, this is all in real-time that we are pulling this together. So we don’t have all those numbers quite yet, and again, as we said, that was for the U.S.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So a couple of things. First of all, I was speaking about Mainland China, and there, I think, the interesting thing is that, with RevPAR back to essentially similar levels in 2019, we are producing GOP margins that are 200 basis points better. So I think that shows you some of the work that we have been able to do on the cost management side and productivity enhancement side that would tell you that those are kind of good margins to think about going forward. I think in the U.S., Robin, the interesting thing here is that we have got a lot of those similar productivity and cost enhancements that we have done here, which would lead you to some similar sort of conclusions. I think the thing you have to think about is how quickly do labor costs and benefit cost increase. So as we talked about before, if ADR recovers really quickly, and you have got these productivity and cost enhancements in place, you have probably got a similar opportunity in the U.S. for those similar kinds of numbers that we talked about in Mainland China. But, again, a lot of this depends on how quickly it all comes back in the U.S. and also what’s going on with wage rates and benefit costs.
Leeny Oberg: So just broadly speaking, the non-RevPAR fees, Stephen, are made up of kind of a variety of things. But the biggest chunk of them that make up -- again when you think about it going back to 2019, call it, $579 million, the biggest chunk is obviously the credit card. And that is going to overwhelmingly relate to both the number of cardholders and the amount they spend on their co-brand cards. And as we talked about today, their spending has actually gone back to 2019 levels, and you saw the similar thing happened to our co-brand fees. So I think both the power of Bonvoy combined with sort of general level of consumer spend and health of the economy, particularly obviously the U.S. and fees are overwhelmingly driven by the U.S. cardholders, is how you should think about that. I think you are going to continue to see outsized growth in our residential branding fees, although they are obviously meaningfully smaller. But timeshare fees is much more of a stable number because, as you know, those are overwhelmingly fixed. So I think the biggest driver is really how you think about consumer credit card spend on our co-brand cards.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. So they are just -- they are meaningfully smaller depending on kind of the economic structure of the credit card business in those various countries. And obviously, the U.S. is a very, very large market. So, yes, we are, and we expect to continue to see increases in our international credit card co-brand card fees. And as we talked about in this insurance, travel insurance business that we are entering into, we should also be able to benefit there as well. But I would not expect them to be meaningful in terms of Marriott’s overall earnings stream.
Leeny Oberg: Well, honestly, they range all over the map. Just to give you a sense, when you go back to 2019, we basically were in a position where our full service hotels about half of them were earning incentive fees, and overall, for the U.S., it was, call it, 56% when you take in our limited service and there you obviously had occupancies up into the 70s. But, otherwise, I will say it’s a big mishmash depending on the specifics. The counter to that is as we described in Greater China, where we are at 77% earning in the year-to-date numbers for IMF and back in 2019, it was at 86%. So you can see that they behave much more in line with base fees, while in the U.S., you really have a ways to go before we back to earning meaningful incentive fees from the U.S.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Absolutely. I think, as you pointed out, David, we are seeing tremendous progress. Our credit ratios are absolutely improving literally month-by-month and we are really pleased with the progress. First and foremost, we want to get our credit ratios back in line with being a strong investment-grade credit. That is the first priority and we are well on our way and so I do think we are going to be talking about capital return sooner rather than later. As you know, David, so much of this is around the pace of continued global vaccination rates, as well as restrictions on travel and consumers’ comfort with travel, both domestically and internationally, as well as people returning to their offices, et cetera. So as we said, we can’t predict and give you RevPAR and earnings outlooks in specifics. But if we continue to see really strong progress like we have been seeing, we could absolutely imagine that we are talking about capital return later on in 2022. Exactly when we are able to count on that and have a discussion with our Board on that topic remains to be seen. But you certainly can envision a scenario that, assuming things continue to progress, if that is the case.
Leeny Oberg: No. Except to say that we, again, would want to feel like we are squarely staying there, i.e., that the market is -- the lodging recovery has stabilized, that things have gotten to a position where reaching that 3 times to 3.5 times is something that we foresee being very solid going forward. But think that other than that there’s no additional constraints.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah. They do -- they are really quite variable during the year. You could have one quarter with 7,000. You could have one quarter with 1,000. So it’s really it varies and we do look at this region by region very carefully and looking at expirations and how things are going. So it is -- continues to be, as Tony said, it continues to be our best estimate at this point. It is clearly better than where we were earlier in the year, because again, we had a wider range that we were considering, and we have been able to firm up that range so that we feel better to say that we will be in the space that says we would be at the top end of that 3% to 3.5% range. And I should add, part of the comfort around that is with the openings as well that we have greater visibility on the openings and we are extremely pleased with the openings in the second quarter and year-to-date.
Leeny Oberg: The only other thing I will add to that is the reality that so much of this depends on macroeconomic factors. And so as consumer confidence and consumer spending and general economic growth continue, that will be an important part of being able to continue to see this growth in demand and that has also -- always had an impact on how companies do their group bookings, do their business trips, et cetera, and that is another element of this price power.
Leeny Oberg: We will get Jackie to get back to you with super specific. But I think the reality, Bill, overall, if you are still seeing big chunks of association, corporate and government nights in 2022. But at the margin, where we are seeing the strongest kind of in the period, for the period demand is in both the smaller and medium-sized groups, as well as the social groups, where, in many cases, they have put off having events for a year and now coming forward. But, again, when we think about the big chunks of business, we have still got, I mean, you -- I am sure you have heard from Gaylord about their bookings. There’s still a wide swath across all the big segments of group business for 2022. The other thing to point out is that we still are in a position where the room nights are -- the current pace for group is still down for 2022. It’s just down a lot less than it used to be and that it also -- we are seeing strong rate, where rate is actually up compared to 2019. And with each progressing quarter, you see those nights improve as you move farther and farther away from Q3 of 2021, where there’s still obviously some concern around these variants.
