Arne Sorenson: Yes, well good morning Harry. Obviously the strength of the economy is the biggest question I think in terms of forecasting how we are likely to perform in the coming quarters. And to some extent is the place maybe you can see this up a little bit over the second quarter. I think as we guided a quarter ago we have an overly rosy view about the strength of GDP in the United States particularly and as a consequence we continue to stick with our 3% to 5% REVPAR for the full year that we have provided at the beginning of the year. I think today we have obviously experienced actual second quarter number which came in essentially right at the low end of our guidance in the United States and a little bit below the end globally when you factor in some of what’s happening around the world. And that I think is fundamentally a reflection of lower GDP growth in the United States that wont’ be anticipated. But it is still positive GDP growth, I think to some extent the question you and we could ask of ourselves is we what more solid, more confident in the kind of guidance we are giving today than what we gave a quarter ago. And I think the best answer to that is that we now are making forecast based on essentially the current face of GDP growth in the United States which is weak not on a more rosy scenario. Is it possible the U.S. economy performs worse than that, of course it is. But when you look at the range of economic data that comes out including recent employment reports and consumer confidence reports and corporate profits and some of those sorts of things, it looks to us like it’s a reasonable good bet that the economy will continue to grow, albeit grow maybe somewhat anemically. And there does not appear to be data out there which would suggest that it is getting meaningfully weaker from a GDP perspective. But that is the question that continues to keep your eye on.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. I think it’s good question Robin, and good morning. As we put out in the press release and the prepared remarks we have seen really some construction pace expand. And I would think about Europe and North America has been primarily examples of that. And that is about construction workers and supply and to some extent maybe a little bit about how essential it is to get open instantly. And I think in some respects that in a somewhat weaker market, somewhat more anxious market that allowing the construction to take a little longer is a rational thing that some of our partners are doing. And as a consequence we see that the construction pace has expanding just a little bit. We are not seeing cancellations of projects however and I think generally what we're talking about is projects that formally we would have expected to open probably in the fourth quarter of the year opening some time in 2017. We've looked really hard at the incoming deals in our development pipeline, and I think we've been pleasantly surprised to see that new signings in most regions of the world are comparable if not up a little bit compared to gangbuster year we had in 2015, including new deal signed in North America. And so we feel that actually it shows continued strong interest in growing with our brands and is not really a fundamental change, but is a bit of fine tuning on whether we open before or after New Year's Eve.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, it’s a good question. We of course talked about that. And often we start the year with the two point range and I think fairly if you look back over the number of years we've been doing this, we probably keep a two point range longer than we should as the year progresses. We talk about two point range here that's the fact of the matter is to have a two point range at this stage of the year implies on the low end a much, much worst potential performance than we think is even potential. And on the high end in many respects requires us to envision a performance that is more optimistic than we think is really probable. And so, as we went through this and you can see obviously we give out four [ph] point range in our guidance for Q3 and then again for Q4. To some extend you can do the math and see how that impact, in the sense you could say that our roughly three is kind of like a 2.5 to 3.5 which would be the more normal range to look at. But we think we should be fairly close to three as the year comes in based on group and our present expectations about GDP growth.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. And remember this is the collective of decisions that are being made by our partners in many respects not by us. But I would say that it is probably in the U.S. more about construction pace and the level of construction that's going on around the country. I think in somewhere like the Middle East and Africa it's probably a little bit more about the sense that the market essentially that you don't need to rush to get it done. But they continue to move forward with it. I really don't think it is a significant or cataclysmic change.
Arne Sorenson: Well, the Chinese government does have the ability to take deals into a Phase 3, and obviously we can't speak for the Chinese government and have no regard for the fact that they've got to run their process in a way that meets with their needs. Having said that, we obviously are in communication with the staff over there, we've provided very, very significant amounts of information over the course for the last six or eight months something like that. And believe that the information that they need they have in hand and based on what we hear we are optimistic again that we should be done in the next few weeks.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. I'm not sure if I'm going to answer that, off top of my head. I think that the kind of pace we saw in the second quarter is more or less what we'd expect to take place over the balance of the year with one significant clarification. And that is in part because of calendar timing and in part simply because of the rhythms of group business, group is meaningful stronger in Q3 than in Q4. Plus 10-ish in Q3 and a flattish in Q4, obviously that puts us around plus five for the second half for the year as a whole. And so, I would expect that we will see a group B when you combined those two quarters a more powerful driver of RevPAR growth than a transient business, transient of course includes both corporate travel mostly during the week and leisure travel mostly during the week-end. We would continue to expect that leisure travel is going to be stronger than business travel. And that business travel will be kind of flattish maybe up a point – point or two depending on the way things go. I think if you wanted to be optimistic you might say that we're bearing some of the consequences of the incredibly pessimistic mood that corporate had as 2016 begin, think about our perspectives in the first quarter. And that's maybe a little bit of a lingering impact and if there is because of the economic data that's coming out or corporate profits or other things, a little bit less anxiety going forward, maybe we could see that improve a little bit. But again we're essentially forecasting that kind of steady state, weak corporate transient demand, not falling off a cliff in any respect but just sort of continuing to bump along.
Arne Sorenson: Leisure transient, so let's see here, we've got a whole bunch of quarters in front for us, I mean, just make sure we're getting this right. We're probably leisure transient year to-date in the four-ish range something like 4% growth year-over-year. When you look at – so I guess that gives you a comparison to last year as well.
Arne Sorenson: I think 4% is the number you can be fairly clear about now. Year to-date, first half of the year about 4% leisure growth.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, we do. Interestingly from months to months sometimes by size that the data moves around, so we've seen bigger groups probably strongest but it does vary a little bit month to month. I think there is a piece of as though which is about availability. We've got really quite please to see occupancy continue to grow in Q2 delivering roughly half of our RevPAR growth. Our hotels are quite busy and we have clearly seen the booking window expand which is certainly one of the factors that would be impacting in the year for the year group bookings.
Arne Sorenson: No. I mean, I think the – still I think you look at the economic data, corporate profits and GDP growth will be the best indication to Europe where we think where that should go. Greenshoots, I don't know, I guess I sort of hesitate to use that phrase anywhere, but not surprisingly though when you look underneath averages you'll see relatively greater strength in the tech world than you will see to pick the other extreme in the oil patch. And Houston I think was down 10% if I remember right RevPAR in Q2, which is 10% of the oil patch in the United States obviously. And I think that's driven by bad aspect of our economy. The comparisons will get easier for oil certainly as the year ago along. I'm not sure that that means any of them will view business has been robust though in a way that causes them to get back to the level of activity that they might have had two years ago something like that. It does maybe mean that it shouldn't continue. It shouldn't decline from here I suppose that might be an optimistic way of thinking about it. But again, I think looking at corporate profits and GDP growth those are going to be the best things that drive the averages as a whole.
Arne Sorenson: All good questions. Thank you. We are – I know one of our principal competitors talk about this yesterday in their call. They were a couple of months, maybe three months ahead of us particularly in the marketing of their programs, but their data is got a few months head start for us. But I think what we're seeing in our Marriott Rewards Member only rate is very encouraging. We continue to see a strong year-over-year growth in Marriott Rewards Signups. We see that occupancy contribution from the rewards program is in the high 50% of contribution to the hotels. We see strong growth in apps download and Marriott.com business and mobile bookings and all those things. So, we're encouraged by that. It has had a modest impact, we think on RevPAR in Q2 probably in the 30 to 40 basis point range on reported RevPAR, which in a sense you could look at and say that is a negative impact of it. But this is a long term question for us. And really what we want to make sure we're doing is communicating clearly to Marriott Rewards Members that will have value because we know them and because they have loyalty to us and make it clear crystal clear, sometime contrary to the advertising or perception that's out there in the market, but make it crystal clear that the rates through our channels are at least just good if not better than the rates that available anywhere else. And obviously if that drives a meaningful share shift towards our channels that's a good thing and that's the bet we're making and we think it’s good bet. 
Arne Sorenson: I am not sure I can answer the first part of that question. But the second part it's there about the same. We did make a change a year and half ago on our cancellations window so typical business would be until roughly the first of 15 or I can double check the calendar on this whether I am remembering it right but I think roughly the first of 2015 we began to require cancellations 24 hours before stay in other words the day before the check-in date. Prior to that time you could cancel up to 6 PM on the day of the stay. And that has obviously reduced cancellations in the last 24 hour period. But when you look after that time and look at cancellations day before 2-3 days before we are not really seeing the material change from what we have experienced previously.
Arne Sorenson: It's a good question. There is certainly in the group space if you have got a shrinkage that is recurring sort of real time so that groups are showing up with meaningfully lower number than what they anticipated before that could be a warning that group participants or the companies sponsoring groups are less bullish about things than they were when the reservation group booking was first made. But again, we haven't really seen movement in that. So there is not data there that would tell us be where because of that in fact you can tell from our comments about group, group is one of those things that we look at that give us some solidity in our point of view about the future and the group attendance has been good and food and beverage spending has been good and so we that's sort of reassuring. It's a good question around transient cancellations again I don't think we have seen the shift there but I don't I can't tell you whether in prior cycles that would be a canary in the coal mine my guess is it's not very much because corporate transient business is booked so short before the stay that actually it doesn't show up so much in cancellations but probably just shows up in the booking itself.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, there is lots of business out there that we don't have in our hotels by definition obviously. We think we got about 11% of the rooms in the United States on a smaller share in the rest of the world usually dramatically smaller than that 11%. We tend to run meaningfully higher rates than the market as a whole. And we obviously do that with the purpose that's partly because of the way our hotels are squeaked in terms of their level of luxury and level of services that's partly about simply our approach to pricing. So there is lots of business out there that is more rates sensitive and can be persuade by us if we think it is in our interest to pursue it. Obviously we are also adding new units around the world. And whether that's 6.5% or 7% it is meaningful growth into our system and so we are with those new hotels making sure we can also grab new customers in order to fill them and do what we need to do and performance there has been great and so I think there is plenty of business for us to continue to go and grab. I think that business cannot always be grabbed at exactly the rates that the highest rate of business we have in the hotels but we do our best through revenue management and mix management and the like to drive optimal performance and I think we have done well with that. Obviously that's top line focus sort of number I would, let me stress something on the bottom line too and maybe brag about it a little bit. But I think the 100 basis point improvement in margins in the managed portfolio in the United States, 3% REVPAR growth environment is extraordinarily impressive and that is a bit about good management at the top line but it's also great management of cost elements of those hotels and both of those things I think tell you that we have got tools that we can use even in this sort of a anemic GDP growth environment that we are experiencing today that can cause us to deliver yes maybe it's lowish single digit REVPAR growth but when you put unit growth and cost management and capital return shareholders into the equation you end up with this high teens or maybe even better EPS growth. 18% EPS growth in Q2 and that's with $20 million less in gains on assets sales because we had that in Q2 of 2015.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I mean I think there are two big American lodging companies that are these brands are in first demand and of course we believe our brands are in first demand and we have got that to support that but I think there is a significant shift towards quality, I think that shift in many respects accelerates when there is more anxiety in the market and whether that anxiety is manifested by the way the equity investor approaches it or by the approach that the lender takes we obviously talking about that little bit in the prepared comments. Lenders are more cautious today and that caution is also going to force them to put their borrowers in the position where they are going with the strongest brands that pose the least risk in weaker environment and that's very much sure benefit. 
Arne Sorenson: REVPAR index. Who are we taking it from well remember the way REVPAR index is done. It's not Marriott against company B, but it is how does the Marriott Marquee in Time Square in New York compared to the four hotels or five hotels or six hotels that they have in that hotels competitive set. And as a consequence in some markets it's going to be for the Marriott Marquee I don't know on the top of my head what competitive set is but I suspect that it's a number of the big branded hotels within about a mile with that hotel. In other markets we may have Marriott that is competing against a limited service hotel because that's the other – only other hotel in the market or some other products like that or some independent hotels and all of these get rolled up and when we talk about 90 basis points of index growth that is a collection of taking from lots of different kind of competitors.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, Asia is really a bright spot. You can look at it for total REVPAR numbers that we reported in the quarter we obviously call that a number of the individual markets but you look across the region and see more often than not good strong performance. Sometimes in markets like South Korea that is aided by an extraordinarily easy comparison because of the crisis last year but you look at India with its 10% REVPAR growth that is driven by core economic growth in the country China we talked about with Mainland China REVPAR of about 3% in Q2 and if anything that understates China's performance we did have a shift in the way we report REVPAR year-over-year which is something to do with service fees and service charges and some of the fine tuning of that which has about 2 point impact on reported REVPAR in China in the quarter. And so if anything China is doing even better than the numbers that we reported. We have been pleased with China on the development side year-to-date we obviously read the same newspaper that you do and there is some anxiety there as there is in many other markets around the world but it seems that people are continuing to move forward with projects that have strength. And then, on the negative side Hong Kong has been sort of tougher market mostly because Chinese visitation has, Mainland Chinese visitation has declined. Some of that is currency driven given that Hong Kong's dollar is essentially pegged to the US dollar and so as a consequence has become more expensive as the US dollar has continued to appreciate around the world. We wouldn't expect that Hong Kong is going to change for the better anytime real soon. But it's time, but I think across the region generally we are pretty bullish about Asia-Pacific.
Arne Sorenson: Maybe Leeny will do that but before Leeny jumps in on this let me mention Australia given that you are with Macquarie, so I apologize for not having done that but Australia is a bright spot in Asia-Pacific.
Arne Sorenson: Just one other comment on that. If you look at our reported numbers and pay attention to the managed page as well as the system wide page obviously managed hotels deliver the IMF. Managed hotels have a higher group mix than the system as a whole. We only really end up talking about REVPAR. We often don't talk about food and beverage and other contribution that comes from group but that does very much drive profitability of the managed hotels and with the relatively stronger group there is, I think all the things that Leeny said are that much even clear because that performance in those hotels should continue to be a bit better than those that are more reliant on transient and less on food and beverage.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I mean, I think, its good question. I think our number for Q4 has gotten a bit better over the last quarter. I think we were obviously we are talking about three quarters a quarter ago left in the year not two and so we didn't give it to you for each quarter but I think we did say that Q3 was relatively stronger than Q4. I think Q4 numbers look a little better today than they did a quarter ago. My guess is that often the way this works is if Q3 for example were plus 10 or plus 9 point something in group business we are more likely to end up with group number which is a bit lower than that when the dust settles because there is not likely to be availability to take as much in the quarter for the quarter group business as we probably took last year. The opposite maybe the case for the fourth quarter though. So the fourth quarter hopefully will end up with actual group REVPAR numbers which are better than zero. How those two things balance out for the second half in the aggregate I couldn't tell you but it shouldn't be dramatically different than the kind of 5% number that we are talking about today for second half.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, you are going – you are taking us well into next year and I think that's possible. I think that – the good news here though is the 7% booking is a really year-over-year comparison. So that is a data point that is compared to the same data point at the same time last year for 2016 and that is a real increase of 7% in group revenue.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I don't think there is much more we can say than what we have already said. I will give a little bit more color. I don't obviously we have got folks in China that are helping us navigate through this and through them and through our teams we have been in touch with the Chinese authorities who are doing this process. I don't think it's political. I don't think it is extraordinary. I think it is the wheels of government working and as you can tell from our comments we expect we at least hope that we will be done here real shortly and be able to close the transaction. And close it on the terms that we have explained all of you. 
Arne Sorenson: Obviously REVPAR is a function of both supply and demand. Supply growing now at I don't know 1.5%, 1.6% something like that which is an historic terms is not particularly alarming maybe a little bit more than we have had last year or year before that but not a frightening sort of figure. It is very much factored into the guidance that we are providing both our supply growth and industry supply growth and we are trying to make a real world set of assumptions about the way we think our business will perform. Supply growth could be a little higher next year, but I wouldn't think it's going to be dramatically different than what we are seeing this year and that will continue to have an impact into performance. Generally an incremental point of GDP growth is about 2 points of demand growth for the industry and as consequence we could see occupancy for comp hotels continue to grow even in this kind of supply growth environment but it does depend on GDP growth and the more GDP lose of the more occupancy is likely to move.
Arne Sorenson: We have in some markets of the world push advance pay, market it a little bit more aggressively. I know the European team has driven a significant increase in advance pay reservations. I can't tell you off the top of my head what the percentage of transient business is, that is advance pay in but I know it's growing. I suspect it's growing modestly for the company but not dramatically. And but that is one of the tools obviously that can be used as well.
Leeny Oberg: Thanks, Harry. As we said – as I said in my comments we'll obviously as soon as we get going with this transaction and close we'll be working on driving that leverage ratio down to our targeted levels of 3 to 3.25 as quickly as possible. I think as well and I think I would fully expect that we would be engaging in share repurchase and enjoying the flexibility that provides as we kind of move forward. We always will continue to look at dividend, but for the moment we are comfortable with our 30%, roughly 30% payout ratio and would expect that once we get the target leverage ratios down to the levels that we'd like that we would begin being back in the market for share repurchase.
Leeny Oberg: Great. Thanks Joe. So, obviously we would have loved to have been closed by now in terms of having this call. And as you move through the year, the later and later the close you get the harder it is to know exactly where we will be three months from now or four months from now given we haven't closed yet. We – I'm not going to pertain to know all the details about exactly where every transaction is on the asset sales side with Starwood and so we will need to get in there as soon as the assets – as soon as the deal closes and evaluate exactly where it is. I think we do continue to feel very comfortable that as quickly as we can we will be back in the market and whether that frankly happens to be towards the end of the Q4, the beginning of Q1 does depend to some extend on exactly which deals close in the fourth quarter and first quarter. But I think give or take a few months I think we see it exactly the same place we did before. It just again, we don't have specific visibility on exact timing of the closing of asset sales. And to get from where as we said before we would expect to be somewhere in the ballpark of 3.6 [ph] and then want to get down to 3 to 3.25 and if we don't close until sometime in August to get there by the end of Q4 definitely depends on the some asset sales. So, we'll be updating you as quickly as we can.
Leeny Oberg: Well, so let's take both of those. So first of all just in general you are seeing good solid cost controls. You are watching the company do what it should do in a modest growth environment which is being very careful to look with adding positions and the reality is as we prepare for Starwood, I think we definitely have been keeping a very close eye knowing that we are going to be able to have great efficiencies by joining up with Starwood and so really not just kind of adding necessarily before the merger where we have an opportunity to do it afterwards and do it in combination with the reorganization of how we want to run the company on a combined basis. So I think overall these are good solid the $10 million that you have seen is the what I would call a permanent sort of solid reduction in G&A relative to cost controls and I don't think we are imagining that there is with the current standalone Marriott business that we would be imagining that we are looking at an environment of needing to do a wholesale reorganization. We do continue to think that they are fantastic synergies related to the combination which as you’ve heard, we are still confident that the 250 million of steady state savings in the combined company is achievable.
Leeny Oberg: Very good question. So couple of things, I would say we are still in the lands where we don't have kind of open sesame into all the information. So full knowledge about exactly how we are thinking about some of these technological platforms and merging them and what we will choose and exactly how we will do it remains to be seen. I think we continue to believe this is a two year process. But this integration of these two companies when you think about it kind of what we guided to get in there look at it and then figure out from the transition standpoint that it is a two year integration. It's definitely something that you should expect. In terms of loyalty, we have got a host of issues in addition to both the logical issues around platforms and reservation etcetera. We have also got some other things like credit cards and time share businesses where we need to work with our partners to get where we all want to go in terms of the relationship with the customer and that one is a little bit harder to pick exactly a time I think we have said before that we are hopeful by 2018 to emerge the loyalty program so I think the two year sort of estimate is for right now it's good as we can give you.
Leeny Oberg: Great. So, you are right we have talked about in general what we expect to do in terms of $1.5 billion to $2 billion of asset sales over the next couple of years. Once when we do this deal so first of all you can tell what Starwood has done so far this year they have done a great job of moving through their assets sale program and getting some nice deals done. We like you basically take our cue from them in terms of hearing how they are doing on that front and from that perspective we know that they are talking to a number of parties out there about some very good sized transactions and we look forward to as soon as the deal is closed to getting much more involved in understanding exactly where things are with the negotiations and the terms of the deals and the pace of those discussions. So I wouldn't really be able to hazard where we are in Q3, Q4, Q1 of 2017 except to know that I am sure you have seen Marriott track record. And that is that we don't want to be a real estate owner and we will be moving as quickly as practicable to recycle that capital but frankly I would expect that you will hear more from us at the end of Q3 when we have closed and we have got a better handle on where things are.
Leeny Oberg: So, on incentive fees you see that what we have got for the first half of the year and the back half of the year is fairly similar growth rate. Now we are looking so far this year where whatever 64% earning incentive fees and by the end of the year that will probably climb up a few percentage points. We have got a great breadth and depth now with greater international exposure across our portfolio where it's not quite the same in terms of the fall off. I think as long as we are staying in the kind of ballparks that we have talked about for REVPAR without a meaningful change I think we are in the right spot you have got the right kind of numbers. We aren't seeing that we automatically would have to kind of imagine that all of the sudden you are going to go back and reverse the one that you have. We have got a large portfolio limited service hotels that added nicely to incentive fees in Q2 and their performance looks to continue to be strong. So it's IMF performance was really nice and broad both North America as well internationally obviously impacted buyers from tough international markets but overall kind of strong growth overall. The other thing I would say on our IMF is that as you think about where we are from a margin perspective this performance is really top notch in terms of the kinds of IMF growth that we are having relative to the rep par growth it's really great performance and we feel great about the rest of the year in that regard. 
