Kevin A. Lobo: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's first quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me is Dean Bergy, our Interim CFO; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Also on the call today is Bill Jellison, who joined Stryker this week as our Chief Financial Officer. Dean will help support Bill during a transition period through Q2 and will continue in his capacity as our Corporate Secretary. I'd like to both welcome Bill to our team and also thank Dean for his support during this period. My executive leadership team is now fully staffed. As you may recall, David Floyd joined as Group President of Orthopedics last November, and Scott Bruder was added as Chief Scientific and Medical Officer in January. With respect to today's call, I'll provide opening comments and then turn it over to Katherine for additional details, and then Dean will cover the financials. We will then open the call to your questions. Looking at our Q1 results, we achieved revenue and earnings growth in line with the targets we set out at the start of the year. On a reported basis, our first quarter sales increased 1.3%, and excluding foreign exchange and acquisitions, posted a gain of 2.5%. However, adjusting for less selling days in the quarter, which reduced sales by approximately 2.5%, top line growth was 5%, with all 3 of our franchises, Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotech and Spine, achieving year-over-year gains. The U.S. had another strong showing with sales up 4% on a reported basis. As anticipated, our international results were negatively impacted by year-over-year declines in Europe, which was partly offset by solid gains in emerging markets. We continue to anticipate improving trends in our European business as 2013 unfolds, reflecting the impact of a number of initiatives underway to better drive sales momentum. Turning to our 3 franchises in more detail. On a global basis, Reconstructive sales were up roughly 1% on a reported basis, reflecting another strong showing in the U.S., which was up 6.5% reported. And encouragingly, adjusting for the selling days and currency, growth for our international Reconstructive business was positive for all of the key businesses, including hips, knees and trauma and extremities. In the U.S., while knee momentum slowed modestly, hips were strong and trauma and extremities grew at 26%. Within extremities, foot and ankle continued to roll, growing at 50%. And our joint preservation business, which includes sports medicine, implants and biologics, grew over 50% behind its new all-suture anchor. Worldwide MedSurg sales increased less than 1% on a reported basis, but when adjusted for currency and selling days, posted gains in both the U.S. and international despite continued challenges related to the previously disclosed Neptune recall. Lastly, our Neurotech and Spine franchise continued to demonstrate strong momentum, with global sales up 4% reported and 8% excluding currency and the impact of selling days. With a relatively balanced growth geographically and powered by double-digit gains in neurovascular, craniomaxillofacial and neuro Powered Instruments. Moving down the P&L, a few highlights to note. Gross margin, excluding acquisition and restructuring charges, declined 30 basis points year-over-year to 67.5%. However, this included a 100-basis-point impact from the medical device excise tax, which totaled $23 million in Q1 and is captured in our cost of goods sold. Importantly, we continue to make significant investments in innovation, as evidenced by the 15% increase in R&D spending versus the prior year. All told, these results, combined with the previously disclosed benefit from the tax extenders, resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.03, up 4% year-over-year. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2013, we remain focused on delivering on our financial targets, which includes top line growth of 3% to 5.5%, excluding foreign exchange and acquisitions, and adjusted EPS of $4.25 to $4.40. As in any year, we are navigating challenges, such as the timing of getting Neptune back on the market, and more recently, the impact of the rapidly weakened yen. With respect to the latter, compared to the start of the year when we set out guidance, based on current exchange rates, the total impact from foreign exchange is expected to adversely affect our per-share earnings for 2013 by roughly $0.15. If exchange rates remain at current levels, we would anticipate our full year EPS at the lower end of our targeted range. With that, I will turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, Matt, this is Kevin. What I'd just add is, I had a chance to visit a number of the divisions and I could tell you, we have exciting pipelines across multiple divisions. I was at neurovascular, endoscopy and, just recently, at instruments, and we have really, really exciting pipelines across the portfolio. It's fair to say that as neuro becomes a bigger part of Stryker, that clearly carries a little bit more R&D. But it -- as Katherine said, between 5% to 6% is what you should be looking for.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So the first thing I would say is, the message I've delivered since the fourth quarter last year is still the same. It's going to take multiple quarters before we start to see significant improvement. We'll start to see that improvement in the second half of this year. I believe, and I'm feeling more confident, because I'm doing monthly reviews with our European business. They put all the new leaders in place at the country level. We've just had our former Vice President of knees just take a new assignment in Europe, leading the orthopedic franchise within Europe. So the leadership team is very solid. I've looked at detailed action plans country by country, feeling very, very good about the plans in place. Certainly, we're seeing good results in the U.K. and France and some of the Northern Europe countries. Certainly, Southern Europe is still very challenging and will take time. But I can see the momentum in terms of how the physicians are re-engaged with us, how our employees are re-engaged. So this is something that we've seen happen in other parts of the world. It takes a little bit of time, but we're on a very good trajectory. And I would anticipate improvement in the second half of the year.
Kevin A. Lobo: So Cortoss is obviously the smallest of the products that we acquired with the Orthovita acquisition, and it's being sold today by our IVS business. It had a kind of a slow year last year but had a -- actually, a very strong first quarter. And we report our IVS business as part of our Neurotechnology and Spine. It was up very, very strong double-digit growth, and I think that's the product that is just gaining steam within the sales force. It's clearly not on the scale of Vitoss, but it's something that we feel very good about. It's an excellent product, and we had terrific results in the first quarter. But it's very, very small in the big scheme of things.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. Bob, it's Kevin. I'd just add 2 other comments, is that the trauma growth, if you look back over the past few years, has been really performing well. So even last year, the entire year of last year, we had terrific results. And that was absent the competitor recall. So this has been sustained strong performance, really over a number of years, in the trauma business. And on the foot and ankle, you could expect, certainly, the second quarter will continue to be very robust. And then we'll start to run against some comparatives that are a little strong, given the robust performance we had in Q3 and Q4 of last year. But certainly, we feel very bullish. It's a market expansion opportunity that's enormous, plenty of room for growth.
Kevin A. Lobo: And with respect to your first question, Mike, I think it's a great observation. We absolutely believe in dedicated sales forces, where you have specialized surgeons and, in some cases, we call it specialists serving specialists. And it's definitely paid for us, and it's paid off for us with focus and in really truly understanding the customer. The podiatric surgeon, as an example, was largely neglected by large device manufacturers. And they feel really embraced by us. And Stryker foot and ankle is actually now a strong brand. Same -- I can say the same for sports medicine. CMF was really the first pioneer for us in this area, and what we've also found is these specialized sales forces actually operated with much lower inventory. So they're actually profitable, because they don't have the same requirements of the large joints, which is the huge instrumentation sets and the accompanying instruments. So they can actually hold their inventory in what we call a trunk-stock model. So it's a very efficient model. It's a model that works very, very well. Certainly, we're looking at expanding this. And in fact, in Europe, we're exploring some specialized sales forces. I know it's a market that not everybody's excited about. But if you have the right products and you have the right surgeons, you can certainly pursue growth. So the answer is, yes, we're looking. But the product and the surgeon type really have to line up well. And we took the learnings from CMF, applied those learnings to our sports medicine business, and to foot and ankle. And obviously, we're enjoying very good success thus far.
Kevin A. Lobo: So the market estimates are a little challenging to come by here, but we estimate it's around 15%. Certainly, Wright Medical has historically been the largest company in foot and ankle. And with our explosive growth over the last few quarters, we're certainly close behind them. But it's really more about market expansion. The sheer number of procedures, if you look at hammertoe procedures, bunions, implants weren't really used historically. So this is really a mark -- more of a market expansion story than a market share story. And I think the mark -- what we'll see is market growths are going to continue to climb. But if you go by the latest estimates from both our company their company, it's kind of in the 15 sort of percent range. Our 50% [ph] , clearly, we had a bit of a softer comparable in the prior year. And as I mentioned, as the year unfolds, I think we'll see that growth rates start to moderate a little bit but still a very, very significant room to expand with procedural growth.
Kevin A. Lobo: And certainly, our customers don't really seem fazed at all by the study, given they're very, very small sample sizes and it was really almost 3 generations ago. It was very, very old product, and it's evolved very significantly since then. So the promise for ischemic stroke is still very significant.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. I'd just add, I had a chance to visit Trauson last month, and I'm very excited with the management team that's in place. We have Aiguo Wang, who is a longtime Stryker veteran, who's the General Manager of that business, and he is on the ground in China. Our integration team is well under way. And so far, everything is going very, very well. So it's an acquisition we feel very excited about. Again, it's early in the process, but certainly, the kind of growth numbers you suggested are still in play. And we feel that it's going to be very significant over time. The last point I'd make is, we are running Trauson very separately. So we have the premium segment in China and Trauson. The 2 General Managers are reporting up separately. They don't report to each other. So they're very, very separate businesses. If we -- and now that we've completed the acquisition, we're able to look at all of the dealers. And the distribution network is actually completely separate. There really is no overlap, because they're calling on different hospitals. So again, a very additive acquisition.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And what we're really seeing is full account conversion, something that we were incapable of doing 3 or 4 years ago. And that started really last year. So if you look at our growth, 26% is a pretty impressive growth, given that the first quarter of last year we grew at about 13%. So this has really been steady, solid improvement, a very stable management team, and launching really a slew of products over the past 5 or 4 years that have filled up our bag, that enable us to do full account conversions. And that's where we're getting big chunks of growth. And these are accounts, obviously, all across the United States. We still have room to improve outside the U.S. But in the U.S., this has been a 4- or 5-year process. And we still have a ways to go.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So you kind of sort of have to look at it over a series of quarters. And really, over a series of quarters, you'll see that the endoscopy business will pick up. We anticipate that through the course of this year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. We feel really excited about the DTC program, and we played around with the mix a little bit, in terms of how much television we've done versus how much print and how much Internet. In January, we were a little bit quiet on television. We resumed television in February and have seen the same kind of metrics in terms of surgeon locator searches, clicks to the website. And obviously, after you have the TV ad, it takes a couple of months, 2, 3, 4 months, before the patient actually will present for a surgery and where we'll see revenue. But all of the indicators are still very, very strong, and we have a compelling concept. It's working. Certainly, we had a terrific year in the knee business last year, as you saw. Obviously, slightly moderated in the first quarter. But it's nothing that causes us any alarm, and we are going to continue to invest. We are going to continue to play with the mix in order to really maximize the return on investment. And as you'll see -- you'll see us sort of coming on and off, but TV will remain part of our media mix throughout the year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And adjusted for days, it was actually high-single-digit growth. So Dean's commentary was all kind of on an as-reported basis. And obviously, with the selling days adjustment, it was high-single digit, a slight deceleration from where it's been in the past couple of quarters. But again, nothing that causes us any concern. We still feel very bullish about that business.
Kevin A. Lobo: So as you probably know, last year, we launched our total -- new total shoulder. But we have not yet launched our reverse shoulder. That's going to be launched a little bit later this year, probably around the middle point of this year. Once we have the reverse shoulder out in the market, then we can really go after significant growth. So shoulder is actually -- and if you look at the joint reconstruction, it's actually not a very, very big part of our portfolio, something that will be a big growth driver in the future but, thus far, until we have the reverse on the market, will not be a huge growth driver. On the other hand, if you look at the sports medicine implants, the all-suture anchor, certainly used for rotator cuff, which is also used for hip FAI procedures. But certainly, the huge growth in the shoulder in our sports medicine business, which you -- which I indicated, grew over 50%. So shoulder will be more and more important. And as you know, there are more and more specialist surgeons, upper extremities or shoulder specialists. We'll be calling on those much more aggressively after we have the reverse shoulder on the market.
Kevin A. Lobo: So the first question, I would say, we're not saying we're not going to have a slight uptick. It's either neutral or a modest positive is how I'd characterize it. Very difficult to predict. Today, we see, certainly in the orthopedic market, if someone wants to get their joint replaced, they tend to get it replaced. And we, as you know, have a high Medicare, Medicaid population as it is. So for the vast majority of our businesses, we don't see a big swelling of patients as you would in, let's say, if we were in chronic care or other parts of the health care system. That said, we think the medical business could be a beneficiary, since patient satisfaction will become a much more important component, given that it helps preserve with their Medicare reimbursement, and a bed is a key component of the patient satisfaction. But for planning purposes, because it's so difficult to predict, we're really assuming that it's not going to be a positive. It may turn out to be a positive. But if it is, we believe it will be modest in nature. And the second part of your question was Neurovascular. We continue to have double-digit growth in Neurovascular and are very excited about the leadership there. As I mentioned earlier on the call, I had a chance to visit with the team recently, just a fantastic management team that came over from Boston Scientific that stayed intact. And certainly, they're extremely excited because Stryker is investing significant -- as you saw, we had 2 follow-on acquisitions, following the initial acquisition of Boston Scientific. They have an unbelievable R&D team. And getting a chance to look at their pipeline was absolutely exciting for me. So it's a business that we feel very, very good about.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So I did mention earlier on the call that we have a separate management team for Trauson, that's distinct from the premium brands. And obviously, within China, we're going to maintain the Trauson brand. Our intent is to export those products to other markets. And we have significant room to grow -- to continue to grow within China. And we also have significant room to grow in other emerging markets. So our next initial expansion will be to places like India, the public sector of Brazil, certain countries where they already have a robust value segment. Whether these kinds of products will then one day make themselves to more developed countries remains to be seen. It's certainly not our first priority, given the vast amount of growth that we can achieve, first in China and then in other emerging market countries. But our intent will be to maintain the Trauson brand with these products.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So Accolade -- actually, Accolade II was launched only in the second quarter of last year. So it's still fairly early in its launch. It's been wildly successful. And that's really the biggest contributor to our growth within our hip franchise. We've also launched a new hip at Academy, a version of Secur-Fit Plus, which is for fit and fill, surgeons that prefer that type of a hip stem. So the hip franchise, frankly, over the last 2 years, as you've seen, has been a very, very strong performer and really on the back of terrific products with hip stems, as well as the dual mobility cups. We've had strong growth all through last year and that continued in the first quarter of this year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So just going back to our comments on the endoscopy business. Certainly, the capital component of that business, we anticipate -- that's our own business, where we sort of had a bit of a softer quarter. This quarter, we anticipate that, that will improve. But that's not a reflection of the market. The market is pretty stable. And our business, obviously, had some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. But I wouldn't call out any kind of change in the market.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. I think Medtronic clearly has a bit of a different business profile than we do. And I believe that they're -- that they followed up on their comment, really talking about the impact being more in the CRM or the cardiovascular space in specific countries, where we currently don't compete. So for us, Europe is more of the same, challenging market. It hasn't changed at all in the first quarter versus last year.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the second quarter 2013 results will be held on July 18. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will focus on providing our view as it relates to the reconstructive and capital markets. With respect to the reconstructive market, we continue to believe we are seeing an overall stabilization in the U.S. hip and knee market, and anticipate normalized revenue growth for the market to approximate the low- to mid-single-digit range. As has occurred in prior years, we believe Q4 Recon growth benefited modestly as more patients opted to use up flexible spending accounts prior to year-end expiration of those benefits. Consequently, elective procedures are somewhat stronger in Q4 versus Q1, and we suspect this trend continued in 2013, particularly as it relates to knees, which tend to be a more deferrable procedure versus hips. We continue to anticipate stable U.S. recon market growth for the remainder of 2013, and believe we are well positioned given our product portfolio. We continue to anticipate filing a 510(k) for our ShapeMatch custom cutting guides in the second quarter. While there's been some impact on the knee sales post the recall of the guides in mid-Q4, we do not believe it's been significant. We also continue to invest in our GetAroundKnee campaign, which has proven to be effective in communicating to patients and doctors the unique aspects of our Triathlon knee, which remains the only single-radius knee on the market. And with 5 years of peer-reviewed clinical data demonstrating the knee design's efficacy, we believe the Triathlon knee platform is well positioned in the market. Turning to hospital capital expenditures. The trend improved in Q1, although we are cognizant that these businesses are inherently more volatile. And therefore, we continue to anticipate greater quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in our more capital-intensive franchises. Nonetheless, we're encouraged by the solid performance for medical, which is the highest component of capital sales. Looking at our endoscopy business, we achieved double-digit camera growth in the quarter, reflecting the impact from the continued ramp-up of our next-generation 1488 Camera. However, this was partially offset by softness in communications sales, as this business is 100% capital and, as such, the timing of orders can vary quarter-to-quarter. Finally, as we've discussed previously, we do not anticipate at this time a meaningful impact on either elective procedures or our capital businesses from the ACA, although we will continue to monitor closely going forward. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dean.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, it's Katherine. I would just go back to some of the formal comments on the call. The quarter, nothing significantly out of expectations, getting back to that normalized what we think is going to be low- to mid-single-digit market growth. As we mentioned, we think there was some modest seasonality as we've seen in prior years, probably a little bit more so as it's been accelerating each year, which made the fourth quarter a little bit stronger. And that's very consistent with what we've commented previously. That's probably a little bit more so in the case of knees. It is a more deferrable procedural versus hips, and that's partially why we think we saw a little bit stronger hip growth versus knee growth. I would call that just kind of a normal Q4 to Q1 pattern versus any real deviation from what we believe to be normalized growth.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it was just similar to AAOS. [indiscernible] to be that different. We are still early on. As you know, when companies roll out new hip and knee systems, there's a period of time of trialing, getting their own sales force comfortable with it, and then typically focusing on their existing customer base. So I'm sure there'll be some impact out there. We feel really well positioned with Triathlon as the only single-radius knee on the market. That said, we're obviously going to be cognizant of what the competitors are doing. But it's probably Q3 to Q4 before we would really start to see any impact to the degree it occurs.
Katherine A. Owen: I wouldn't say there's any significant change. We've talked about R&D running between 5% to 6% of sales. That continues to be our expectation. It may be higher or lower in any given quarter. And the year-over-year growth rate, obviously, can fluctuate the timing of investments and trials and the like. But there's variability among all the different businesses. But that said, all of them are seeing increases in R&D spending. So for modeling, I would continue to assume it's going to be somewhere to 5%, 6% of sales.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Yes, I think that's a fair comment, Matt. We've been off the market since the mid of Q4 and obviously, we had pretty solid fourth quarter in knees. Clearly, we're not selling ShapeMatch. So there's some revenue impact. But it really is immaterial, certainly, to total Stryker, but also to our knee business. We estimate, it's hard to get really good data, but it's probably about 10% of knee procedures use some type of custom cutting guide.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Rick. And really, we need to file the 510(k). So that process is under way, and that's the key milestone over the next few months is to file that. And as Dean commented, based on our expectation, is it's going to be late this year when we anticipate getting 510(k) clearance. We anniversary the impact after the second quarter, since the recall occurred early in the third quarter. And exact timing beyond that is just too difficult to predict, but the key is obviously getting the 510(k) filed.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I don't think we could be that specific, Matt. We obviously saw difference in selling days. We had an extra selling day in the fourth quarter, roughly 1 to 2 fewer selling days this quarter. Trying to tease out exactly how many basis points seasonality was, it's difficult. But what I can tell you is, as we've seen in the last 2 years, with deductibles increasing, with unemployment, et cetera, it does seem there's been a modestly, and I would really stress modestly stronger seasonality impact in the fourth quarter and a corresponding modestly slower one in the first quarter. Overall, everything that we see points to a recon market that is stabilizing around that low- to mid-single-digit growth for the market.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I think with medical, it's -- well over 90% of that businesses is capital. So it is inherently probably the most volatile. And just given the timing of orders, regardless of the market, it can vary quarter to quarter. So it's not surprising that we could be better or worse than expectations. And I think that's just the reality of that business. With respect to endoscopy, as I mentioned, double-digit camera growth. That's obviously being powered, and that's a U.S. number, by the launch of the 1488 Camera. And we're pleased as that continues to ramp. But the communications business, which is dominated by our Endosuite, is 100% capital. And that businesses is also volatile, so it can be stronger or weaker in any given quarter. There's nothing there that alarms us. It's just the nature of having a business that's got a significant capital component. In terms of the outlook for the full year, we haven't given granularity around the 3 key segments. But with the growth that we saw this quarter, particularly on an adjusted basis, we feel very good about being able to deliver that underlying growth of 3% to 5.5% for the year.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I said we anticipate filing the 510(k) in the coming months, hopefully, some time around the second quarter. And we're looking to potentially receive 510(k) clearance late this year.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Thanks, Bob. It's clear our trauma business is seeing a lot of momentum. Similar to the fourth quarter, some of that was the impact of a competitive recall in Q4 that we talked about. About 1/3 of the growth was a result of that. This quarter, it was less than that, although we did still see some benefit. If you exclude that, we did see an acceleration in our trauma growth. And we feel really good about the momentum we're seeing there. Part of that is just having the opportunity to present to customers the breadth of our product as it's evolved over the last few years. And that's really helping us gain that competitive share. I wouldn't want to predict the growth going forward. We're seeing very strong momentum. I'm not sure I would extrapolate that in the models. That said, right now, there's a lot of momentum in that division and that group is really performing very, very well. And I'd highlight things like foot and ankle. I mean, that 50% growth for that segment is impressive, and that's been an investment there in the product launches we've had and putting in place a dedicated selling effort.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Joanne, I'll -- Dean can follow up on the share count question. In terms of emerging markets, it's bumped up by about 1% with the acquisition of Trauson. It's still well below 10%. Around that 6% or so vicinity of our revenue comes from emerging markets. We did close the Trauson acquisition during the quarter. It's early. But today, we're pleased with the integration progress so far. But again, we're early on. It's an exciting opportunity for us to get into that value segment of the market, and we expect it to help be a driver of expanding our presence in emerging markets.
Katherine A. Owen: Why don't I take the second part and then Kevin can address the first part of your question. There was some timing impact so, yes, we would expect momentum in endoscopy to improve as the year goes on. The timing is related to that communications segment of our business. Again, that's primarily composed of products, such as the Endosuite. It's 100% capital. Some quarters can be stronger or weaker just on the timing of orders. So yes, we would expect to recapture that. Camera growth, that we're very pleased, mentioned the double-digit momentum there. So it really is primarily related to that comm segment.
Katherine A. Owen: So we do plan to continue the DTC campaign, but that's really not being driven in any way by whether or not OtisMed is on the market. The revenue impact was immaterial in the quarter. Obviously, we did lose some ShapeMatch. But given the relatively low penetration rate, we don't think that's going to be a major challenge. Obviously, we want to get it back on the market, and anticipate that happening. But I don't think that's going to be a major rationale for customers, in large numbers, switching to competitive products.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. The revenue contribution, given the timing of when we closed it, was really minimal in the quarter. And just given the size of that division, I don't think we're going to start to break out the growth rates for that. Obviously, we did comment on seeing double-digit growth for our emerging markets business overall, but I don't think we're going to get down to the level of providing segment growth or -- for that business.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I think the studies you're referring to were really focused on the prior-generation or first-generation product and given this is a space where you see a lot of technological advancement in fairly short periods of time. But that study was from a product that was on -- originally launched a number of years ago. This is early on in these products' development. And there's going to be work to do to develop the market. But overall, we continue to be very excited, both for the prospects within hemorrhagic as well as our ischemic business, in total, for the neuro segment. That's been a great addition to our portfolio, getting into that space and expanding our presence there. I think it is a fair comment about reimbursement. We're going to have work to do, as you would in any new space when you're developing a new treatment modality. But I don't think that study changes the prospects we see for that market development.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say if you're referring to the value segment of the market, we do think it's probably growing somewhere in the 20% to 30% vicinity in China. We do believe it's going to be the fastest-growing segment of that market and then, will become a larger component going forward. For us, and I can't speak for Medtronic, we really viewed the acquisition of Trauson, it was a way to get some brand recognition. It's now in the market for over 2 decades. Obviously, if we invested starting now, we're not going to have that. They've got a presence there, and a capability in terms of their manufacturing expertise that was targeted at that value segment. We, like Medtronic and other multi-nationals, tended to be more focused on the premium segment. So for us, it was a way to balance out our offering and expand into both the premium and, more importantly, longer term, the value segment of the market.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say yes and yes. So there was some benefit from the competitive recall. It was about 1/3 in the fourth quarter. It was somewhat less than that in the fourth -- in the first quarter. It gets increasingly difficult to get really specific. I would say underlying growth probably did accelerate for our trauma business heading into the first quarter. I wouldn't point to any specific product. I think we've had the opportunity to really get in front of customers. And as Kevin has mentioned previously, really show them how much we have expanded our product offering, not just this year, but over the last few years, as we've invested. And we are much more capable of going toe to toe with anybody in the market, given the breadth of the bag. So it was an opportunity that allowed us to really leverage that product offering. So I don't think all of that business that we picked up will stick. Less of it stuck in the first quarter. But at the same time, our core business is accelerating from the fourth quarter. And candidly, we'd rather see the growth that way.
Katherine A. Owen: You will see the selling day impact. We had 1 extra in the fourth quarter and 2 fewer in the first quarter. That's -- the straight math is 2.5%. It probably impacts our capital businesses a little less so, but that's tough to tease out with specificity. So I wouldn't highlight anything in particular that we would view as issues. We'll continue with the launch of our power tool. Though, obviously, we're getting further into that launch now. The biggest challenge right now, that, that division is facing is, obviously, the Neptune recall.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I mean, it's not like every capital business all goes in the same direction in any given quarter. For example, medical had tougher comparisons -- or excuse me, had easier comparisons versus a year ago. And that's not necessarily true for our other capital businesses. I would simply point to the fact that any of our capital businesses are going to be variable from quarter-to-quarter, regardless of stability of the markets. In general, it's going to be more so for medical. It just happens that, this quarter, they were benefiting more so from a comparison. Whereas endoscopy, the timing of some of the communications sales were such that it offset some very good growth that we saw, with that double-digit gains for the camera segment, which, obviously, speak to the receptivity of hospital customers for capital purchases.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. When we talked about the low- to mid-single-digit growth, that's -- for us, that's what we're kind of walking around, what the market growth is for hips and knees.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, that -- I think it's fair that the seasonality comments we made for Recon are true for any of our implant businesses that have an elective component. And certainly, spine falls in that category. First quarter, it is, in the U.S., up against tougher comps versus a year ago. There's nothing that we would call out. That business is still finding its feet in terms of what the underlying market growth is going to be and, candidly, what our growth is going to be. But we've got a good team in place there, continuing to round out the bag and the product offering. And I think you'll see some movement quarter-to-quarter, but there's nothing in the first quarter that we would call out as a significant change in that outlook.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, your comments are correct. I would say, what we saw in the quarter was partly due to competitive product launch and that we're going to be filing a 510(k) for. That's a phenomenon that you're going to see in this business. We launch a product that we have clearance to re-process. The competitor will launch a next-generation version of it. And you can imagine, we don't really get a heads up on that. So there's typically a little bit of a lag time as we get the product and get the clearance for that. So that was one of the key components that impacted that growth year-over-year. We continue to feel really good about the momentum in that business, though.
Katherine A. Owen: And Kristen, with respect to your question about limitations, there's nothing that I'm aware of that would prohibit us from going into other segments.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. As it relates to capital, I would go back to some of our prepared comments, where the market seems to be somewhat stable. We're not seeing any significant departure. We really -- we saw some of that IT impact during 2012. But other than the normal variability you see quarter-to-quarter, right now, the market seems relatively stable.
Katherine A. Owen: There may be a slight increase. But overall, we're not assuming big growth rates or big changes in capital spending.
Katherine A. Owen: No, there's really no change to any of the commentary we've been making, both in the first quarter and before that, about Europe. Nothing specific country versus what we've talked about previously.
Dean H. Bergy: So Bob, yes, we have talked in the past about kind of our FX situation. Relative to Japan, it is the one place where we don't have as many natural hedges. The natural hedges really come from being able to manufacture in a jurisdiction. So in Europe, we obviously have a lot of manufacturing. We really don't have any manufacturing in Japan. So for that reason, what we're seeing here is kind of an unprecedented change in this currency, with it being devaluated 20% or so since the start of the year. We're really seeing a more significant impact from that. There's -- and there's straight translation impacts, as well as impacts on our cost of goods sold, as they come across to Japan and to some other jurisdictions. So under normal times, we would be able to manage pretty well on a lot of currency changes. But Japan is one area where we get hit a little bit harder. And there is nothing else that's really impacting what we're talking about relative to the guidance here. It's just this really unprecedented change with the yen that's caused us to call this out and suggest that, right now, we'd be towards the lower end of the range if this continues.
Dean H. Bergy: And Joanne, with the ASR in place right now, we would expect the share count to be right in the range of 383 million.
Dean H. Bergy: I mean, that assumes we don't do any additional buyback in those numbers. So that's our guidance, assuming we stay where we're at. Obviously, we still have $750 million outstanding.
Dean H. Bergy: Yes. Again, as we talked about the underlyings, we talked about adjusted gross margins. So for the current year, it's 67.5%. But that includes 100 basis points for a reduction for the medical device tax. The prior year adjusted gross margin was 67.8%. So the benefit that we got on the underlying has really come from 3 places. We are managing our inventory better, and that's resulted in lower inventory charges for things like excess and obsolete inventories. We did get some favorable product mix in the quarter, so that's the second component. And then the third component, which we've continued to talk about, is this 5-year plan that we have, or continuing plan, to continue to take cost out with our global quality and operations group. So that's really the third element. So if -- again, if you go through that math and take into account the fact that we did absorb the medical device tax -- excise tax this quarter, you're right, we did have those underlying factors that improved our margin year-over-year.
Dean H. Bergy: Well, I think we did a pretty good job with G&A spending this quarter vis-à-vis the prior year. But I would tell you that we've got a long ways to go. There's still a lot of opportunity in G&A specifically, relative to some of the things that you mentioned, shared services. I mean, frankly, we're just at the nub of what we can do there. Obviously, Bill Jellison's here, I think third day on the job here. But I know he's done these kinds of things in the past. And I think it's something that, obviously, he's going to be attacking as he comes on board here. So I appreciate the compliment, but I think there's a lot of real work to be done. And I think the organization is committed to getting after it.
Dean H. Bergy: Yes. I don't think there's anything that's specific. We did have the prior year CEO severance cost, which I mentioned there, of $8 million. So year-on-year, that's obviously a factor in what you see here, too.
Dean H. Bergy: Kristen, let me take the first part of that. We still have one piece to go in terms of the manufacturing transition, and that is -- will happen this quarter. We've got some Irish manufacturing to move over. We anticipate -- the other moves have gone smoothly. We anticipate we're well prepared for this. And then we'll -- it will go smoothly as well. So that's the one remaining piece, and we anticipate that will be done in this quarter.
Dean H. Bergy: So Jeff, this is Dean. We -- right now, there's one additional selling day in the second quarter and then pretty comparable year-over-year in the third and the fourth quarter. And relative to the Japan pricing, we do anniversary that in this quarter and, incrementally, that should help us. Although, obviously, the sales in that market are going down by virtue of the currency impacts. So -- but on the pricing front, it should help us incrementally. We don't anticipate that, that won't be an assist.
