Brent Lang: Thanks, Justin. I'm pleased with our progress in Q2 and I believe our success underscores the strategic importance customers are seeing in our products. I'm also excited to announce that Dr. Ron Paulus has joined our Board of Directors. Ron has both an MD and an MBA and serves as the chief executive officer and president of Mission Health, one of our nation's top 15 health systems. His experience in understanding the priorities and inner workings of large health systems, as well as previously being the CEO of a software analytics company listed on the NASDAQ will provide great insight to our company as we grow our business. His leadership in advancing cultural transformation in healthcare has led to improved patient outcomes and care team resiliency in an age of clinician burnout.  His work fits well with our drive to deliver the quadruple aim. We welcome Ron and look forward to his service on our board. In summary, with highly differentiated solutions, a large market opportunity and a large pipeline of enterprise deals in front of us, we are excited to build upon our momentum.  We are driven to help make a difference to the bottom line as well as to the quality of care and staff experience of our customers. Thank you for listening today. operator, we are ready to open up the call for your questions. Thank you very much.
Brent Lang: Hey, Ryan. Thanks. Appreciate it. We really believe that ROI-based selling is going to be a critical component for deals moving forward both because of the economic environment as well as because of the fact that this decision-making is now moving to more a centralized role within the corporate headquarters. The model was developed using research that we had done with case studies with previous customers as well as some third-party data that was available. We've done initial training with our clinical executive teams. And you may remember, these are a group of individuals who formerly worked as nurses and other clinical leaders inside of hospitals and they assist the sales team in working with our customers and closing deals. So, we started by training them literally just a couple of weeks ago. And they are now rolling that out into the customers. So, it's too early to have had any impact on bookings or revenue, but because the tool was developed in conjunction with some of our existing customers, we've been able to get some feedback on the viability and the believability of the tool and we've gotten some really favorable comments and feedback on that. So, we expect it to have a very meaningful impact on our ability to sell to these larger enterprises.
Brent Lang: Yeah. I think it is a combination of all three. We're certainly seeing a centralization of decision-making. More RFPs are being issued. Fewer departmental level decisions are being made and more health systems are looking to standardize on a clinical communication and collaboration solution platform at a centralized basis, so then standardized across their environment. And in conjunction with that, I think that the C suite in these health systems is very focused on cost just because of the overall economic environment and reimbursement levels and cost pressures that they're facing.  So, they're prioritizing their expenditures on solutions where they can see more of a hard ROI. And a lot of what we're able to do with the tools was take some of the learnings and findings that we've had in some of our existing customer deployments and try to actually put a numeric dollar amount on that. So, at some point, I can show you the tool that the tool is really a giant spreadsheet with a number of different inputs that can be customized for a particular hospital customer and actually uses both the data from that specific hospital as well as what we've found in previous customers to be able to predict the amount of ROI cost savings or revenue enhancements that we can generate through the deployment of our solutions. And so, I think it's a combination of the economic environment, plus the decision-making process that our customers are going through.
Brent Lang: Yeah. Both good questions, Matt. So, I think with regard to your first question, what's really driving this is a combination of the fact that both the VA and DOD are seeing really strong results from the deployments that they've already made with our solutions. And that positive word is spreading across the rest of these system. We have met a number – as you and I talked about, a number of certification requirements, security requirements, product qualification requirements, Vocera effectively is the vendor of choice for both of those parts of the federal government.  Clearly, a more stabilized budget environment is helping them make purchase decisions, but I think that more of it has to do with just the track record that we've established there.  With regard to your second question, you're absolutely right. typically, we see the bulk of our federal bookings in Q3. And so, we take it as a very positive sign that we were able to land these substantial bookings in Q2. I think it's really a result of not just being kind of a last-minute purchase, but really something that they're looking more strategically at and planning for further in advance. We still anticipate having a very strong Q3 of federal bookings as well. We've got a number of deals in the pipeline that are teed up for the Q3 timeframe as well. Just really a very positive trend line for us in the federal government.
Brent Lang: Hey, Mohan. Yeah, you're right. This was one of the most substantial wins. It's a joint army-navy facility. So, we had a little bit of help there. But I do think that we're excited about the fact that this potentially could accelerate our business in the other two branches. And anytime we can get visibility with a facility like Walter Reed, it's goodness for our business. We expect that to be a very high profile account and we have a lot of excitement associated with it. 
Brent Lang: Yeah. I think it's fair to say we absolutely the expect the growth rate in international would be higher than our domestic growth rate. As you heard me say before, we'd like to see international grow to be 20% to 25% of our business from where it is today in the low teens. And, obviously, in order to do that, it's going to need to grow faster than our domestic business. And the reason we believe that's the realistic goal is because we have very low penetration in the international markets that we're in. There is a much larger greenfield opportunity in those and we're starting from a smaller base. And so, as a result, the opportunity to drive growth there is very substantial. One of the things that we're learning, and I think we started this process last year and it's continuing is that, in order to be successful in these international market, it requires the same level of commitment that we would make to the domestic market here. What I mean by that is that it's not just a matter of having a sales rep in country, we need clinical executives, we need sales engineers, we need professional services folks, we need to be able to establish commitment to the region. And that's some of the investment we started making last year. And we're starting to see the dividends from that. The other piece of it are things like marketing support, lead generation, the air cover that leads to driving increased pipeline and increased deal flow, and that's something that I think you'll see us doing more investment in over the coming years – or month and years.  Right now, we don't see a strong need to expand out beyond the English-speaking markets. And you could say on one hand, why not be greedy and go after it all? Basically, the assessment that we've made is that there is such a large opportunity within our existing international markets that we would rather sort of double down our investment in those regions rather than going through the process of opening up another international market that may not have as attractive of a growth profiles of the markets that we're already in. And so, in markets like the UK, we're seeing good success after some of the changes we made there. Canada has been performing really, really well. I think there's an enormous opportunity in Australia where most of our business today has been in long-term care. We've only got a handful of hospital customers there. So, there's a great growth opportunity there. And then, as I've mentioned before, the Middle East is really the potential explosive growth opportunity. And we continue to see some success there as well.  So, I don't think you'll see a lot of expansion outside of our existing markets in the near-term, but you will see increased investment and, hopefully, accelerating growth there.
Brent Lang: Correct. It's kind of a hybrid model. We typically have feet on the street there locally, but we're also partnering with local partners who have the relationships and can help with the lay of the land in those geographies. Absolutely.
Brent Lang: Yeah. So, Sean, as you can imagine, we've got that large deal pipeline staged by quarter and stage of sales cycle. And we cut the data a lot of different ways. So, there are certainly large deals that we're expecting to close here remaining in 2018. Some of them were forecasted to close through 2019 as well.  And the cadence quarter-to-quarter is going to vary, but I think we should expect to see a couple every quarter. And that's why we're pleased with the success in Q2 to have four deals over $2 million apiece. It was a really good accomplishment for us this quarter. I'd love to repeat that kind of on going forward basis. And as we look out into the future, we've got plenty of deals in the pipeline to be able to support that. My comment around just predicting – making it hard to predict when a particular deal is going to close, simply just points to the fact that we need to have multiple planes in the area to be given time, so that we can have a handful coming in every quarter without necessarily worrying about putting all of our eggs into one particular basket. And I think that was the comment I was just trying to make there.
Brent Lang: Very high. I don't know that we've got a specific number. I don't think we've classified the deals by deal size. But, if anything, the larger the deal, the more success we have because, typically, when these enterprises are looking to make a larger purchase, they try to take a more risk-free choice by going with the market leader. The breadth of our solution, being able to be kind of one platform that combines voice and messaging and alerting and alarming altogether tends to work in our favor, and so I would say our success rate amongst the enterprise deals is higher.  We've quoted in the past a win rate in the 70% to 80% range. I would expect the enterprise win rate to be at that level or higher.
Brent Lang: We do, yeah. Absolutely. We ended up with capacity, extra capacity as a result of the acquisition we made and we've sort of been growing into that. But the efficiency of the teams has also gotten much greater. And I think Justin actually references in his script our ability to install these more efficiently has been proved over time because we've done more of them. And we kind of know where the potential potholes are and so we're able to project-manage around those. And I would say, at this point, the team is really well positioned to be able to handle an inflow of additional large deals.
Brent Lang: Yeah. So, let me provide some context. So, first of all, Qventus, for those not familiar with them, is a start-up company here in Silicon Valley. There are about six years old as a company. They have about 100 customers. And they are kind of the prototypical big data play where they take hospital data, they put it through a machine learning algorithm and they're able to identify key insights and learnings from that, everything from throughput bottlenecks in the emergency department based on looking at bunch of data or staffing challenges or patients with high fall risks. The technology can really be applied to a range of different kinds of solutions. The work that we've done with them up to date has primarily been around falls, reducing falls in hospitals and delivering that information out to the care provider quicker. The business relationship that we've established with them is a referral agreement. So, we're actually leveraging our existing sales force with those existing customers and new prospects to make introductions to Qventus, who will ultimately be responsible for closing those deals. So, it's not a lot of money associated with it because the referral fee is smaller than what might have been if we were a full reseller or if it was, obviously, our own product. The strategic reason for doing it is really more around highlighting the capabilities of the platform and the vision around getting to the sizing of the smart hospital that's enabled through data. So, it's not something that we're anticipating is going to have a huge topline impact because of the sale of the Qventus piece itself, but we think that it will help drive platform deals and help us actually win more of these enterprise accounts that will ultimately lead to the sale of more Vocera software licenses and client devices and professional services. So, hopefully, that gives you some context.
Brent Lang: Yeah. Part of it is just definitional. We're arbitrarily chosen to say that anything over $1 million, we're going to classy as one of these larger deals that we're going to track essentially in a separate pipeline just essentially for our own tracking purposes. The actual size of the deal, like you say, will vary quite a bit from $1 million to $2 million to much larger than that in some cases. So, it's hard to give a specific average, but, typically, it's going to be a function of the size of a hospital and then the brunt of the solution that they're deploying. Is it an Engage only? Is it a Vocera Communications piece only? Is it the combined platform? What's the level of penetration? And in some cases, it depends on whether they're buying for one hospital facility or multiple facilities. So, we are going to see quite a bit of variability in the deal size? The Franciscan example at $9 million versus some of these at $2 million to $3 million, obviously, shows that variability. So, it's hard to put a specific number on it, but I think it's more the way that they're being tracked and the way the hospital systems are thinking about doing their budgeting and approval process.
Brent Lang: I don't think so. No. In fact, that's our goal. Most of the purchasing decisions in the VA are made amongst the regional business and the budgets are typically controlled at the division level. But at this point, we expect to eventually be deployed across all of those VA facilities.
Brent Lang: Hey, Gene. I think I would separate it into two buckets. If you looked at the Middle East, I would classify it as a fewer number of quite large deals, enterprise, multimillion dollar deals. If you look at the opportunity in the UK and Australia and, to some extent, in Canada, it's more typical that it's going to be singles and doubles. They're going to be smaller, but more of them that we're interacting with. And the reason for the difference there, I think, is that typically in the Middle East, in many cases, we're going into new hospital construction and they're making a decision to go house-wide upon the initial opening of the hospital. Whereas in the UK or in Australia, typically, what we're seeing is, maybe a wing or a department, it's growing more virally from there. So, a little bit of a difference depending on which of the international markets we're talking about. 
Brent Lang: Yeah. Hi, Dave. In fact, there is. And we just passed through at about three months ago. And it was a big deal actually. We had to go through some very specific approvals. I can't remember of the certification off the top of my head. But that has actually been accomplished now and the team in the UK is actually using that as part of selling into new opportunities as well going back into the install base of customers there in the UK and doing it as a cross-sell.
Brent Lang: So, I would say two things. One of the biggest challenges of the UK market is that many of the hospitals are very, very old buildings that are made out of thick stone. And so, one of the biggest challenges is getting really strong wireless coverage throughout the facility. And it actually has become challenging even to run cabling because many of them are protected buildings and that kind of thing. So, that affects not just the Engage part of our business, but just the overall growth of wireless solutions. I think in terms of the demand for Engage, there's probably a little less integration demand in UK today than there is here in the US in terms of the number of different systems that they're trying to bring together. The workflows are actually very similar, but I would say that they are a few years behind in terms of the demand for wanting to bring all that data together into one flow. But I would say that, so far, since the certification, we've gotten a real positive feedback from the customer base. So, I think we'll see some nice growth there. It may not be at the same rate that we're seeing here in the US.
Brent Lang: Yeah. So, we created this strategic account group, basically, at the beginning of the year and there are now four people who are in that group. They act as a bit of an overlay. So, they don't own a geographic territory. They work in conjunction with our geographic based sales force. So, when the geography-based sales reps identify opportunities that are larger in nature and likely have more complexity in order to get the deal closed and to navigate the organization, then one of the strategic accounts team members will come in and assist with that. And then, independently of that, the strategic accounts folks are also calling directly on some of the larger self-help systems at the headquarters level. We would anticipate that we're going to continue to grow the strategic accounts group. It's, obviously, very small today, but we see more and more the market moving in that direction and see an opportunity to continue to have more resources in that area.
Brent Lang: Yeah. I think the way I would characterize it is that there is a growing awareness of a category here. So, the category of clinical communications and collaboration is a defined category that Gartner and others have identified it as a category, they've identified it as a key component towards the evolution that they see hospitals needing to go through over the next couple of years. And that's relatively new for us. For much of the history of the company, it was much more of a missionary fail for us where we were having to go out and generate awareness and generate demand for our solutions.  What, I think, we're seeing now is more proactive interest with an increasing recognition of the impact that communication can have on the efficiency and on patient safety and patient satisfaction. And so, we're seeing an increase in the number of RFPs that are being submitted into the marketplace and we're seeing an increased focus from decision-makers who have probably invested a lot of money in their electronic health record in past years and are now looking for ways to mobilize that data and get that data into the hands of caregivers at the point of care. There's a lot of frustration that the workflows that have resulted from the implementation in the EHR has created more difficult situations for both nurses and doctors, and so we often hear requests from health systems to help them rethink their clinical workflows and rethink how they're going to leverage the data in the EHR.  The other thing that I would say is that, as we've evolved from being primarily about voice communication to now focusing on both voice and text messaging and the alerts and alarms, the growing interest in the database communication, whether that's messaging or alert and alarming in conjunction with voice communication, I think, is on the rise. And what we're seeing in the marketplace is an appreciation of a vendor that can deliver a complete solution rather than having to get various pieces of the solution from a variety of different vendors and then having to force the systems integration to be done at the customer site.  So, broadly, I would say that the level of interest in our category of solution is up and that's, obviously, a tailwind for our business.
Brent Lang: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for dialing in today. We really appreciate your time. And we look forward to following-up with you. Have a great day.
Justin Spencer: Hi, Matt. I think you're thinking about those in the right way. The primary thing that we focus on here at the midpoint of the year is we're right on track with kind of where the business is at this point. But as we look now to the second half of the year, our bookings are seasonally up quite significantly and that's a typical pattern that we've seen over the last couple of years. So, we feel really good about where we are. We still have a lot of work to do in terms of generating new bookings in Q3, Q4. We feel really good about where the pipeline is, but those are seasonally higher. And so, we're trying to take a conservative view of trying to make sure that we set ourselves up to be successful and be in the best position possible to exceed expectations. All of the core revenue conversion metrics are progressing really, really well. And as we continue to deliver on our bookings targets in the second half, we feel like we'll be in a good position to hopefully come in in a strong place in the guidance range. 
Justin Spencer: Hey, Jamie. I would start by saying that we didn't raise the money with a specific deal in mind. So, it wasn't like we already had a deal in the works and we were just going to look to fund it. It was really the opportunity to put some dry powder into the bank, so that we would be prepared if and when the right opportunity came along. Secondly, I would say that, at any given moment in time, we're looking at a range of different deals and there are a number of companies that are coming on to market in our broader space, I think looking for consolidation opportunities and finding how hard it is to survive as an independent company. But, as you know, we tend to be pretty selective, pretty disciplined about which opportunities we're going to engage in. I think the sweet spot for us starts with, does it match our strategic vision around enabling the smart hospital or the digital hospital. From there, obviously, it has to pass through a number of financial hurdles to make sure that it's going to match with our business model. In terms of size, I think the sweet spot for us is sort of in the $5 million to $40 million in revenue, but that's, obviously, a pretty wide range. And then, obviously, cultural fit and all the other considerations that go into it. One of the things we've found is that we want to make sure that we were in the pipeline or we were in the consideration zone for the opportunities that came on the marketplace and certainly raising the money in advance is a signaling to the market that we can be an active participant in any of these many processes that might start up.
Justin Spencer: Hi, Jamie. The services margin is a function of really the leverage that we have in our fixed cost as we deliver two main revenue streams – the professional services revenue stream as well as the software maintenance and support.  The biggest driver in Q2 was clearly the higher growth in software maintenance and tech support and the utilization of being able to provide those services on a relatively constant fixed cost. So, there's a lot of leverage there. We do think that Q2 represents a solid baseline. We typically see, again, as the revenue continues to increase in the second half, following our normal seasonal pattern, we would expect our gross margins overall, including the service margins, to increase in conjunction with that revenue increase.
Justin Spencer: Yeah. Hi, Stephanie. So, our revenue mix is a key driver of our overall kind of gross margin structure. And sometimes that can be a bit difficult to predict. So, we tend to be a bit conservative with not just our revenue guidance, but as well as our profitability because, with the gross margin piece, the variables are not only the amount of revenue, but also the mix of our revenue, and that tends to kind of ebb and flow.  Having said all that, we're really pleased with the gross margin structure so far this year. We've really been focused on improving that. It's an important part of our overall financial story. Our target model, we're tracking really well and on track to be able to march towards our 68% plus gross margin structure, and that is, in large part, driven by the evolution of our revenue business towards more of a software organization. So, the mix of the business this quarter was driven by a strong software revenue, as well as from maintenance and software maintenance and support. Those are our highest margin contributors and it can ebb and flow. The second thing, as you say, is that, typically, from a seasonal standpoint, we tend to see higher gross margins in the second half. So, we do expect that pattern to recur again and our implied guidance for the second half does reflect that normal seasonal increase.
Justin Spencer: Hi, Dave. Yeah, the backlog and deferred revenue pattern that we've seen being potentially flat is very similar and consistent with prior years. The other thing that I mentioned earlier is that because of our greater proficiency at being able to convert our bookings to revenue a bit more quickly, with regard to large deals, as well as benefiting a little bit from the ASC 606 adoption, we don't require as much backlog going into a quarter as we have in the past. So, the backlog and the deferred revenue balance, where it is currently, provides an adequate level of visibility to our second half revenue objective.
