Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will focus on our recent BD activity, providing an update on the acquisition of MAKO Surgical, as well as the announced agreement to acquire Patient Safety Technologies. Both transactions reflect our commitment to deploying our capital to support our M&A strategy, which is primarily focused on our core markets, as well as key adjacent markets. With respect to MAKO, we closed this acquisition in late December and believe, long term, it has the potential to transform orthopedic surgery through procedural advancements and improved patient experience and a new generation of implants. The MAKO robotic platform has already proven itself capable of achieving consistently reproducible surgical results. As we continue to optimize robotic-assisted surgery, we believe it will further improve clinical outcomes. And longer term, by allowing for bone preparation and geometry and precision not possible with conventional manual instrumentation, there's a potential to develop new implant designs that are specifically enables robotics capability and functionality. In the near term, our teams are focused on leveraging Stryker's considerable sales and distribution capabilities to help drive adoption for MAKO's current applications. Two areas of initial focus, which we are currently evaluating, are enabling Stryker-marketed implants to be put on the robot software and starting the trial for a total knee application. Given the short time since the close, we are not prepared to provide specifics on these 2 items. However, we do anticipate starting the total knee trial in the first half of this year. With close to 20% market share in the unicompartmental knee segment. We believe MAKO has demonstrated excellent market acceptance of their partial knee application. However, our analysis suggest there's a bigger opportunity in total hips and total knees to leverage Stryker's reconstructive implants. We look forward to sharing more regarding our plans for robotic-assisted surgery later in 2014. Additionally, our orthopedic growth will be the focus at our September Analyst Meeting Product Fair. Shifting to our MedSurg group's BD activities. We recently announced the planned acquisition of Patient Safety Technologies, or PST, for $120 million. PST's innovative and proprietary product portfolio aligns with our Instruments division focused on customer solutions that enhance patient and caregiver safety. Specifically, PST's Safety-Sponge System helps prevent retained foreign objects in the operating room, thereby improving patient safety and reducing healthcare costs. The system includes bar-coded surgical sponges and towels and integrated barcode scanner and a unique compliance tracking software. RFOs are the most common surgical never event in the U.S., and sponges are the most common retained object with approximately 2,300 incidents reported annually at an average cost per incident of over $400,000. With the SurgiCount Safety-Sponge System, we can provide our customers with a way to eliminate unnecessary cost from the healthcare system, while improving quality of care. Since its launch in 2006, SurgiCount has established a strong customer base of over 300 hospitals, including several of the leading medical institutions in the U.S. The Safety-Sponge System will augment Stryker Instruments' broad portfolio of products that are designed to optimize the perioperative experience by reducing hazards, streamlining operations and improving outcomes for patient and caregivers. Moreover, we believe our sales force can leverage our considerable established base of products, targeted perioperative patient and caregiver safety, including the recently 510-cleared Neptune Waste Management System and the Sterishield Personal Protection System. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine A. Owen: Hello, Kristen. The second part of your question, that's correct, the $0.35 is the number. The first part, we have been consistently guiding to organic sales growth, so the number that we're focused on internally is -- was organic growth excluding sales -- or excluding FX and acquisitions since, obviously, the -- our goal has been to accelerate that. We are not giving any forecast or target as it relates to acquisitions. MAKO, as you know, was obviously a publicly-traded company. I know many of the folks on the phone modeled it, and we haven't closed Patient Safety yet. So the goal -- the number that we're going to be focused on and we'll be providing guidance will be around that organic number.
Katherine A. Owen: Well, without a doubt, we did the deal because we do believe it is potentially transformational on orthopedic surgery and will allow us to drive meaningful market share gains. And so, that is the goal. Right now, the teams have literally only been together for a few weeks, since we just closed late last year. They're actively assessing different options and prioritizing those options. We were able to share that we expect to start the total knee trial in the first half of this year. That is the biggest opportunity that we see for robotic-assisted surgery. We're going to continue to use our sales and distribution capabilities to build on current indications, but the long-term potential really is around total knees, optimizing total hips and, longer term, the potential to introduce the next generation of implants that aren't feasible with the current instrumentation. So we'll continue to provide additional updates. Right now that's the clarity we have as the teams are looking at different options, but they haven't finalized beyond the comments I just provided. And then, again, we'll have more details beyond that as it will be part of the focus of the product fair at the September Analyst Meeting.
Katherine A. Owen: Kim, very similar to what we saw last year, there was seasonality in the first quarter, a little bit of softening in the first quarter. We have not baked in any extra effect whether it's due to uncertainty around ACA. It is possible that helps Q4 and will result in an offset. You're probably looking in the area of tens of basis points, which is again, why we go back. So just assuming it's the standard seasonality pattern and then we'll look at what those 6 month averages are to determine if we've seen some modest level of improvement in the recon market.
Katherine A. Owen: Hello, Derrick. What we stated last year throughout the quarter is [indiscernible] market impacting us in roughly the high teens vicinity in terms of millions of dollars. We were still selling to existing customers who had filed the appropriate paperwork necessary, but we couldn't sell any new system. So that revenue -- lost revenue is reflective of that. There were no new revenue associated with that in the fourth quarter. I would remind you, Instruments benefited from strong power tools that we had several new launches in the early part of the year, targeted to small bone segment that also helped the growth performance. Going forward into this year, clearly, Neptune will be a part of it. We're going to be focused on existing customers early on in upgrading them. And you should really think about it being in around the third quarter when we're back to kind of hitting on all cylinders as it relates to the Neptune relaunch.
Katherine A. Owen: If you look within it, the hip sales will be in hips, the knee sales will be in knees as it relates to implants. The capital and any related service will be in our other line along with sports medicine, bone cement and the other products in that. So it will be in those 3 buckets.
Katherine A. Owen: Well, for the AAOS Meeting, we will do the traditional format that we've had, where we'll have the Group Investor Meetings and also the booth similar to prior years. There will be a number of new products that are either being launched or we anticipate launching shortly. I think you should think about them within the normal range of the type of largely incremental, but meaningful innovation for the various segments.
Katherine A. Owen: There was a portion of it. As we said throughout the year, each quarter we are reevaluating the mix, so we continued the DTC campaign, but I would say the prior quarter had more TD. This quarter -- or the fourth quarter of '13 had other less expensive mix of the median that is part of what was behind Bill's comments related to lower expenses tied to that.
Katherine A. Owen: I wouldn't say that's a near-term opportunity. Obviously, longer term, we think about these opportunities not just for MAKO, but other products from a global perspective. But near term, it's really focused on [indiscernible] educations, getting the clinical trials and evaluating the different options available to us. I would think that -- think about that as being the longer term opportunity.
Katherine A. Owen: Long term, that is not reflected in our top line target for this year. Medical was obviously challenged in the fourth quarter. It will have a difficult comparison in the first quarter. We continue to be cautious regarding the capital spending for those larger ticket items, and that's clearly where medical falls in. If there's a benefit from ACA, we don't think we'll see it until later this year. But I wouldn't view it as a meaningful driver, certainly, not reflected in our 2014 guidance.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, we did have a slowdown in the quarter. That business is susceptible to the timing of OEM product launches, and there were several of those. And then, the teams have to go back and do the appropriate product development in order to get a corresponding reprocessed product on the market. We did launch some products late last year and anticipated additional product launches this year. You combine that with the still very clear compelling rationale for reprocessing products, we believe that business will get back to double-digit growth. But it will vary quarter-to-quarter because, obviously, we can't control the timing of some of those OEM launches.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, the selling days are outlined in the slide of the webcast. You can see where they do vary and where they are same year-over-year. With respect to the Japanese price cuts, still pretty certain that they will be negative. It is reflected in our overall expectations for total price, which is typically down in the 1% to 2% range for the company. Exactly where it shakes out, we just don't know yet. We haven't heard any early rumblings yet, but we expect it to be consistent with prior years, give or take.
Katherine A. Owen: And just to your follow-up, we do not plan to provide any additional historical information as it relates to the new adjusted EPS.
Katherine A. Owen: I would just go back to the comments we made. We really tried to single out some of the headwinds that are more significant in the first quarter that when you go back and fine-tune your models, you should really think about reflecting particularly the EPS line, and I would just refer to those. We're really not looking for an exaggerated impact from seasonality in the first quarter. But there are some very clear specifics that are -- that we highlighted, whether it's FX, year-over-year comparables, tax extenders, all of which I would take a look at when you're updating your models.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. When we look at the total knee opportunity, which we think is the most compelling, it's around being able to improve the patient experience, patient satisfaction absolutely varies. It is not as high as it is in hips with respect to knees. It's about being able to drive consistently reproducible results regardless or not so much being tied to simply having the best surgeon doing the surgery. And longer term, we believe it's going to open up the opportunity that's not possible with manual instrumentation today regardless of surgeon expertise for a new generation of implants that will further improve outcomes, patient experience and also benefit the hospitals. So it's that combined effect that we believe will really be the wow factor. It's premature to start talking about the cadence of robotics product launches at this stage. Clearly, we believe we have expertise in this area that is helping to augment what MAKO brings to the table, and we also understand the implant and the capital selling process. But beyond that, we really again -- just a few weeks in, we've tried to share some of the early decisions that we've been able to reach, we'll provide more information as it becomes available and as we have agreement internally around what priorities we're going to focus on.
Katherine A. Owen: So as it relates to the launches that you're talking about, we do anticipate getting the reverse shoulder out starting in the second quarter, but it will really be fully launched around the third quarter of this year. There's a big gap in our portfolio. We have not traditionally been strong in the shoulder market. We have a hybrid approach in many of the areas where we compete, where we have dedicated reps and we have a full-line reps. We believe it's something that really helps us, be it Extremities, Trauma, as well as Reconstructive. We'll be leveraging a similar format as we look to gain increased traction now that we've rounded out the reverse -- or the portfolio on shoulders with the addition of the reverse later this year.
Katherine A. Owen: If you're talking about as it relates to Recon, MedSurg, Neurotech, no, we don't provide that level of granularity. Kevin commented around Neurotech being a higher growth area, and I think people have their various estimates related to the biggest segments, but we're just providing a top line number and that was reflected in the comments on the call.
Katherine A. Owen: When we tried on the call to give some color around some of the headwinds and as well as tailwinds, some of the comparables, some of which are more challenging in certain areas of the quarter. I will give you, for example, because given the breadth of our product portfolio, all the different divisions, I don't think it's feasible or realistic to go through all the different puts and takes. But something like our Trauma business, as they can continue to maintain momentum throughout the year despite tough comps, despite the J&J that's further into their integration, that's a potential extra that could be reflected, but I could also list off a bunch of headwinds that could be more challenging. We tried to do that and look at all of those which is reflected in the range that we gave. If more of those break positively, we'll be closer to the high end of that range. That's always the goal. But at this point, we've learned pretty clearly over the years there's always something that surprises us in any given year. So that's all reflected in that 4.5% to 6%.
Katherine A. Owen: We had really minimal sales, obviously, reflected given the timing of the acquisition in our numbers, so it wasn't material. I'm not going to get into color on the full quarter sales. I know you guys got a lot of details for MAKO when they went public. But given the size of it is relative to Stryker, for example, we don't break out our Navigation systems sales either in entirety or by indication and we're not going to get into that level of granularity. We will try to provide more color as it becomes more significant. But at this point, it's just not material enough for us to be breaking it out.
Katherine A. Owen: I would -- the way we're looking at it right now, going back to Kevin's comments about feeling like it was modestly, medium modestly in the tens of bps vicinity, modest improvement starting in the second half of the year. We're going to look at the average between Q4 and Q1, compare it year-over-year and I think what you'll see is a modest, again, tens of bps improvement in the recon market, and that's largely reflected in our sales guidance. But I will tell you that I wouldn't assume 20, 30, 40, whatever it is, bps as a meaningful impact in that range. It's reflected in it.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I'll jump in and take the last part of it. You, obviously, have our EPS guidance and I will just emphasize, our capital allocation strategy has been and will continue to be focused, first and foremost, on acquisitions to help drive organic sales growth. We're also committed to growing the dividend at rates above the growth of earnings rate and then buybacks. Now buybacks will vary from quarter-to-quarter, but that's a long-term strategy we have in place around a 3-pronged cash strategy allocation.
Katherine A. Owen: If I would know -- in power tools, in large power tools, we've just anniversary-ed the launch of the System 7 and you typically see 3- to 4-year life cycle there. And obviously, the growth starts to slow as you get to the latter part. Conversely, we launched our new products in the early part of '13 within Instruments, the Cd4 and the Sabo. Those are targeted at small bone and are seeing very nice growth, which helps contribute to that 8% U.S. gain in the quarter. We'll have additional products that we'll be launching in '14 and some of those which we'll highlight at the upcoming AAOS Meeting.
Katherine A. Owen: There was some. But I will stress, we closed very late in the year. It was not meaningful whether it's total Stryker or even if you look at the hips and knees. We're very pleased with the growth we put up even adjusting for the very, very modest impact from a few days of selling.
Katherine A. Owen: And I would just say that more to come on the timing for when we would look to launch and which areas Stryker implants on the robot. It's clearly a part of the long-term value proposition. But we're just going through with the R&D team's working jointly together and looking at those in the -- at the timing, et cetera, associated with that. So more to come.
Kevin A. Lobo: Kristen, what I'd add is each year, we will be doing the same thing. So at the beginning of next year, we'll provide organic sales growth. And obviously, that will include MAKO next year.
Kevin A. Lobo: So I'd say it's a little early for the bi-cruciate. Honestly, we're just as Katherine mentioned, 3 weeks into the deal. And obviously, bi-cruciate has interest. Still, there's a long way to go yet to determine whether that will be more than just a niche. And so, later on this year, we'll be able to provide more color around our expectations, our timing. The teams are literally just going through their prioritization right now. If bi-cruciate does turn out to be a really big part of the market, we'll be delighted because, robotically-enabled, it's a very difficult procedure to do today just as the uni [ph] is difficult to do. So if it does become a big part of the market, we believe we'll be very well positioned. But it's just too early right now to comment on where that is in our portfolio and whether we'll need additional trials. That will be something that we'll provide later on the year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So this wasn't just 1 year in the making. So we've had a terrific strategy over the last 4, 5 years. We've been growing faster than the market consistently over those years, grounding out our product portfolio with primarily internally developed R&D projects. We also added the Memometal acquisition, which really helped turbocharge our Foot & Ankle division and Foot & Ankle results. But -- so this has been a progressive strategy of really making sure we have a complete offering, we have differentiated products and we've been winning accounts and converting business consistently over that period of time. So it wasn't a 1 year wonder, and it's something that we think we'll be very well positioned to continue to grow in the years ahead.
Kevin A. Lobo: So what I'd say to that is we saw this last year in the fourth quarter, a big fourth quarter and I think we're really going to know at the end of this first quarter. And I really would like to compare the 6 months -- first quarter of this year, fourth quarter of last year to the comparative 6 month period from the year before we can really determine whether this is an overall uptick in the market. Since the middle of last year, I felt that the market has been gradually improving. But that's really -- we're not going to know for sure. We've had 3 companies report -- we still have some more to report. But really, we're going to really only know until the end of the first quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And, Bob, excluding those -- if you exclude those 2 impacts, the operational EPS improvement would be 10%, would be double-digit growth, which is kind of -- based on the organic growth rate that we're driving, that's the type of leveraged earnings gains that we're aiming for. And obviously, we're looking for benefits across the P&L, whether it's in the cost of goods area, in the SG&A area to be able to deliver that leverage. Unfortunately, based on the way the exchange rates have moved and the timing of getting our hedging program in place, if rates stay where there are, we are going to be negatively impacted and FX is certainly the biggest impact.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So on the second question, Bob, obviously, we're in the middle of a quarter right now, and I'm not going to really comment on how things are going in January. There are a lot of anecdotes, I prefer not to really comment on anecdotes. And we'll -- let's see how the first quarter rolls before we really can reach a conclusion on whether this is a real change in the trend. Clearly, we're happy with our fourth quarter performance. There were a lot of expectations that our knee business would be under stress with competitive launches and having to overcome not having ShapeMatch on the market. Certainly, our knee has been a very, very well chronicled knee with very, very low complication rates with very, very low revision rates and our sales force has done a terrific job. So we're certainly growing, at least, with the market, and we feel very good about our performance.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So the way it's being done right now, all of the sales from MAKO will be reported in the Orthopaedics group, and we have a separate capital sales force, which is the way MAKO was running their organization. A separate capital group selling the robot and implant sales reps. The separate capital group will be separate from Navigation. And again, these are different solutions. So there are surgeons that prefer to use standard instruments. There are surgeons that like to use cutting blocks. There are surgeons that prefer Navigation with intraoperative Navigation and remember that Navigation is the fastest-growing part of Navigation is actually in neuro, not just in the ortho area. And then, there are surgeons that like robotics. So we are going to have solutions for every surgeon preference. And we are keeping separate capital sales forces for the robotics group and the instruments group, and that will continue to drive its growth as it has done actually quite well this year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. We're really excited about our Foot & Ankle business. And because it's a market development where you're really going after podiatrists that never used implants, there's really a very, very big run way for growth, and we're experiencing that. Certainly, last year in the fourth quarter, we had close to 40% growth, another 36% growth on top of that in the U.S. So really exciting. Even worldwide, we're seeing very good growth. So I wouldn't have thought at the beginning of the year that we would have delivered a number this big coming off of last year, but when you're in new markets, it's a lot harder to predict than when you're in mature markets. So we're really excited. This is really about market expansion and getting these products into the hands of physicians that were not previously using implants. So we believe double-digit growth, for sure, for a number of quarters going forward. But again, given that it's market development, it's a little hard to predict; and we're, obviously, very pleased with our performance in this area.
Kevin A. Lobo: For competitive reasons, I'd really rather not get into exactly which countries. It is an emerging markets play. So you can imagine that we'll be going into different emerging markets over the course of the year. And as we start to sell in those businesses, we'll keep you posted but not really willing to share more right now.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So again, I go back to -- really, we're focused on growing the market, much more than we're focused on taking share. Obviously, there's some cases where we are taking market share, but the bulk of our growth is really new physicians doing procedures that they were not using implants, they're either using K-wires or other approaches. So to us, this is much more a market expansion story than it is a market share story.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And with each OEM change, we have to resubmit a 510(k). So that's the timing difference. This occurred primarily in the energy area with 2 of our competitors that changed our products and has caused us a bit of delay. We've very excited and bullish about this year for Sustainability as we get those 510(k)s and return to the market.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So we really love being in the neuroscience space. It's a great market. There's still plenty of room for growth. That's one of our -- certainly our better and more attractive markets and pleased that we acquired Neurovascular to really round out our portfolio with our other divisions in this space. And Spine, clearly, the worst is, I think, behind us. It's bottomed down at least and it's starting to stabilize. Pricing is starting to stabilize. We're starting to see a bit -- a little bit of an uptick. So I think that's a market, certainly, not getting worse. It's, at least, stable and maybe modestly starting to improve.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So we're really excited about the acquisition. Obviously, it's our first deal in China, first time getting into the lower-priced segment and really pleased that the business hit the acquisition model in their first year. So we're very pleased about that. We focused very much on China, making sure we kept the momentum in the growth going well in China. So in the fourth quarter, our emerging markets as a percent of total company sales was 8%. In 2012, in the prior year, it was 6% for the full year. This year, it's more in the 7% range. And obviously, it's been increasing throughout the course of the year with Trauson being the biggest driver. So you would expect next year when we report our full year results that emerging markets will be over 8% of total company sales. So we're on a march. And clearly, the goal is to get emerging markets not just because of Trauson but because we're also growing very well in the premium segment in China, in Brazil, in India and other emerging markets. So we're focused on both parts of the market. Clearly, our medium-term goal is to get that above double-digit percent of total company, while also maintaining good growth rates in the U.S. and picking up the growth in Europe. Clearly, the markets are growing faster, and we believe Trauson gives us a great entry into that low-priced segment. So, so far so good is what I would say on emerging markets, going from 6% a year ago with 7% this year to over 8% in 2014. So very excited about the progress.
Kevin A. Lobo: Just to add to Bill's comments, this is the second year in a row -- consecutive year where we had gross margin expansion. So regardless of the price pressure that we're facing, which we expect to continue, we've demonstrated now consistent ability to raise gross margins. This is part of our overall GQO program. We're well into the 2.5 years into this program, which is a 5-year program. We've delivered 2 years in a row now of gross margin expansion, and we expect to continue that. This is one of the levers that enable us to drive operational earnings at a faster rate in our top line sales.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So obviously, we -- this move was made to really drive market share and become the clear leader in reconstructive surgery. So I would not assume we're going to be passive about the way that we sell this technology. But surgeons take different times to convert. There are some that will convert very quickly, early adopters. There's others that will wait a little bit before they'll start to convert, and there are some that will be very stubborn and want to stick to their tried and proved approaches. So we will have approaches for all types of surgeons. But without a doubt, we plan to rapidly move the adoption of robotic surgery. This is a big play that we're -- we've made, and we're not going to be passive about really taking this to the market. Certainly, our implant sales force is extremely excited about being able to sell the implants, so they can be associated with the robots, leveraging their own relationships. So, yes, I wouldn't assume we're going to be in a "sit back and wait" mode related to robotics. Again, only 3 weeks since close. But make no mistake, we're going to be leaning forward.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And maybe I'll just take the opportunity to also comment on hips since I've gotten a lot of questions on knees mostly because of the competitive launches and having ShapeMatch off the market. But I'm really pleased with our hip performance and that -- again, like our Trauma business, that has been 3 years in the making of consistently leading the market, especially in the U.S., but also great performance outside the U.S. So we're really pleased with our hip growth and which has been on the back of a number of new product launches and excellent execution in the field.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So just to provide a little more color. So the early launch will be in selected hospitals. That will start towards the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter, full launch towards the end of the second quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. What's encouraging from our standpoint though is that this is a step-up in our organic growth rate versus the guidance we gave a year ago. So we are overall feeling better about our performance in terms of organic sales growth. The overall range is a step-up, and it's a very good growth rate, especially when you consider this does not include MAKO, which we will be aggressively going after in 2014.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, you should assume each year is a certain level of buybacks, not unlike the kind of buyback level that we had this year, but it does -- it will range based on what's happening in the marketplace and where our cash position is. Really to the first part of your question -- and I really don't see generic hips and knees as being really a viable option in the near term because the procedures are very difficult to do. So until the procedures are de-skilled, which has been the case in some other parts of med-tech, when a procedure is very easy to do and you don't need a sales rep performing the high level of services that's required to enable patient outcomes, then generics take off. There's a reason why, in China, you have a low-priced segment that does not include hips and knees, and it does not include hips and knees because these procedures are very difficult to do. That low-priced segment, which we are now participating in through Trauson, is a Spine and Trauma market. And so, I don't really perceive this as a major threat. We're always going to keep our eyes open. But frankly, until you de-skill these procedures, the sales force representation is extremely important. At Stryker, we don't put sales reps in OR to help sell power tools every time a surgeon is using a power tool because the surgeon doesn't need a rep helping him use the power tool. The surgeon does need reps when they're doing hip and knee replacement whether they are primary procedures and certainly when there are revision procedures.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. And I would tell you the Instruments group is extremely excited because Neptune, although we've been servicing our existing accounts, we haven't been able to sell new capital. So in some ways, you might want to think of that almost like a new product because we're now going to be bringing back capital equipment to the market. Obviously, in the first half of the year, we have to service our existing accounts. We need to retrofit their equipment, but they're really going to be looking to go after that. In addition, Patient Safety Technologies, which we expect to close some time in the first quarter, will give Instruments another shot in the arm as a brand-new product, which frankly with all the relationships and them knowing how to sell patient and caregiver safety, just ideally positioned and those should be an engine for growth, even though once again that growth in this year is outside of our guidance, it certainly will help our top line performance.
Kevin A. Lobo: Okay. Thank you. I'll start with the total ankle. So, no, we do not have a total ankle currently in our portfolio. As you know, the total ankle market is not growing at a very fast rate. It's certainly not slowing down our growth whatsoever. Over time, I think we will want to have a total ankle within our portfolio. We've evaluated a number of different options, and we frankly discounted some of them because when we do come to market, we want to make sure that it's going to be with a product that is a really compelling product whether we do that through internal development or whether we do that some other way, we'll keep you posted. But it's not something we feel a burning desire for. We don't need it today. Where -- you can see our performance has been outstanding in Foot & Ankle without the total ankle. But over time, just like we saw with hips and knees, in the early days, joint replacement takes time to build up clinical track record, to build up experience, to get the right materials. So it's still -- longer term, it's of a high interest to us. It's not something that preoccupies me in the short term.
Kevin A. Lobo: Thank you, all, for joining our call. Our conference call for the first quarter of 2014 results will be held on April 17. Thank you.
William R. Jellison: Yes. So I think in general, we did give guidance upfront on the MAKO side. We, obviously, won't be commenting moving forward on both the sales side of MAKO or the overall operating performance of MAKO. As Katherine just mentioned, kind of, the teams are just really getting together, looking at the integration and really deciding, kind of, what they're ultimately going to be able to deliver on both from a sales, operational or a margin expectation and also some of the SG&A leverage.
William R. Jellison: Yes, we won't be really talking about, kind of, the MAKO-specific performance moving forward. But we did give guidance upfront on the initial call there.
William R. Jellison: Yes. So we're delighted with the performance in Europe. Frankly, it was a little ahead of our expectations as we started the year in terms of the turnaround. I would say we still have some challenges in Italy, which I've mentioned previously. It's still taking some time. Germany is the other country that's a little bit up and down. But other than those 2 countries, the rest of Europe is in really good shape, including Spain, which had historically been a challenged country. So pretty stable across all of our countries. Our leadership team is really performing well. They brought some real stability and closer customer connections. So now, we're looking for the next phase where we can really drive accelerated growth, primarily in the MedSurg area. So we really stabilized our implant business, but we still have opportunity to grow primarily in MedSurg. I'm looking forward to accelerated growth in the quarters and years ahead.
William R. Jellison: Sure. I think a couple of points there. I mean, first off, we really don't talk specifically about our gross profit expectations directly, but we generally talk about, kind of, our broader-based expectations on operating margins. And I think especially as -- based on the growth rates that we're talking about here, at this level of growth rate, we would expect and be driving for a certain amount of additional operating margin improvement. I think that's probably in this environment -- a little bit more of that is, obviously, coming out of the SG&A-related area versus the gross margin related area. But I think our expectations in general are for modest improvement on the gross margin rate and a little bit better improvement on the SG&A rates.
William R. Jellison: Sure. I mean, I'd say that the G&A was obviously the bigger piece of it, although marketing was some of it as well, too. I'd also say if you look at the broader based improvement that we had throughout 2013, which was in the neighborhood of 70, 80 basis points, that's kind of what you should be looking at within that space. And I think that, that also holds true if you look at, like, the second half of 2013. It's about the same level of improvement. So, yes, there's a lot of activities that's continuing to take place within that area. But I think that, that's probably more of a reasonable level of what you should have expected actually occurred in '13.
William R. Jellison: Yes, I think a couple of things. It's really -- the 2 biggest areas are really FX, which we highlighted that it's about $0.07 per share. And then, also, from an overall tax rate perspective, a couple of things. One, you remember, in 2012, we actually had a double year benefit, 2012 and '13 benefit, from the reinstatement of the tax extenders that are out there. So for sure, we'll be 1 year less of those tax extenders. And right now, our guidance does include that we will have tax extenders in 2014. However, they currently aren't renewed by Congress. And so, the benefit of those will probably come later on in the middle of the year, hopefully. However, we still, obviously, need to watch that and make sure that Congress approves that. Those are the 2 primary areas that are out there.
William R. Jellison: Yes. And then, FX impact will probably be much more prominent in the first of the year versus the second half.
William R. Jellison: I mean, if you look at the free cash flow side, I think that CapEx is really the -- one of the key drivers associated with that, and we do expect capital expenditures to be running higher in 2013. So that's a fair statement. As far as the other components of the cash flow are concerned, we obviously have continued efforts on our working capital side of the equation. But we would expect our overall operating cash flow to show some improvements, but our overall free cash flow might be a little bit tighter just based on the CapEx that we're spending.
William R. Jellison: Sure. As I mentioned, as far as year-over-year goes, it’s probably about nearly a full point just from the impact of the med-tech tax and then also with FX being the biggest hit in the fourth quarter of this year, FX was definitely another large piece of that. It was impacting us by over 0.5 percentage point on the FX side alone. So when you look at kind of the other aspects with some of the absorption side, that was lower but then also the mix, because of all the businesses performing well within the year and the MedSurg business actually having lower margins in general than our average business, those are probably the 4 big components of it.
William R. Jellison: Sure. So I think, maybe the broader context is really kind of what I stated about kind of the full year gross margin rate. So if you look at the gross margins for the full year, it was 67.5%, which was down about 60 basis points for the year. But keep in mind, that included 90 basis points of an impact from the med-tech tax. So despite the fact that price also played a part in putting pressure on that -- on those rates, we actually would have been up about 30 basis points in gross margin rates this year despite the price if we had excluded the med-tech tax. So I think, in general, our expectations and some of the initiatives that we've got in our GQO area, which is our global quality and operations area, we believe that we've got some good programs in there that are continuing to take place over the next few years. And we're still driving for slight improvement in the gross margin rate as a contributing factor to our overall operating margin rate improvements.
William R. Jellison: Sure. So our expectation is that it will get approved as we move through this year. When it gets approved is the question. So as you watch and see when that actually occurs. If it, for example, doesn't happen until the second quarter, we would pick up, in essence, a 0.5 year benefit in the second quarter and the rest of it in each of the last 2 quarters. If it gets approved in the fourth quarter of this year, then we wouldn't pick up any of that tax rate benefit really until the last quarter, and we pick up a full year's benefit of that. If, for whatever reason, they decide not to extend it, then obviously that would be a negative impact on, at least, the guidance that we currently got out there.
