Kevin Lobo: Thank you. Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A. For the quarter, we posted organic sales growth of 8.4% versus 2019, driven by excellent double-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, but this was offset by softer sales of hip, knee and spine due to the resurgence of COVID-19. A slowdown in deferrable procedures primarily impacted the US and worsened through the quarter. While our implant businesses were challenged, we saw strong results for our Mako product technology and capital products across our MedSurg portfolio. In addition, we had strong performances from our more emergent businesses, including our core trauma business and another standout performance by Neurovascular. International organic growth of 12%, again, outpaced growth in the US, representing robust performances and lessening impacts of COVID-19 across most major geographies, including strong results across Europe, Australia, Canada and emerging markets. Our year-to-date organic growth is 7.6%. And with the continued uncertainty related to COVID recovery as well as health care staffing shortages, we are updating our full year organic sales growth guidance to 7% to 8% compared to 2019. Our capital equipment order book remains strong, and we are well positioned for the eventual procedure recovery. Our adjusted EPS grew 15% versus 2019, and we continued our focus on driving cash flow, leading to a year-to-date cash conversion of 87%. The EPS growth, although solid, was lower than our expectations and is reflected in our updated guidance, which Glenn will elaborate on. Meanwhile, we are pleased with our cash flow performance, which provides us with additional flexibility for future M&A opportunities. While the quarter did not progress as we had anticipated due to the Delta variant, we remain confident in the outlook for our businesses as evidenced by our strong international MedSurg and Neurotechnology performances. We expect these businesses to continue to perform at high levels with the uncertainty most concentrated in deferrable procedures in the United States. We continue to feel bullish about our longer-term prospects as the pandemic recedes with our proven strategy and strong fundamentals. We are excited to share more with you at our upcoming Analyst Day on November 18th. I will now turn the call over to Preston.
Kevin Lobo: We're continuing to see a shift to the ASC. The challenge we have right now is just the pace. So the capacity takes time to build, and every hospital system is in the process of trying to increase their capacity. So it is improving. And certainly, that will be a trend that had started prior to the pandemic and is continuing. We feel very good about our position in the ASC. It's way ahead of our expectations, frankly, going into the pandemic. One measure that we look at is our Sports Medicine business, and that performed in the United States was north of 20% growth in Q3. So we're seeing strength, but the challenge on the hip and knee side of it is just time to build capacity. So it's growing but it's going to just take time before it becomes a really, really meaningful part of our business. But we believe we're extremely well positioned both with Mako and even without Mako, with our portfolio of everything that they need for an ASC.
Kevin Lobo: As Preston mentioned, Q4, we're assuming a similar growth rate as we saw in Q3, so versus 2019 we're expecting similar kind of growth rate. Obviously, sequentially, we'll have an improvement because Q4 is a larger quarter than Q3. But year-over-year, we're expecting a similar growth rate. Related to that question, I would say that it's really ortho and spine related that's the bigger factor. So we have products that are used in general surgery and our Endoscopy division and smoke evacuation, and we're not seeing the same kind of fall off in those areas as we're seeing in hips and spine. So I do believe it's mostly procedure related, which creates the difference that you're describing between us and some of the other med tech companies. There's also regional. Stryker, of course, has a very strong presence in the United States. And so that regional impact -- you even saw that with our own implant businesses that we had a more negative impact in the United States than we did in international. And so that's the secondary factor. But I would say the primary factor for what you're seeing versus other companies is that these procedures, hip, knee and spine are more deferrable than some of the other procedures in some of our other med tech peers.
Kevin Lobo: Just to reiterate what I said in my opening comments. We expect very high performance for MedSurg and Neurotechnology. So we expect them to perform very similarly. It may not be -- some puts and takes between the businesses a little bit. But overall, you should expect similar growth out of MedSurg and Neurotechnology in Q4, as you saw in Q3. So the delta versus The Street is clearly in the hip, knee and spine area. That's the area that's had the biggest impact from COVID. And what we're calling in our guidance is for a similar quarter in Q4 as Q3. Now obviously, we don't have a lot of visibility. It's an uncertain environment. Hopefully, the recovery will be better than what we're calling, but that's the visibility that we have thus far. And as you saw that this quarter surprised us Q3 and we're being cautious as we give our guidance for Q4.
Kevin Lobo: We're really excited about the new STEM. The procedures are being launched this quarter -- early launch, I'd call it, this quarter. And we're building up towards a full launch of the hip stem at the AAOS meeting, which is towards the end of the first quarter. So it will be a bit of a slow build but we're really excited, and that stem we will marry that stem up with Mako. So that's one of the things we still have to do that. But I would say you'll start to see pretty meaningful impact probably by the end of the second quarter, beginning of the third quarter, you'll start to see meaningful impact. But this is a product gap that we've had for some time. Very excited about the position that we're in. We're building the product right now. Surgeons who have seen the product are very excited about it. So we do believe it's what we've needed frankly, within our hip portfolio. And you'll start to see that again. You won't see a lot -- you won't see anything really in the fourth quarter, and you won't see much in the first quarter, but it will start to have an impact in the second quarter and definitely in the back half of next year.
Kevin Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. And we hope that you can all join us in person on November 18th for our 2021 Analyst Meeting and product fair with our broader leadership team. Thank you.
Preston Wells: So in terms of Q4, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw October starting to show some improvement as it relates to our implant related businesses. And so we are seeing a bit of a pickup, but I think it's important to note that it's starting from a lower starting point. So while we do expect there to be some recovery happening in those implant businesses throughout the quarter, we do expect it to get back to more normal levels by the end. There are a few headwinds that are out there as well in terms of not only additional COVID hotspots or things like that, but also with staffing being a potential headwind as well. So we're definitely monitoring those as we go. But we are seeing some improvement early in October versus where we ended in Q3. As it relates to the other parts of the business, as both Kevin, Glenn and myself mentioned, our capital business continues to perform very well, and we still have high expectations that those are going to continue into Q4, really and the way we look at that is just continuing to look at the order book as we ended the quarter and how that continues to progress in terms of growth. Same thing as we think about those more emergent businesses, whether it's trauma or neurovascular, again, those businesses are continuing to perform very well, and there's no reason to believe that they're going to slow down we think about Q4. So hopefully, that helps for you.
Preston Wells: No, I think it's important to understand that on those parts of the business like extremities, like shoulder, like foot and ankle, they are subject to some of the elective procedure slowdown as well. So while they did see some of that impact, we're still really happy with how they performed. I mean they really are still growing. The integration is going well. And as I mentioned, in terms of the international piece, there's a little bit slower pickup there on some of the international businesses as we go through the transition and integration in those parts of the business.
Preston Wells: Well, I think the capital strength has really given the liquidity of hospitals. So hospitals, even though they're struggling through the pandemic, their liquidity is very good, partially due to the CARES funding that was put in place. They're in strong position and they are getting ready for the future. As we talked about on the last question about ASCs and construction of ASCs and investments in hospitals, the demand for technology is very strong. Our order book for capital is very strong. And there in fact, in Q3, there was actually even some slight delays of some of the capital. There were some challenges of actually having staff to receive some of the capital equipment and put it in place. But I would say I'm feeling very bullish and that capital cycle should continue speaking in the United States through all of next year. As it relates to the deferrable procedures, hips, knees, spine, those represent for Stryker a little less than 30% of our sales. And those are the ones that are most impacted. They will come back. And frankly, I'm excited about certainly hip and knee where the Mako volume continues to grow. And when those procedures come back, we're in a terrific position to capitalize on those because the Mako procedures we're putting in, roughly half of those are going into competitive accounts. And so when volumes come back, we will be able to really take advantage of that, not just in our own Stryker friendly accounts, but even in competitive accounts.
Preston Wells: So let me see if I can address those different parts. So in terms of the backlog itself, and so just starting with the implant related backlog. I mean, obviously, the last 18 months has not been normal from a volume perspective. And so while we've had some good quarters and some slower quarters, that backlog has continued to exist. And in some cases, like this quarter, it's continued to build. And so it's hard to say exactly what it is because there's just so much variability that's happening across different regions. So if we look at this past quarter, obviously, the US was more impacted than other areas. But it's safe to say that the backlog still exists. And as we think about what's going to happen with that, we think that over time, as we get back to more normal levels, that backlog will begin to work down. And so you'll see some improvement in terms of growth rates over time that will be sustained. You won't really see a big large outsized growth rate that will happen in any one particular quarter with regards to the backlog. As we think about capital, I mean, there are areas for sure that there's been some pent-up demand and some of the uncertainty has just existed out there in terms of some of the hospital systems. But we're still seeing very strong demand for our products, like we talked about before. The order book remains really, really strong and it continues to grow as well as sales. So we feel very bullish, as Kevin said, with regards to how we think about capital as we go forward into 2022. With regards to the impacts from a raw material or supply chain perspective what I would tell you is there certainly are challenges just like everybody else has with regards to whether it's the tight labor market or shortages in things like electronics or resins. But as of now, we've been able to really effectively meet all of our customer needs. And so what that really has required is that our supply chain has really had to be much more active and its support in its partnership with the various supplier base that we have. And so we've been able to really make sure that we're maintaining our safety stock levels. We're really able to actively purchase critical components where necessary so that we can keep production going. And then also just around the logistics and distribution as well and working actively with those partners, all of that in anticipation of the fact that we think that there's going to continue to be some headwinds in this area. And so as a result, we have seen some increased costs as well in terms of inflation on those items. But to date, our supply chain and procurement teams have really just been able to manage that. And so we haven't seen anything really show up in terms of any major impacts on our financials. And so while we expect that to continue into the rest of '21 and into 2022 as well, we want to make sure that whatever we have in our numbers has already been factored in some of those raw material challenges that we have. And we're going to just continue to monitor the situation as it progresses.
Preston Wells: So the Mako business momentum continues and it's been strong throughout the pandemic. So in spite of the procedural slowdowns, we're seeing strong demand for our system. We clearly have the leading system on the market with a big head start versus the competition. And frankly, the competition is actually raised the water level of robotics and raised the importance of robotics. So we love our position. And we believe that it's just going to increase the demand for Mako. More and more systems are ordering their second and third and fourth Mako. So we know we have a winning solution for customers. We're very excited, frankly, with our hip software and our new hip application, which is now penetrated in all of our Mako accounts, and we're seeing a nice uptick. Even though the overall volumes are down because of COVID, we are seeing a nice uptick in the hip adoption given the new software, which makes it easier to do the procedure. So we feel like we're in a very good position. And the fact that there's more competitors to the space just validates the importance of orthopedics, and we like our chances. As it relates to the shoulder program, we do have an active program. We're not in a position right now to talk about time lines or dates for that. But as you saw with our results in Q3, our shoulder business is doing very well even before we have a solution with Mako.
Preston Wells: We are always actively looking at deals at Stryker. Even after the Wright Medical deal, as you saw, we've done a couple of smaller deals with Orthosensor and Gauss Surgical. Because of the debt that we've had to pay down, we've been focused more on tuck-ins. But I'm really delighted with the cash flow performance that we've had, both last year as well as the first nine months of this year. So now we can start to look at, let's say, slightly larger tuck-ins while we continue to pay down the debt. Valuations are very high overall, but there's still a lot of targets. And we feel pretty confident that we'll be able to continue to run our M&A and offense and find value-creating acquisitions for sure, for Stryker.
Preston Wells: So I would just say that in terms of Mako as we think about outside the United States, we're really pleased with how that's progressing, and we're seeing good growth really in all markets outside the US. As we think about Japan, for example, we know that the business continues to progress well and the number of installs in Japan is increasing month-over-month. So we're really happy with how the technology has been received and the feedback that we're getting, and the number of procedures that are being done on Mako and Japan continue to increase as well. As far as China is concerned, it's much earlier days in China from a Mako standpoint, but the momentum is really building there. We're still working through the impacts of the volume based procurement activity. But we do expect Mako to be a key technology and play a key role for us as we think about our rebound business in China going forward.
Preston Wells: So in terms of Neurovascular, obviously, it's a very hot market. But also when you look at our results with regards to that market, you're seeing a couple of things happen. You're seeing really impact of the technologies that we've been able to introduce over the past probably 12 to 18 months and taking advantage of really a product super cycle really from our neurovascular team where we're expanding into some different areas and then also, we're seeing the market expand. So if you think about places like China, for example, we're seeing market expansion happen there. So our results are really a result of both of those items.
Preston Wells: In terms of staffing shortages, I mean we're seeing it really holistically. I mean, I think it certainly is playing itself out more so in the hospital setting because obviously, there's a lot more fatigue that's been there, there's COVID that still exists in the hospital setting. So I think that it certainly is playing out a bit more in the hospital setting, and we haven't -- we've still seen our procedural volumes in the ASP continue to go and certainly have not been as impacted as those in the hospital. How that continues and how that impacts the shift, I think, is still really anybody's guess. I mean we certainly will continue to expect to see products and procedures shifting to the ASC anyway because that trend that's already started and certainly accelerated over the last 18 months. So I think that's going to continue to happen. The staffing shortage is something that I think we're going to live with for a little bit as well. And so we'll continue to work through those challenges in the next year also.
Preston Wells: We're really going to really talk about all the growth drivers that make Stryker special. As we think about emerging from the pandemic and all the different things that are going to help our business continue to grow into the future for sure. The long term financial goals will definitely be part of that.
Preston Wells: So I guess, first of all, when we start thinking about our business and we think about China and we think about the products and services that are impacted by the volume based tendering, if we think about JR, trauma and spine, those sales really are that are exposed to the tendering process are less than 1% of the total Stryker revenue. So it's a very small overall impact as we think about for Stryker. But I guess, just focusing on the tender itself, in mid-September, as everybody knows, the bidding was done for the national tender around joint replacements. Our bids were certainly competitive and we secured a position for both hips and knees for our business. Overall, as everybody also knows about 80% price reduction from the end market sale is going to be taking place across the entire industry. And so certainly, that has an impact on us as we think about going forward, but there's a lot of work still left to be done in terms of how that's going to actually be executed. So we're staying vigilant with the teams in China to try to understand how that's going to roll out. It's expected to roll out, I think, in the first quarter of next year. And so it will remain dynamic until we really understand how it's going to execute. In terms of '22, we're not giving guidance at this point in time and it will certainly be factored in as we give guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call.
Preston Wells: So with smart implants, I mean, like we've said in the past, we think that there's a role that smart implants are going to play with regards to orthopedics going forward. But there's still a lot of work to be done in terms of understanding how that's going to be integrated from an implant and then understanding how that's going to play out from a monitoring standpoint going forward. So I would say it's still early in the process. We're happy to have OrthoSensor under the Stryker name and certainly the expertise that they bring in the sensor technology. And so looking forward to updating you as we develop more around that product in the future.
