Curt R. Hartman: Thank you, Derek. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's first quarter 2012 earnings report. Joining me on the call is Katherine Owen, Vice President Strategy and Investor Relations. In terms of the format for today's call, I will provide opening comments and then turn the call over to Katherine for an update on several key focus items. I will then cover the financials before opening the call up to your questions.  Consistent with previous quarters, our press release contains additional detail that we encourage you to review relating to our quarterly performance. On that note, first quarter sales finished at $2.16 billion, up 7.2% as reported and 7.4% in constant currency. As shown in the supplemental sales chart in the press release, it is clear that our revenue growth was balanced, both by segment and geography.  The quarterly and year-over-year increase in our Reconstructive segment sales augmented continued strength in MedSurg and a solid showing from Neurotechnology and Spine. The balanced revenue growth reinforces our conviction in the benefits provided by our diverse offering, supported by a strategy of internal innovation and focused acquisition. More specifically, our Reconstructive results were led by a solid sequential and year-over-year acceleration in both hip and knee implants.  Within MedSurg, instruments delivered strong growth of over 10%, fueled by the launch of our System 7 power tools, and our Sustainability Solutions business delivered another solid, high-growth quarter.  Finally, within Neurotechnology and Spine, solid gains from Interventional Spine, Neurovascular, and Neuro, Spine and ENT were partially offset by continued challenge in our spinal hardware segment.  Overall, sales excluding currency and acquisitions posted an increase of 5.2% in Q1 versus our 2% to 5% expectation for the full year. With these sales results, our adjusted per-share earnings increased 10% to $0.99. The 10% adjusted earnings per share increase is in line with our target for double-digit per-share earnings growth. Additionally, this performance includes absorbing roughly $0.015 per share of onetime SG&A expense associated with the previously disclosed separation agreement. Finally, I'll provide an update regarding the board's search for a permanent CEO. As stated previously, the board, in conjunction with an outside search firm, is conducting a comprehensive and thorough search of both internal and external candidates. That process is ongoing, and although the timing of an announcement is impossible to predict, the board is comfortable with the pace of the review.  In the interim, as our Q1 results reflect, we remain focused on executing our strategic objectives and delivering on our financial commitments. The results of these efforts underscore the collective strength of this company, which includes our global offering of products and services, our dedicated employees and the strength we have built with our customers and markets. With that, I'll turn the call over to Katherine.
Curt R. Hartman: Sure, Bob. I think when we look at the operating margins, we started the year with an assumption that it would -- we would roll through the year and finish somewhere a little bit north of 68%. I think we remain committed to that. I would point back, however, to some of Katherine's comments in her prepared comments relative to the integration of the facilities and the investments that those require to bring quality systems on par with what we have across our global network at this point in time. In addition, to somehow align these efforts in GQ and O do acquire upfront investments before you see the long-term benefit of those. And as Katherine tried to comment, we are seeing some of that benefit starting to show up in standard costs that impact future periods. So we're encouraged, though acknowledge it, certainly. On cash, as I said very briefly in my comments, it was not our best day. There's not one particular area that really stands out in terms of driving the performance, though I would note we did have some legal settlements previously disclosed that were paid in the quarter, like the Biotech settlement. We also had some larger-than-anticipated tax payments that impacted cash in the quarter as well. But when you look at all the other categories, working capital, inventory increased, DSO increased, accounts payable actually decreased, which was a negative as well, so it just -- frankly, if I summed it up, it was not our best performance, and I think it's something that we've reinvigorated our focus on here starting in the second quarter.
Curt R. Hartman: No, it's entirely incremental. The resignation occurred. You can't time resignations or build those into plans. It's entirely incremental cost in the quarter, and it was previously disclosed. So it hits G&A. And when you do the math on the previously disclosed, it's about 40 basis points.
Curt R. Hartman: It's a very fair question, and I probably should have provided a little color around that. U.S. medical results were disappointing, obviously, as you can look at our press release. I think it's more owing to internal issues than it is to external market issues. We had -- as Katherine commented, we've had some plant transitions going on. One of those involves production associated with our Medical business. In addition, we had some regulatory approvals and product launches that were a bit delayed beyond what we had anticipated, and that has also impacted our ability to ship and hit the desired levels in the first quarter. So as we enter the second quarter, we have higher expectations, though it does take time to recover some of those shipment delays and get production ramped back up when you're talking about something as complex as our medical bed franchise. So we have higher expectations as we enter the second quarter.
Curt R. Hartman: I think there's a couple of answers to that question. Number one, part of the offset to the med device tax will come from the restructuring initiatives that were announced in November of 2011. So that was 4 months ago. So I wouldn't anticipate that those restructuring efforts would be materially impacting our results at this point in time. It is possible that we will see some of that benefit as we get into the second -- later half of this year. Other components that we're counting on are the GQO initiatives, which Katherine started to provide a little more detail on in this call. And then finally, we are certainly banking on all the acquisition activity and new product innovation introduction being contributors to top line growth to also help offset that. So our model is not solely based on a restructuring action that's been announced as the thing that gets us over this hurdle. It's a combination of all of the above and then probably some other things that will happen just within the overall normal operations of our business at the -- as we unfold our plans heading into 2013.
Curt R. Hartman: And I would say, Derrick, we are -- continue to be encouraged by the rollout of OtisMed. And that trend continues to increase month over month and is being with some level of enthusiasm at this point as we get more of the imaging centers up and installed and get to that further comprehensive approach out across the market.
Curt R. Hartman: No, I think going back to our original commentary, we're satisfied with the strategy that we have in place, and the company continues to execute on that strategy, both as it relates to our markets but also as it relates to our internal areas of focus, be it GQO or other shared service categories that we've been looking at or operational efficiencies. So I think the game plan remains very much sustained. Now with that said, there's always tweaks and adjustments, but we were making tweaks and adjustments quarter-on-quarter anyway. So we'll continue to run the offense and, as appropriate, adjust our plans where we see fit to take advantage of opportunities that may be presented.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes. Glenn, I would qualify the answer a couple of ways. Number one, the pricing cuts were a little bit larger than we had originally anticipated, so somewhere in the aggregate around 4% -- a little more than 4%. But overall, to the expectations for our business, it's immaterial, and our full year guidance factors all that in. So I don't think we see it as a major event at this point in time. It certainly is for our Japan business as they adjust to a slightly larger cut than they originally planned for, but the breadth of the portfolio over there should give them opportunities to absorb that.
Curt R. Hartman: I'm giving you one aggregated number for the Japan price cuts. Different segments have different price cuts, and I, again, I don't have that in front of me.
Curt R. Hartman: Well, keep in mind 65% of that -- of the Neurovascular business is outside the U.S. And so we look at the revenue breakdown between international and U.S. and we start looking at product rollouts, the Target Coil is the key innovation that, that business has been rolling through, and we feel very good about that. And internationally in the quarter, we had a very good quarter, which I think does directly reflect the success and acceptance of the Target Coil. In the U.S., our results were probably a little bit muted for our original expectations, and I think that's a reflection of the fact that we do not have a flow-diverting stent at this point in time. And customers are evaluating that technology, and that comes directly at the expense of coiling. That said, we still feel very good about our innovation pipeline in that business and feel very good about the Target Coil franchise. And we've got great customer relationships and great market shares across all the segments there. So as the year unfolds, we don't see any real material change in that business, and we do have some new products that are scheduled to be released here shortly that we're encouraged about how they will further impact that business this year.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes. I guess first thing I would point to is we did have an extra selling day in the quarter, which would take that 5.2% down, as we said, on an absolute basis to 3.6%. So that's not 100% accurate because capital businesses are not as subject to the day variations that the procedure-based businesses are. So if you take the 3.6%, it's comfortably inside the 2% to 5% range we gave, maybe a little bias to the high end. And number one, it's one quarter. So if we're sitting here at the midyear and we've got a quarter that's outside or -- to the upside of the range, maybe we'll reflect a little deeper on our business segments and look at our guidance. Right now, I think with one quarter under our belt, no material change in what we would refer to as elective procedure volumes. We're comfortable with our range and the assumptions that go into it.
Curt R. Hartman: I don't think that from a Stryker perspective, we have found the commercial operating environment to be materially different in the first quarter than what we saw last year. Clearly, on the asset management side, we have seen a little bit of holdback on the payable side in Southern Europe. However, there are some things being tossed around in some of the Southern European countries around payment schedule in some of the markets for the midyear point, and we hope that, that materializes, and we're obviously very involved in that. Overall, the market remains pretty stable. And I did comment that at least within Stryker in our hip, knee and in other Reconstructive segments, we did have positive growth in the quarter, which we view as a good sign for our business and a good sign for the stability that we're starting to get in that business.
Curt R. Hartman: I think within Medical, what we're really looking at is more self-induced damage in the first quarter than anything else. And that comes from some of our transition plans that always seem to have more difficulty in them than one would like to assume. And then on the regulatory front, we had some new products that didn't quite get where we needed them to in the first quarter. But we still feel very encouraged about those and how they'll influence this year. And so I don't look at our Medical results in the first quarter with great alarm. I'm disappointed, clearly, and I think that the team over at Medical is disappointed, because they've been on an 8-quarter run, and this is not how they wanted to start their first quarter. And I have it on good authority from that leadership team that they have much different plans for the rest of this year. So I'm cautiously optimistic that the rest of the year will unfold in a much different fashion.
Curt R. Hartman: So Bruce, when I -- I'm still the CFO, and when I get price questions, I usually deferred those to Katherine. So I don't know. You're kind of bumping that up to the interim CEO, which I know [ph]. But my view on price net of mix is probably no different than Katherine's. It's probably no different today than what it was 3 or 6 months ago. Innovation still matters. Our organizations are focused on innovation, be it internally developed or externally acquired. And I think to the extent that we keep the innovation focus on, that can benefit and offset some of the price pressure. There's nobody in our business walking around saying pricing pressure is going to change any time soon. We recognize that's part of the current day environment. We're not forecasting that to go away any time soon. And would we love price to change? Absolutely. But that's not what we're walking around thinking, and what we are thinking is that innovation still matters. We're seeing this in things like ADM and MDM, System 7, other products that we've introduced, the lateral approach out at our Spine organization. Innovation still pays. Customers still pay for great innovation. That remains somewhat the marching orders here.
Curt R. Hartman: I think we've just overall found that we need to let the numbers do the talking versus us projecting, because it's just far too difficult to estimate where the markets are going. Every day, there's a new headline that seems to shake things up. And we've got a highly engaged selling organization, great product innovation. And we're just going to keep pushing on that and let -- ultimately, let the numbers materialize.
Curt R. Hartman: Certainly. Starting any year, the goals are to improve the ratio. So as we begin 2012, we're looking at every ratio, looking for opportunities of improvement. With that said, at the end of the day, we have an earnings target that we're trying to move towards. And we reserve that right to invest in the areas of opportunity, whether they be in Global Quality and Ops or whether they're in the operating expense category. So if the top line is improving, you should probably anticipate we're going to make greater investments in the selling expense line, which is going to, therefore, impact the operating margin. So we try to keep the absolute amount of flexibility that we can while continuing to move the business ratios forward in a responsible way. As we look at this year, I go back to my very first comment. We're looking for improvement in all of our ratios. We do believe in letting the business roll up their results and make the appropriate investments locally, because they tend to make the best decisions. And as of right now, we still feel that there's opportunity, and we're still going to drive forward toward some improvement in the operating margin. I'm not going to give you a specific number on what we're targeting, specific percentage improvement or things of that nature. And then keep it in mind, some of this is also impacted, again, by acquisition work that does hit operating expenses. As it's first time in this year, it doesn't have a prior-year comparable.
Curt R. Hartman: So on the first part of that, we did buy a few shares back. And it was a little bit later in the quarter, so they don't really materially impact the quarter. And frankly, it was intended to offset some of the dilution. So that's a fair and accurate statement. As it relates to our investments and trying to align those with our customers, it's absolutely spot on. The customer is evolving. They don't all evolve at the same point in time. You have some highly sophisticated customers who have a much different attitude and appetite in terms of the approach by companies like Stryker, and we're having to make some investments to ensure we align with their expectations. On the other side, there's a lot of health care systems that like the same approach they've always had, and we're not going to run away from that, either. So we're making the investments where we see the opportunity to move with our changing customer while at the same time ensuring that we don't leave any customers behind. And so I guess I'd just put that in the "Do we retain flexibility to make the investments to address where our customers are going and recognizing along the way we may have to change some approaches and we may have to make some strategic investments to get our customers attention?" And that's fine, too, because, again, if you've got -- if you have the right innovation walking in the door, if you have the right commercial approach walking in the door, there's generally a favorable reception. And we're doing those experiments to ensure we're on track with where our customers are heading.
Curt R. Hartman: Sure. The emerging markets, we believe, are an important part of this company's future. And we have a new group president within the last 6 months who's responsible for international, and one of his first homework/assignments along with his team was to really dive in and evaluate what our current approach was versus what it may need to evolve to. And we're very encouraged by that work and what he and the team are doing. Today, when I look at emerging markets, you can come up with a long laundry list of countries. But I think places like China, India, Brazil, maybe you throw Russia, Turkey and a few others in the mix a little bit later, but if you start with China and India, we have a presence there. We've had a presence there for a long period of time. And our growth in those market is above the company average, and we anticipate that it should stay there. The real question is, is it growing fast enough, given the rapid evolution of those markets? And that's what we're evaluating. Do we have the right products? Do we have the right structure? Do we have the right approach? So I think our strategy here is to do a comprehensive review, take a hard look at what our investments are lined up to support, make adjustments where appropriate and ensure that at some point out in the future, we can really point to success in those markets and Stryker evolving and emerging to be a key market share leader in that space.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes, the Boston Scientific Neurovascular integration to Stryker is, obviously, then and continues to be, a very complex transaction. But I think in the best spirits, both the Boston Scientific side and the Stryker side have put highly dedicated, high-performance teams on this, and we remain very much on track with the transition service agreements and the transfer. Keep in mind, there's the manufacturing in Cork, Ireland; there's manufacturing in West Valley, Utah; and a small bit of manufacturing out in Fremont, California. All of those platforms remain on track, and those will continue in the integration transaction. We'll, probably not be complete until midyear 2013 based on latest plans and estimates. Obviously, that fluctuates and moves somewhat, because these are big projects that do have some variability. I'm probably not going to get into any of the color commentary around impact on gross margins. It's a little premature to talk about that right now given that we have not yet officially transitioned any of the manufacturing to Stryker.
Curt R. Hartman: We're excited by the lateral system that we developed and are launching. We've -- it's been met with good enthusiasm, both from the selling organization and from customers. But to your point, it's very early, so I wouldn't say it's had a substantially meaningful impact on our Spine business at this point in time. But from a feedback and enthusiasm standpoint, I think our selling organization is engaged, and I think our customers who are getting exposure to it are finding that we have a nice offering. So we're encouraged. I'll leave it at that.
Curt R. Hartman: No, it's the other way around. Merci is the original device, and Merci has the broadest regulatory approval inclusive of Japan. And in addition,, Concentric also brought some access products and balloon catheter-related items that compromise sales. The Trevo device has CE Mark and is in sale in limited form in the European market.
Curt R. Hartman: No, 65% of revenues comes from outside the U.S., which is inclusive of Japan, China, Latin American countries.
Curt R. Hartman: I think at this point in time, we're sticking with our original guidance. I think it's the responsible thing to do. There's -- we all want to be optimistic that elective procedures will rebound, will return at some level. But again, we -- we'd rather have our numbers tell the story. And based on those numbers, if there are adjustments to be made from guidance, we would move in that direction. But we're not seeing that right now, and, therefore, we're comfortable with the original guidance we've put out across the segments.
Curt R. Hartman: The Japanese impact will start in April. But again, the 4% to 5% comment was across all Japan products that are impacted by the price cut. And so when you look at our Japan revenue, a segment of that is hip, a segment is knees, a segment is trauma, right on down the line. So I don't think it's not going to have a super-material impact on overall hip or knee total company pricing. Certainly, it is dilutive to the overall pricing right now, but I don't think it's going to be material to the overall company's price to the extent that we need to make massive changes.
Curt R. Hartman: The new products are approved, and we're very excited about those. And the supply issues, the majority have been resolved, and we are working forward on ramping up supply. It's one thing to get the process in place. It's another to ramp the capacity up. But we feel good about the future periods here.
Curt R. Hartman: I don't have the document in front of me, but I think it was a little bit of both. It was fairly equal contributions. That business has a couple of different components into it, so there was some supply in some components. There were some regulatory approvals in others.
Curt R. Hartman: We still feel good about our progress towards that goal and feel good about not only the early innovation that was released there in the Target Coil, but follow-on innovation that's coming. And I feel pretty high degree of resolve that we're on track with our acquisition goals that we stated when we first announced the deal. And we -- I think similar to what I said in January, we see that overall market probably growing in the 7% to 9%. Obviously, you're doing a little bit of estimating, because a lot of the numbers are not publicly disclosed. But as we try to roll things up, we see it in that 7% to 9%, 6% to 8%. And again, the acute ischemic side is where the -- where we see the higher growth rates coming from.
Curt R. Hartman: David, your comments are accurate. I would just remind you, the other thing I talked about in the first quarter was that all of the R&D spending related to the Phase II trials for the OA product out of Biotech, which had previously been included in R&D, had been turned completely off, and those dollars had been reallocated across the core business franchises. So on an absolute basis, dollar for dollar, it looks very similar, but we've actually put more dollars into our core R&D platforms because of the shutdown of the OA Phase II trial. So I think the dollars that you see are going to be -- it's going to be in that range on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Net result, the growth rate will be slower. And potentially, as a percentage of sale, it drops down. But it does not signal by any stretch a slowdown in our investments in innovation. It signals more a re-prioritization of some dollars that were in a Phase II trial for OA that are now part of our core growth platforms R&D.
Curt R. Hartman: No, 11. We've added 11. Included in those 11 are the 3 that are still yet to come over from Neurovascular.
Curt R. Hartman: I don't think we're ready to go there. I think Katherine commented that we have 3 of them in process for closure...
Curt R. Hartman: Consolidation, et cetera. Again, there's a bandwidth issue here. We're doing, on one side, absorbing acquisitions, at the same side trying to simplify our global manufacturing network while both have an overriding priority of doing absolutely nothing to disrupt the quality systems that we have in place and, in fact, continuing to try to elevate our quality systems each and every day.
Curt R. Hartman: No, our guidance does not include any additional buyback information or any acceleration, which is exactly how we started the year. And hopefully, as we now enter what I would call the third year of more consistent approach to buybacks, you understand that we try to be fairly opportunistic with where the market is and where we see the stock price and where we finally have the opportunity based on our U.S. cash position. And so you've got to have an authorization in place, you've got to have the market opportunity and you've got to have U.S. cash available to make it all come together. And we did what we thought was appropriate in the first quarter given all of those factors.
Curt R. Hartman: Thank you, Derek, and thank you, everybody, for your time with us this evening and your questions. That concludes our first quarter call. We're very excited about our first quarter results, and we'll continue on the strategic objectives that we have laid out and that we've been committed to now for a number of years. I'd just like to remind everybody before closing that the conference call for our second quarter 2012 operating results will be held on July 18, 2012. I would note that, that is a Wednesday. Our calls are typically held on Tuesday. We're doing that because there's actually calendars with holidays. Take one day out of the closing process. So we want to make sure we give our teams around the globe appropriate time to reconcile all of our global results. So thank you, everybody. Have a good evening.
Katherine A. Owen: Bob, it's Katherine. It's probably closer to flat, stable, as we mentioned in our prepared comments. It feels like the environment may be getting a little bit better, but with just one quarter and some of the seasonality, seasonal anomalies that happen between Q4 and Q1, it's probably too soon to say if we've seen a real change in the trend. But it certainly feels very stable at the moment.
Katherine A. Owen: And Kristen, one follow-up I would make. Although Medical is the most -- the business most dominated by capital, there is significant capital component to both our instruments and Endoscopy businesses, and particularly with instruments and power tools, which is clearly capital, we're seeing very good growth. So it doesn't feel like there's any real issue from hospital capital budgets versus what might be more Stryker-specific issues in the short term.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, similar to some of the other comments that we've heard from companies, some of the Southern European areas have been a little bit more challenged, and it's contributed to our higher DSOs by about 3 days from the end of 2011. It doesn't feel like anything that isn't manageable right now, but it is part of what -- where the pressure is coming from.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, the environment in the spine market remains challenging. It is one of the areas where we're seeing continued pricing pressure. I wouldn't say it's materially different from what we've seen previously. It is being offset by better gains for Interventional Spine business, but the traditional core Spine business remains under pressure when you ...
Katherine A. Owen: I was going to say when you ex out the benefit they're seeing from the addition of the product offering from Orthovita.
Katherine A. Owen: To your first comment, not in total. But certainly, ADM and MDM are a driver of that mix benefit. And just as we would expect Accolade to help going forward, we are seeing a mix benefit in knees but not to the same degree that the hip segment is seeing. And I wouldn't point to anything specific as it relates to revisions. That's just kind of the normal offering helping.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say we're cautiously optimistic, but too soon to say that we've seen a meaningful improvement or even a modest improvement in volume trends right now. And partly, it's because of the historic Q4 to Q1 seasonality anomaly that it's just -- it's tough to know. It certainly feels very stable from a volumes perspective, and perhaps the trend arrow is pointing upward. But we'll feel better when we see how the results in the next quarter and how they play out for the year. I think it's certainly benefiting from easier comps as well as the momentum now that we're kind of in that full rollout, ADM, MDM, getting traction with OtisMed. So the product traction is helping. It's helping with some competitive conversions. And it's helping on the mix side. So we're having a little bit less of a negative impact from a price-mix perspective as it relates to hips and knees, particularly on the hip side.
Katherine A. Owen: Hopefully, higher. It's trending nicely. It's up 4 percentage points sequentially, and we're still out there pretty aggressively promoting the benefits of that. It's tough to know if you look at metal-on-metal. And the benefits were certainly, in large part, driven by the large head design, and the desire for that hasn't gone away. That peaked at 30%, 35%. Whether that gets to that degree with our business, it's kind of tough to know, but I would say that it's continuing to trend upward at this point. So I don't think it's flattened out yet at 21%.
Katherine A. Owen: No, it's no change from the time when we acquired Concentric back in late Q3, I believe, where we said we were hopeful of a 2012, 2013 FDA clearance. So no change at all in the time frame there. Some of the Trevo device was released at one of the recent neuro meetings. But I'll -- Larry, I have to follow up with you offline to get more specifics around it because I don't have that in front of me.
Katherine A. Owen: No, that's a new level of detail that we included in the press release by segment just to give you guys a little bit more granularity. So it's not a number we released previously. The number you're referencing is total company price, which we've always reported. It's just you're getting more segment detail. So no, there's no material change. And as I mentioned, it's actually a little bit more favorable when you factor in mix for hips and knees.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it's been probably just the market. The overall spine market has seen lower volumes, and some of that is the recession-induced slowdown in elective procedures, but it's also payer pushback. So that is probably the overriding biggest factor. Layer on top of that ongoing pricing pressure. Certainly, the comps help, and -- but that's hardly we want to be banking on. And we haven't done as well but better more recently on some of the new products that fill gaps. So I wouldn't view them as game-changers but necessarily to make sure we've got a competitive product offering. So it's first and foremost just a challenged market, but an area that we continue to believe has a lot of opportunity for innovation. So it's a segment we're committed to, just recognizing it is going to be one of the more challenged businesses that we have right now.
Katherine A. Owen: No, and it really wasn't my intent. I certainly feel very good that the market is stable. But as we've tried to say in the past, with our implant business in particular and given the vagaries of the market right now, you really have to look at more than one quarter to get a true sense if there's been a change in the trend. So what -- are we hopeful that maybe trends get better? Absolutely. But at this point, it would just be too early a call to say anything other than certainly stable, and, hopefully, we're not going to go into an environment where we see any type of worsening in elective procedure trends that occurred, as everybody knows, in some of the prior quarters. So a high degree of conviction in stability, but not ready to say anything stronger than that at this point.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it's probably too early. Literally, the Accolade 2 launch is getting under way right now. And unlike ADM and MDM, it will cannibalize some of the original or first-generation Accolade sales. But obviously, our -- that group is focused on competitive conversions. And I think the uptake will be a bit quicker for the reasons we've pointed to and the familiarity with the Accolade platform. So certainly -- it's correct that we can't control the markets, but giving sales reps new products to sell is a big motivator in any environment. And OtisMed continues to see sequential growth, and very pleased with the ability to offer what is increasingly becoming an important product offering to have in that knee portfolio.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it's more in the market share side of things than anything else. We do charge for it, but it's -- I would view that more as a driver of market share.
Katherine A. Owen: I would just add that I'd be surprised if over the next 24 months, there wasn't more acquisition activity. So it's -- there's going to be a push-pull here.
