Kevin A. Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on MAKO and our November analyst meeting. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results, before we open the call to Q&A. We achieved another quarter of solid organic sales growth, coming in at 6.2% and fueled by a strong showing for both MedSurg and Neurotechnology with both delivering roughly 7% increases. Orthopaedics growth was consistent at approximately 5% organically. On a geographic basis, Q3 sales were balanced with a 6% increase in the U.S. and a 6.7% gain in International, driven by strong momentum in Europe and a return to growth in emerging markets. We are pleased with the performance of our acquisitions, including both Sage and Physio-Control, which are well positioned to help us drive stronger organic sales growth for Stryker in the coming years. The strong top-line performance, coupled with our ongoing focus on G&A leverage, resulted in EPS of $1.39, up 11.2% and a penny above the high end of our targeted range. Based on our performance for the first nine months of 2016, we are confident in our ability to deliver our commitments with organic sales growth for the full year expected at 6% to 6.5%. We are narrowing our adjusted EPS range to the upper end, which now stands at $5.75 to $5.80 per share. Overall, we believe the strength of our people, diversified revenue model, and new product flow positions us well to continue to deliver sales at the high end of med tech with leveraged earnings gains. We look forward to providing our 2017 financial guidance on our Q4 earnings call in January. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, sure. So, outside of China, I would say I'm really encouraged by the progress in India, which is really a continuation of what we've been experiencing in the past few quarters. Brazil returned to growth, and as you know, Brazil has been a very challenging market for us over the past year to two. We also had good results in Russia, Turkey, so it's really across the board. Our other emerging market countries performed very well. China is still a bit of a laggard, but as Glenn mentioned in his prepared remarks, we expect China to return to growth in the fourth quarter. So we're starting to see an improvement. Part of this is really the comparables and we're sort of lapping the years of sort of poor performance. So, we would expect a bit of a turnaround, but it's really early. It's only one quarter, but I'm starting to see a trend that we will see growth. Now whether it will get back to double digit, as we experienced in prior years, is a little early for me to say, but certainly the outlook is much more positive than it has been over the past year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Thanks, Rick. First of all, over the full six-month period we're really pleased with both companies performance. They're really in line with our expectations. The integrations are going very well. As you know, Sage is what I'll call a lighter integration, given that there's less of an overlap with the call point, but certainly we're sharing leads with the Sage organization. And Physio, we have a little bit more of call point overlap. It's really more of a planning phase this year. The sales forces are running independently this year and then over the course of the next year or two we'll start to integrate those sales forces. But I would say so far so good on integration, and we're pleased with the performance and really the outlook for the future.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure, Mike. I'll take the Trauma and Hip question and then I'll pass it over to Katherine to talk about I think some misperceptions around 2017. So what I've been saying for some time on the Trauma business is that sustaining 15% growth quarter-after-quarter is pretty unlikely. We've done that for over three years coming into this year. If you look at last year's third quarter, we grew 15.1% in the U.S. And so to put up a 7% growth against that comp is still pretty solid performance, but law of big numbers is we've been signaling that trauma will start to slow down a little bit in terms of its growth rate, but certainly performing above market. And I think still a solid strong performance this quarter. But the only signal there is that sustaining that level of above performance, three times the market, is not likely to do indefinitely. So no concerns. We have a very strong trauma leadership team, strong business, strong pipeline, and I'm still very bullish about that division. As it relates to Hips, we're longer in our product cycle, with Accolade II being one of the newer products that we launched a few years ago and a lot of excitement in Knee. And as you know, the same sales force that sells both Hips and Knees. We have a big launch upcoming with MAKO Total Knee. We have a lot of cementless products in the knee portfolio. So, I would say that there's been a bit of a tension focused on knees, and we've seen this in our industry for decades that it is very difficult to be able to focus on both products equally. So the fact that our Hip growth, which had been above market for above three or four years, is now moving let's say more in line with market is not also surprising.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so thanks, David. What I would tell you is that we haven't seen really any change in the capital business. It's been extremely stable. The election to us is really a nonevent, in terms of the businesses that we participate in. As you know, there's a lot of attention being drawn to pharma. A lot of comments we made about pharma but med tech is a very small percent of the overall healthcare spend and we're not seeing really any impact whatsoever. And as it relates to procedural volume, again, we didn't see anything unusual within the months of the quarter. Very, very stable market and that's not new. The market has been stable for the past two years, three years and we continue to perform well in this market.
Kevin A. Lobo: No, I would say it's just continued strong performance. We've been performing very well in our trauma business over the last three years and it was just more of the same this quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so we're really pleased with our foot and ankle performance in the U.S. this quarter. We grew 15%, very much in line with the performance we've had over the past year. It continues to be a very good market.
Kevin A. Lobo: But certainly when you look at the overall we're very pleased with our performance. Our sales teams are doing a really excellent job and we're excited about the future years.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, as you look at our Spine business you see that we've had issues around product performances, supply chain disruptions, but we have a great leadership team and we had a number of quarters of very strong growth, and I believe in this leadership team and Tritanium is a great example of the 3D printed interbody device, which is performing very well. I'm confident our team can continue to perform well and grow the business. Relating to M&A, I will give you at same comment I gave for all of our divisions, we're always looking to strengthen our businesses, but we're not going to comment on whether we're going to do acquisitions big or small on any of our divisions.
Kevin A. Lobo: You know, as we look at our cash, I'm sure we're in the same position as several other U.S. companies, and if something like that became available, as it did a few years back, we would definitely take advantage of it and repatriate our cash to the extent possible. In terms of how we might prioritize that cash, it's hard to say at this point. You know, we've said before about what our priorities are around capital allocation and that would mean M&A, that would mean dividends, and it may mean share buybacks. But commenting beyond that -- I don't think I can do that at this point of time.
Kevin A. Lobo: We love the fact that robotics is taking up a lot of the discussion, because as you know with MAKO we believe in robotics. Right now at Stryker, our focus is on Hips and Knees, and specifically the Total Knee launch, but we see over time that certainly robotics will extend into other procedural areas, including Spine. We do have a small R&D effort underway right now but it's too early for us to speculate on when we would come to the market in that specialty.
Kevin A. Lobo: Thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the fourth quarter 2016 results will be held on January 24, 2017. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will include an update on MAKO, as well as a preview of our upcoming analyst meeting. Starting with MAKO, results in the quarter were strong, with a total of 30 robots installed globally, representing a roughly 75% year-over-year increase with 23 in the U.S. Consistent with prior quarters, approximately 40% of the installations were in competitive accounts which Stryker has no or relatively low market share. Demand for the MAKO robot is being fueled by the expanded indications, including the Total Knee which began a limited launch in June. Since that time, we have had KOL surgeon surgeons trained on the robot for the Total Knee, including those with prior robot experience but with less exposure to our triathlon knee, as well as surgeons who had not previously used a robot for joint reconstruction. As we discussed previously, by observing both these groups we are optimizing the training protocol. Of note, since the start of the limited market release for the Total Knee over 200 cases have been performed and we've been pleased with the results to date. We are targeting the 2017 AAOF meeting to move into the full commercial launch. I will now shift to the analyst meeting which will be held on November 9 at our Orthopaedics headquarters in New Jersey. In order to optimize the utility of this meeting we will be focusing the formal part of the meeting on several key areas. This will include a MAKO Physician panel with two surgeons who have been part of the limited market release. We will also have a Stryker Performance Solutions panel, which will include an SPS customer and focus on how we've been able to deploy our expertise in the joint reconstruction episode of care to help reduce their procedural costs. Turning to cost transformation for growth, Lonny Carpenter, Group President of Global Quality and Operations will provide an update on the various initiatives within CTG, including the expected financial contribution over the next few years. Glenn Boehnlein will provide a financial update, including our longer term targets. We will conclude the formal part of the meeting with a Q&A session with the leadership team. We will then move to the product fair, which will include product highlights for MedSurg and Neurotechnology, and will forward the opportunity to interact informally with the broader Stryker leadership team. We hope you will be able to join us for the meeting. The event details and complete agenda, including the various guest speakers and their backgrounds are available on the event registration site. With that, I will now turn the call over to Glenn.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah. In addition to the panels that focus on MAKO and SPS, Lonny will be giving a CTG update which will include a greater quantification and visibility around the long-term potential from the cost savings that we're targeting. And then, Glenn will be giving an update with some of our longer term financial targets. We'll go into the full detail of that at the Analyst Day but also to be clear we won't be giving 2017 guidance ranges, the formalization of our targets, until the January fourth quarter call.
Katherine A. Owen: I think obviously the 30 robots placed we're very pleased with that number of installations. We're also pleased that they are going into roughly 40% into competitive accounts. It's also what is helping drive our knee growth, which we believe is above market. I mean, clearly it's a big focus for our sales force right now given their excitement around that. We do believe qualitatively we're going to get – continue to receive feedback around benefits including alignment, less tissue disruption, and ultimately patient satisfaction. Longer term clinical data on that is going to take time to collect. We will be garnering that but that's going to be one, two, three year data and obviously it will take that long. I think it will be a great opportunity at the panel at the Analyst Day where we're going to have a surgeon who had no experience with the robot to prior becoming part of the limited market release of the knee, as well as a longer term robot user to ask those questions and hear what their experience has been. But with the 200 cases to date we've been really pleased what we've seen so far and the ability to both get into competitive account and optimize the training protocol ahead of full commercial launch, which as we said will take place in March at the Academy Meeting.
Katherine A. Owen: And just going back to some of the misperceptions around some of the conferences, the healthcare conferences in September, I would tell you candidly we were surprised as anybody that there was any misperception. We've tried to be very consistent in terms of our goal of growing sales at the high end of med tech. We think the med tech markets are largely stable, at least the segment where our product portfolio competes. And as Kevin said in his prepared comments at the start of this call, we feel really good about our ability to continue to deliver that. The specific range around that, which may have been where some of the misperceptions came, we will talk about in January. As we do every year. So to the degree of unwillingness to give guidance ahead of when we normally do it caused some concern. I think that was incorrect. We feel great about the momentum and the product portfolio and we'll look to specify that in terms of financial ranges in January.
Katherine A. Owen: It's both. Some of those are part of the limited market release, but that's a small group. Some of those who are just, for a lack of a better way of putting it, getting in the queue because they want to be part of the upgrades and ready for the total launch. So it's a mix, but it is I would say that limited market release customers are the minority.
Katherine A. Owen: I think that's the way to be thinking about it right now. Remember, these robots have to get installed. That takes time and energy and people. We have to train, and so there's a cadence. This is not like an easy product that you launch overnight and it runs. So, we need to be thoughtful in that. We're very pleased that we can target Academy for the full commercial launch and we'll be well prepared to go and train from there, but I still think the back half of the year is the best time to be focused on in terms of starting to see indications that we're gaining meaningful new market share.
Katherine A. Owen: Hey Chris. I think what you'll hear Lonny talk about is progress on multiple fronts, as we've gotten the CTG program underway, ERP is one of them, product lifecycle management, plant optimization, indirect spend. And as we try to articulate, giving greater quantification around the longer term targets and expected contribution from that. So that will be the focus of his comments while Glenn will focus on our longer term financial targets beyond 2017.
Katherine A. Owen: There's no change in M&A strategy, whether it's the company overall or Ortho versus MedSurg or Neurotech, it's focused on our core in key adjacent markets. If you look historically, the bulk of our deals have been in core markets with a few key adjacent acquisitions, and that will continue to be the strategy going forward across all the divisions. So no change from that.
Katherine A. Owen: I think we feel comfortable from a total company perspective their pricing is going to be down in that 1.5%, 2% vicinity. It's been trending slightly less negative. Ortho, it seems relatively stable, but candidly, trying to predict that level of accuracy 50, 100 basis points moves in prices is really difficult. We have greater confidence and visibility when you look at the totality of the company because we have areas with less pricing pressure. And so we really try to focus on the total versus a specific line item where it can move around quarter-to-quarter.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, we would agree that we really haven't seen an impact, but in fairness too, it has only been six months. And in the first year there is no financial penalty, so we really believe you are going to see a greater focus by hospitals when there's more of a financial incentive as you go into 2017. I think you'll be able to get a lot better visibility, or hopefully well, at the Analyst Day because we will have a hospital customer who has experience under the bundled payment, but we continue to believe their focus is going to be in the post-acute setting on rehab costs, since there is tremendous value to be realized by shifting more patients to the home and out of some of the skilled nursing facilities and other rehab facilities.
Katherine A. Owen: Sure, Matt. The short answer is they all do. But we have been capacity constrained. We are adding 3D printing capacity on a monthly basis. We broke ground on a dedicated 3D printing facility in Ireland last year. . As you know, this is extremely highly technical with a great deal of know-how around 3D printing these type of metals. We will be launching additional 3D printed products, but you should assume you'll see the benefit of that in Spine as well as on our revision and press-fit knee portfolio.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah. So keep in mind, it's the same sales force and the customer base on Hips and Knees. Accolade, which has been a terrific product launch for us, is several years into that now, whereas MAKO is getting enormous amount of focus and is a huge product launch, and as a result the sales force has focused on that. So there is a halo effect that's helping our Knee business. We also have additional new products on the Knee side, our 3D printed revision cones and sleeves and as we just mentioned our 3D printed cementless Knee, which is really driving us to now low double-digit penetration for cementless knees, which is well above the industry. So I think right now you're just in a period where there's a lot happening on the knee side, and a lot will continue to happen as we go into full commercial launch. We will be introducing more Hip products but sales force likes to focus on what is new and hot, and clearly a lot of that momentum right now is on the knee side. We think Hips probably more like overall market growth. Knees we believe we're going to continue to grow above the market.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah. So we continue to see good momentum in the AIS market. As we talked about before, predicting the slope and the speed of that market adoption is tricky, so it'll move around quarter-to-quarter. And AIS was a bit slower sequentially, although still healthy growth in that segment. We did have a coil recall in the quarter, which impacted our hemorrhagic business. That's fully resolved and shouldn't impact going forward.
Katherine A. Owen: I wouldn't read into that. Remember, it's a capital business. It tends to move around quarter-to-quarter. And so there wasn't anything unique relative Q2 to Q3. We're very pleased with that integration so far, recognizing as early as Kevin commented on. But you will see capital move around. And we tend to try and focus on multi-quarter rolling trends to really get a good sense with that business, but nothing to call out.
Katherine A. Owen: There's nothing we would uniquely call out. It remains a highly competitive market with a lot of players across the board, both the larger, more established companies, and obviously the smaller ones. But there's nothing that we're seeing different with respect to any of the key competitors in the market at this time.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah, hi, Kristen, it's Glenn. Yeah, we actually were on track in 2016 to hit the accretion numbers that we put out there. And then also for 2017, based on our preliminary planning, we think we'll be on track to hit the numbers that we put out for accretion as well.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah, yeah. It feels like two questions, and I'll take a stab at them both. So, first off on FX, as you can see, translational is easing, especially in Q3. And we expect it to be nominal in Q4. Transactional will still continue to impact us as it did this quarter, and it will next quarter. And part of that is related to our hedging program and the way we lock in hedges 18 months ahead of time and how that relates to the current exchange rates that are out there. And then secondly, as it relates to the change in stock options, I think if you take a look, we've disclosed what we think that will be, which is roughly maybe $30 million and we don't plan on adopting it until next year.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: I'm sorry, we're getting a little feedback in the room. So what I can tell you on this front is that's really all about the surgeon who wants to become better and who believes in technology. Less so about our specific relationships or whether the hospital is with Stryker or a different account. It's a different niche that we're serving. If you look at MAKO prior to our acquisition, they were able to obtain about 18% of the uni market over a four year period. They were not a proven entity. They weren't even an orthopaedic company. So we really believe this is about technology adoption, certainly in the first couple of years. It's really around behavior, which surgeons believe in technology, and we're going to go to the surgeons that believe in it. There are many skeptics, as you know, with all disruptive technology and some of those skeptics are Stryker loyal surgeons, and they won't be the first to adopt and that doesn't concern us because there are many surgeons who are interested and who will be willing to adopt.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: It's long been our history to be very disciplined in our deployment of capital. So when we look at deals we want to strengthen every division that we have in the company, but we won't just pay whatever for companies. We're very disciplined, we walk away when the prices are above our ability to deliver value and sometimes there's assets that we like and the price point's just too high, and we have discipline to walk away from deals. And I think that's why you see the ROIC so consistent year-over-year-over-year in spite of the acquisition nature. Also the ability to have acquisitions that fit in our existing business, that plug into our sales force, which is the bulk of the deals we do. We have a proven model to deliver value with those types of acquisitions. So I think it's a combination of playing to our strengths, in terms of our commercial execution, and being financially disciplined with the deals that we do make.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: We have a lot of experience with the ambulatory surgery center, with our sports medicine business, and as you know Spine – a number of procedures, the more simple procedures are starting to move into the ambulatory surgery center. At this stage, MAKO hasn't had a big impact, but we do see robotics is going to have a play in all of the different aspects of the care continuum. I think this trend will continue towards the shift of site of care, towards surgery centers will continue, but it's not something that we're unprepared for. We have plans across our divisions and as you saw if you were at NASS you saw the Spine division has actually created a program that's very specific for the surgery center.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Well, we continue to sell all of our robots, just to be clear. And we report our robot sales in the other Orthopaedic category, which you can see is up quite a bit. The other items that are shown in that other category includes bone cement, and bone cement was down in the quarter, both in the U.S. and internationally. We used to have a lot more stocking orders for bone cement and now our hospital customers are sort of buying it as they need it, and so bone cement does tend to be volatile from quarter-to-quarter. But when you look at our knee number, those are implants that you're seeing in the knee number and no robot sales.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Sure. I think if you look quarter-to-quarter Q3 to Q4 our margin is fairly consistent. And I talked about this before, like you've mentioned there's lots of variables that impact our margin. Not only price, but FX, acquisitions, and certainly one of the biggest factors is mix. And the mix plays out in two ways. It plays out in sort of geographic mix, but also sort of business and product mix and so as I look year-over-year at third quarter, really probably the biggest impact that we had was related to business mix in terms of how much MedSurg versus Orthopaedics versus international we had last year versus this year. And then on the FX front, we entered the hedging program back when foreign currency was a lot more volatile and the whole idea was to lock in the predictability of foreign currency for us. So, like you had mentioned, currencies move up and down. Our hedging program provides stability and predictability to us. And so for the third quarter, I think as I said, there'll be sort of a nominal impact on sales related to translational, but that will have potentially a minor impact similar to this quarter related to transactional FX. And that's where I think we'll come out.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah. I don't know. I wish I had the currency crystal ball to figure out – how things were going to flow. But it's hard to say because it's not only impacted by, say, what we've done in hedging but what the underlying transactions are. So I don't think I can really comment that far out at this point.
