Kevin Lobo: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Stryker’s first quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are Bill Jellison, our CFO and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Following my opening comments, Katherine will provide several updates, including MAKO. Bill will then offer details on our quarterly results before turning to questions and answers. Our first quarter results continue to reflect the strength of our sales and marketing teams, our diversified businesses and the payoff we are realizing from our investments in innovation. We had another strong quarter of organic sales growth of nearly 6% and EPS topped a high-end of our projected range for the quarter. Trauma and Extremities, Sports Medicine, Interventional Spine and our Neurotechnology franchises all continued their momentum from last year with excellent growth. Our medical business also had an outstanding quarter, marking three successive quarters of stellar performance. And our U.S. Hip business helped to fuel the strength in Orthopedics. We are pleased with the continued progress on MAKO, which was a highlight of the recent American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons Meeting. And we continue to have a high level of conviction regarding the long-term potential for robotics in orthopedics. We are encouraged with launch of our transatlantic operating model, as Europe posted another good quarter of growth and with strength in divisional leadership is set up for accelerated gains in the years ahead. As a reminder, we have used some of the benefits of our lower tax rate to invest in Europe SG&A. Growth within the emerging markets was solid again, as was our performance in Australia. Like any quarter, we had some challenges, including U.S. supply disruptions, which adversely impacted revenue for both Instruments and MAKO implants. The MAKO issues will be resolved in Q2, while the Instruments situation will linger into Q3. Despite these challenges, both businesses managed to post positive growth in the quarter. In both cases, we see delayed sales and no material loss of revenue for the full year. Japan is on an improving trajectory and we expect this trend to continue as we move through the year. Growth from our recent acquisitions was also modestly below our expectation in the first quarter, but our teams are excited about the future of these businesses as they work through early integration. Foreign exchange was a negative impact, in line with our Q1 expectations. And if rates remain at current levels, we will generally be in line with the full year guidance communicated in January. We have also repurchased $280 million of our stock year-to-date, $130 million of which occurred during Q1. In sum, we are off to a strong start for 2015, with top line strength across our three business segments and balanced globally. We are driving earnings results with disciplined expense management, while continuing to invest in R&D to ensure long-term revenue growth. Our solid balance sheet and cash flow generation remains a key characteristic of Stryker and positions us well as we continue to look for the best ways to invest in our future. As an organization, we are focused on consistently delivering on our targets as we strive to optimize shareholder returns. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. So the re-class is really just for consistency. It’s really one of our groups were classifying some of the expenses the same way. So it’s a re-class of some of the freight costs that are coming out of the SG&A category and going into COGS and it’s about 30 basis points, pretty much on average for this year. But all of the restatements will be reflected in the financials in both periods. As far as the tax rate, yes we stated early on in the year that we were expecting at least two full percentage points of improvement off of last year’s rate. I think that we feel very good about kind of one, where the rate came out for the quarter and are pleased with realizing kind of the benefit associated with that. And as we mentioned, we do believe that that rate is sustainable throughout this year. And then also keep in mind, in the fourth quarter when the tax extenders, if they do get approved at $0.05 a share that will affect it by about another full percentage point.
Kevin Lobo: Well, Mike, this is Kevin. I would tell you, we feel very good about the quarter and certainly the outlook for the rest of the year. All of our businesses are performing well by segment, by geography and we even had a challenge within instruments, which is one of our largest divisions that had a supply issue that will get rectified. Obviously, MAKO implants was the more modest, but even that had supplies. So, we fought through some supply challenges, still delivered almost 6% organic growth and feel very good about the position that we are in right now. The expenses are well under control. You heard about bill on the tax rate. So we really have all of our engines firing. And we are feeling very positive as we look through the rest of the year and that’s why we felt confident in raising the lower end of both sales and earnings.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks, David. I would say the first thing I would point to is MAKO. As you can see the kind of momentum we have already started to build with 20 robots in Q4, 9 this quarter, a number of our implants getting approved on the robot increased level of interest. And so I would see MAKO as one growth accelerator. Second, I would see the acute ischemic stroke as another area that with all the great data that’s coming out would be another engine. Now, that might take a little bit more than ‘16, but it should certainly start to ramp in ‘16. Our transatlantic operating model, we are very pleased about the upside that, that has. Not so much in the implant side, but certainly, if you look at MedSurg and even parts of Neurotechnology, we have a lot of room to grow our market share and we are very pleased with the start. It’s early – only one quarter since it’s gone live, but had a very strong quarter and I would see that also accelerating in 2016. So, a number of those levers and then the acquisitions that we have done, we have done a number of, I guess, 6 over the past – just over a year of bolt-ons. And those bolt-on acquisitions, whether it’s CoAlign, Pivot, Berchtold, all of those go through sort of early integration issues. And then those will start to accelerate. So, I really am excited about the prospects. 2015 will be a solid year. And I think 2016 could set up to be an even better one.
Kevin Lobo: So, maybe I will take the first part and then ask Bill to chime in, since Bill obviously, the finance group has a big say in terms of making sure we are creating value over the long-term, but we really look to strengthen our businesses and we are looking to do acquisitions. We want to strengthen our market position in the areas where we are playing today and that could be big deals, small deals or medium sized deals, but we want to make sure we are strengthening our position and encouraging our divisions to continue to drive growth. So, most of the acquisitions that we pursue and you have seen this are catalysts for growth and we tend to plug those into existing divisions and then drive accelerated growth. But we are disciplined in terms of the deals that we look at and the price that we paid for deals. Clearly, in the case of a MAKO, that was a disruptive deal, which is a little bit out of the ordinary. But all the other deals go through very rigorous screening to make sure that we are paying the right price and that will create value. Maybe I will turn to Bill in terms of the parameters that we look at when evaluating our acquisitions.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. And I think one of the questions you asked was neurovascular in general I would say that the bulk of the business is really on the hemorrhagic side as you know. And we have consistently been taking market share over the past 2 years or 3 years with a slew of different product introductions around our target brand, different sizes, different shapes and that product continues to perform extremely well around the world.
Kevin Lobo: Well, as I mentioned before, I am really pleased with our spine business. Certainly, we have a very profitable business. And we have been improving our organic profile. The CoAlign acquisition was a very important one, are providing very innovative products. We have strengthened our management team at spine. And so this first quarter was, I would say a good quarter. I think we are going to start to improve over the course of 2015 and also continue to look at other opportunities to add products, whether it’s through organic or inorganic means over time. But it’s a business that’s going well. The management is in really good shape and I expect this to be a better year than we have seen in the last couple of years.
Kevin Lobo: Well, thanks. First of all, just to clarify, so if the greater than 30% growth was aided by the acquisition of SBI. So, on an organic basis, we grew around 20, still a very, very impressive number, given the multiple quarters of organic growth that had exceeded 30%. But we are really excited about the potential, we are still penetrating and new markets are very exciting because they are hard to predict. You don’t really know and as you are continuing to penetrate the market where more and more implants are being used. Getting a total ankle, it was a huge move for us. In the foot and ankle market, it was a good gap that acquisition is really just starting to gain steam. So we still think we have plenty of growth ahead for our foot and ankle division.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. In the U.S. our hip brands have been growing above market for about 3 years now. So this is a continuation of the strength that we have had over time.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. It’s too early and certainly if there is disruption, we will be well positioned to take advantage of it. But at this point, it’s too early to see anything.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. I would see this as we see with Neurotechnology, Sports Medicine, Trauma and Extremities, these are really growth businesses for Stryker, and they have been for multiple quarters. And I think in the years ahead, we are going to continue to focus on them. If you think about upper extremities, we are still a relatively small player in upper extremities. And for us, that’s an exciting area for the next few years. There are established players. It’s not like foot and ankle, which is a brand new market. But for us, there is plenty of room to grow in the upper extremities space and even with some of the products we acquired through the SBI acquisitions, we think we are well-positioned there. So, for us, it’s definitely has been a great business for the past multiple years and we continue to see that as an exciting growth business in the years ahead.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So, I am not going to get into a lot of details as we haven’t yet launched the product. It will be launched probably in the next 6 to 12 months sometime in that timeframe. But what I can tell you is it’s going to be integrated into the light source that we have and that that will be a huge advantage versus having to purchase additional capital. And if so, we probably feel very good about and it will integrate exactly right into our light source, be very convenient, it will obviously be lower cost than having to purchase extra capital. And it will operate as you would expect, it will light up the common bile ducts that we will see very clearly as you are doing your dissection that you won’t be able to have any kind of injury. So, it’s a safety play. We are very excited about it, but again, we haven’t launched it yet. And more details will become available as we get closer to the launch.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, but I would think about this more like a back order and back orders happen in our industry a lot. So, it’s not like we are off the market, it’s just that we don’t have to be a supply that we normally have people to fully meet our customer orders. So, that’s why when I – in my prepared remarks I talked about this really being a delay. And so back orders, that typically happens as you lose the sales for a period of time, but you don’t lose the sale to another company, the sale just gets delayed. And that’s what we are experiencing in the Instruments area as well as MAKO.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I wouldn’t go beyond this year. We are always going to be watching and watchful, but I’d say for this year at least thus far this year, we haven’t seen any change whatsoever related to either trauma or our reconstructive division and don’t expect to see much or at least over the course of this year. We are always going to keep an eye on it, but thus far, no change whatsoever.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So, we obviously don’t provide all the details by country. What I can tell you is Japan really did turn around in all of our divisions, except for Reconstructive. So, Reconstructive, given the surgeon relationships does take a little longer to sort of gain that business back, but I was very encouraged with Trauma, with Spine as well as our MedSurg businesses. The ERP systems are all resolved. We are regaining share slowly. But I would expect that certainly by the third quarter we should be back to kind of the same level of market share that we had in the past. And so I am really pleased with how the new management has approached the challenge, like I say, in Spine and Trauma, ahead of schedule, recon is going to take a little bit longer.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. To me it seems like a very stable market, our performance is starting to improve. And that’s what I think I spoke just earlier on the call that our management team and some of the products we have launched in the MIS space where historically we had less presence in MIS. It’s starting to help us gain momentum. So it was modestly better in the first quarter and I would expect that trend to continue.
Kevin Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the second quarter 2015 results will be held on July 23. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Thanks Kevin. The focus of my comments today will be on providing an update on MAKO, progress with our Transatlantic Operating Model or TOM as well as some comments on the recent clinical studies regarding acute ischemic stroke. With respect to MAKO, we are pleased with the continued progress we are seeing following the integration of this business during 2014. In the first quarter, we placed nine robots versus two in the year ago quarter, with the placements representing a nice balance between existing Stryker customers and competitive accounts. We did have some challenges with our MAKO knee implants going to a temporary product supply disruption during the quarter, the impact of which will be fully resolved during Q2. Adjusting for this, our U.S. Knee growth would have been modestly higher. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the strength of the pipeline, which reinforces our conviction in the growing interest in robotics. And with sales force integration complete and new robotic indications now cleared, we are well positioned for 2015 and beyond. With respect to the latter, our Stryker Power Hip brand, including Accolade are now compatible with the MAKO hip application. Additionally, our X3 polyethylene bearings have also been cleared for use with the MAKO Uni implants. Our Total Knee 510(k) application was submitted to the FDA late last year and we are continuing the dialogue with the agency. Turning to TOM which went live at the beginning of the year, this initiative will enable us to drive a multi-year improvement in our growth profile in Western Europe. The structure is fully operational, with eight transatlantic division Presidents now having full P&L responsibility for the combined U.S. and Europe businesses. They each have a General Manager, all based at our regional headquarters in Amsterdam with direct responsibility for sales and marketing in Western Europe. The RHQ represents a flagship for our presence in Europe as we bring in HCPs into the site for training and education on our Stryker products. We believe this will be key to strengthening the Stryker brand in Europe and enhancing our relationship with physicians and hospitals. As we discussed approximately half our lower tax savings is being reinvested into our European business in terms of additional sales and marketing headcount and support to help further accelerate growth. Lastly, over the past four months, an impressive amount of strong clinical data had been released supporting the use of device-based treatment of acute ischemic stroke. From the acquisition of Concentric, we have pioneered this space in our unique and differentiated products. Trevo represented the majority of the products used in the pivotal MR CLEAN study, which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine in January. We expect the market will take time to evolve, which will require the automation of EMS transport and inter-hospital transfers, establishment of clinical guidelines, position incentives and investment in new human and physical capital to absorb new patient volume. Clearly as the data comes out, it reinforces our excitement from the ischemic stroke market and its longer term revenue potential. We believe we are well positioned and we will continue to invest in this therapy through further product development, the funding of next generation trials and supporting the full continuum of care for stroke. With that, I will now turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine Owen: Yes. Hi, Rick. It really is the recent deals because – as they pass the 1-year mark, they have become part of organic growth. And nothing that we would call out beyond some of the early normal integration challenges. It’s primarily around the Berchtold acquisition, which we anniversary in the second quarter and within our endoscopy segment. We feel really good about the pipeline and the visibility we have for that revenue to improve as the year unfolds, but it really is just the normal integration, early challenges we have when we bring a new business in.
Katherine Owen: We are certainly pleased with the increase in year-over-year placements going from two to nine and that it was balanced between existing customers, but also competitive accounts. Clearly, there is a seasonality component to this given the significant capital piece of Q4 to Q1. You are always going to see that drop off. But I would say it was essentially in line with what we were targeting, recognizing we did have some supply disruptions on the knee side that the impact from that was relatively modest.
Katherine Owen: Yes. I would – David I would view it as very much consistent with the capital allocation strategy we have tried to articulate. We still view M&A as the primary use with the dedicated BD folks in all of our divisions who are actively looking at targets. We also have with the cash flow, the ability to do buybacks as well as the dividend. And so there is no change. We did increase the authorization. It gives us the flexibility. And we expect to use it over the next 2 to 3 years. I couldn’t predict in any given quarter we will be at these same levels. We usually have an assumption of around $400 million of share repurchases in any given year. This year could be higher than that. It just will depend on how the year plays out, other potential uses of cash and also recognizing the constraints that we along with many others have given where the bulk of our cash is generated being outside the U.S. So, no change whatsoever to the capital allocation strategy. And we are in the – we have the ability to continue to pursue multiple avenues.
Katherine Owen: Yes, no change in the staff in terms of BD being a priority and then folks as I mentioned out there are actively looking at targets. We have upped the authorization, because we feel we have the flexibility if we decide M&A is inherently unpredictable. So, we wanted to have the flexibility to potentially purchase a greater level. $400 million isn’t exact number it’s a rough number walking around. It could be higher than that this year and obviously to use up the entire amount over 2 to 3 years, we have to increase the level. So, if it’s done in 2 years, we have obviously accelerated the share repurchases and some of that will depend on whether or not BD targets make it through to fruition. As you know, the vast majority of names we look at never translate into an actual deal.
Katherine Owen: Yes. Pricing has gotten, well, obviously, negative, modestly better over the last few quarters and that’s nice to see, but it’s still in that approximate range of around 2%. It moved around quarter-to-quarter. So, I wouldn’t view the 1.6 as some – indicative of some big change in the pricing environment. It’s still challenging. We still assume it’s around 2. It will be great if it’s less than 2, but there is no change to our current thinking.
Katherine Owen: So, on MAKO, clearly having the Stryker power brand, particularly Accolade, which has been very successful on the MAKO robot, we think it’s going to help increase the value proposition at particularly given the small clinical data, we still believe total knee is the biggest market opportunity overall, but we do think we can strengthen the interest level and momentum on the hip side as we add our proven clinical hip line to that products. On neuro, it’s going to take time with the market development. We have seen an increase in volumes in some of established stroke centers but the majority still need to work through a lot of the items that we listed off on the call around being able to have physician alignment, inter-hospital transfers and really making sure they are established as a stroke center and that’s going to take time. So it’s really focused on the longer term potential as well as some additional clinical trials that are underway including DAWN and the SITS Open trial, but those are probably not going to be completed in 2016 or even 2017. So we are building the base of data. MR CLEAN is a great study. I think it reinforces our conviction, but it will take time overall. In terms of the market, if you are talking about the ischemic segment, it’s very healthy growth. But remember the base is still very small here for the device-based treatment of that condition. So while it’s double-digit growth, it’s off of a pretty small base.
Katherine Owen: Yes. So what we say is at the start of any year we assume some level of buyback activity. And there is a lot of different things that factor into a range, obviously. So we say $400 million, but that could be plus or minus $100 million. And you have seen some years it’s not that and some years it could be higher than that. I think with the open authorization increase, we clearly have the ability to buyback more stock. We haven’t made any explicit changes that you should be assuming a new level because really it’s going to depend on other priorities and how big year unfolds. And it is again why we have a range of $0.15 range and obviously everything else being equal, which won’t be true but everything else being equal, we buyback more stock. It’s going have a positive impact there. But there is no explicit assumption at this point.
Katherine Owen: Yes. And we think we will use that up over 2 years to 3 years, which, obviously a bit – it’s a bit lower end of that we are going to have a higher level and hopefully that will translate into a better performance within the range. But there is a lot of factors in that range as you know that can offset things pretty quickly.
Katherine Owen: Thanks Glenn. We breakout pricing on a worldwide basis for the three business segments and you can see that in the press release. We don’t break it down further by geography. Clearly, the greatest pricing pressure is within the Ortho segment at that 3% level. No real change from quarter-to-quarter, it’s all the same trends we have seen – we have been seeing. I mean pricing got incrementally better for us, but still negative, but I wouldn’t point to any significant change in any of the business segments that would be worth highlighting as it relates to price.
Katherine Owen: I would say we haven’t seen any real change in volumes in the first quarter beyond the normal seasonality that we see. So nothing that has changed dramatically there. And I think it’s too early given when we got the clearance of the MAKO of the Stryker Power brands on MAKO to point to that. As you have seen we have had really good momentum there for a while and I think it’s just the strength of the overall portfolio.
Katherine Owen: Yes. Nothing that we would point to, although it’s too early with – the deals haven’t closed and you typically see that disruption occur later in the integration process. And whether or not that translates into any shares shifts, we are not assuming that. I think we are really well positioned between our portfolio and the MAKO line and the underlying strength that we are seeing in foot and ankle. But I wouldn’t point to any disruption that we are seeing of any significance at this time.
Katherine Owen: Really the overall value proposition of MAKO hasn’t changed and it’s built on improved patient benefits and clinical outcomes. And we think we are going to be uniquely enabled to be able to show procedural enhancements and improve patient experience and then improve patient satisfaction. We think with this technology the consistency and reproducibility of the surgery is really going to elevate and allow for greater standardization and better overall outcomes. And then longer term, hopefully next generation of implants that regardless of surgeon’s skill is simply not achievable today with traditional planar cuts.
Katherine Owen: No, we haven’t and it’s early, obviously, we don’t have the total knee and that’s going to take time even when it gets approval, it’s going to be a methodical and measured ramp up as we train and educate. Clearly, MAKO is something we are very excited about. The ortho team is very excited about it. But if you really look at the history of Stryker, with all the different businesses and franchises we have, all rolling our products, it’s much more story about singles and doubles and the totality of all those products that drive the organic sales growth. It’s very rarely any one single product that we would point to. And while MAKO has the potential obviously to be a big driver, overall, it’s the totality of that portfolio.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I think again it’s going to be a very measured launch post-approval. And we are still I mean we filed with the FDA stage and then when we get the clearance, we are going to have to be very measured, we are going to have to train and educate to make sure that surgeon experience is appropriate. We don’t want to mess this up. There is going to be upgrades that have to happen from a software standpoint. So, it is something as we have articulated in the past, it’s going to be a number of quarters before we start to really see the trajectory that’s indicative of us taking market share gains. And nothing has changed with that expectation. What we saw in our due diligence is a range of people. There is the early adopter with any new technology. There is those who want to see more of an established clinical brand of implants and that’s what we are doing as we add the hip power brands, for example. And then there is those who want to wait and see more indications. So, I am sure there are surgeons out there who want a total knee before they really are going to be convinced to go the robotic route. And that’s just indicative of the various ways of technology adopters you see both with the robot or any new technology.
Katherine Owen: So, your market estimates on a global basis for Trauma and Extremities are ballpark. And we are really pleased with the performance we are doing there. I don’t think we want to get into that type of multiyear projections in terms of the revenue potential. But clearly, we are very pleased with the momentum we are seeing, the ability to consistently take market share. And we think that’s going to remain the case going forward.
Katherine Owen: So, it was clearly a big part of our booth presence and the focus and the excitement that we saw at AOS was around MAKO, which is great to see, because it obviously reinforces our long-term conviction. We have been in the capital business for a long time with our MedSurg businesses and see a very similar pattern, where you have strong year end capital sales as hospitals are looking to use up budgets and then the appropriate drop off in the first quarter, so nothing about that sequential decline surprised us. And I think it should really be reflected in expectations going forward. Now, it’s not always going to be perfectly aligned with what we saw this year, but it’s pretty indicative of the pattern of capital sales.
Katherine Owen: Normal supply issues, there is nothing significant that we would call out that was of major concern, which is while we have visibility in terms of the supply returning around that related to our power tools, we should have that resolved to allow for a much stronger performance with respect to Instruments in the second half of the year. With MAKO, it will be largely resolved or will be resolved during the second quarter.
Katherine Owen: And I think it’s very reflective of just the strength that we are seeing in the capital markets right now. We feel good about this because it’s been several quarters of them really outperforming how much of that is a shift of dollars out of IT priorities, it’s very difficult to get that level of granularity. What we would say is we do feel good about the momentum that we are seeing in capital across the board. The supply issue is notwithstanding because clearly we were seeing the demand there.
Katherine Owen: I wouldn’t point to anything specific that we are seeing in that business that was clipped modestly as we mentioned by the MAKO supply issues. But there is nothing major that we are seeing in the market are different on the competitive front. Obviously, you haven’t seen everybody report so far, but nothing that we would call out.
Bill Jellison: Yes. So, both of those questions, on the tax side of the equation, yes we do expect the rate to be lower than the 20% that we talked about. So at least, two if not obviously closer to three which is more in line with kind of where that first quarter is and especially if you add extenders in there, we should absolutely be able to deliver on that – on the tax aspect piece for the entire year. As far as FX is concerned, you are absolutely right. FX rate definitely weakened further against the U.S. dollar for most currencies. And fortunately, the Swiss also weakened along with it. And if you recall, the Swiss franc actually strengthened when it decoupled away from the euro at the beginning of this year, which actually caused our FX exposure to increase just prior to our guidance for the – at the beginning of the year. So based on that weakening of the Swiss along with the euro and the hedges that we currently have in place, we believe that we are fully offsetting at least the additional impact of the translational side that’s occurred since our original guidance.
Bill Jellison: No, I think that, that’s at least a fair comment. I think as we – as you look toward kind of the back end of this year, the remaining part of the year, I think you should expect that our gross margin rate differences on a year-over-year basis should be much narrower than what you have seen over the last year.
Bill Jellison: Sure. So, I would say that we are all very aware of also the need for accretion in the earnings as we do acquisitions. But as we have talked about before, whether we have done maybe some non-accretive deals in the past or not, I think each deal that we look at is really looked at from the standpoint that we think that it ultimately creates value for the company over the mid and long-term as well. And would we be looking or would be willing to still look at an acquisition that necessarily doesn’t or that doesn’t necessarily have accretion in the first year or so? We would. It’s all about whether it ultimately adds value on the back end in an earlier stage business, which we think has much higher growth for the organization than even our base level, we would absolutely make that investment – another investment like that today. But all of our acquisitions are based on the value that we think we can ultimately create for the shareholders, but we aren’t restricted on just accretion as one aspect of it.
