Stephen MacMillan: Thank you, Saily. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Stryker’s first quarter 2010 earnings report. With me today are Curt Hartman, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. With the first quarter of 2010 now complete, there’s a lot we feel good about it. Including the acceleration in our sales and income growth, the resolution of the Mahwah warning letter and the number of new product launches, yet there’s clearly still work to do as our instruments, spine and some of our international businesses are not performing were we like to see them. At the time of our last conference call in late January, we had just completed one of the difficult years in navigating through a series of major challenges in 2009. The year presented us with significant uncertainties that tested organization, but also serve to galvanize our company around a clear goal of the emerging from this period a stronger competitor. In the year, where we have to play a lot of defense, we kept playing offense as well. We believe our results demonstrate the merits of the investments and actions we have taken in recent years, in compliance, in innovation, and in acquisitions. With the resolution in Q1 of the Mahwah, New Jersey warning letter, we have tangible evidence that the considerable investments we have made and will continue to make in our compliance program are on the right path. Our journey is not complete and we remain committed to the $200 million three year initial program we outlined to FDA as we continue to raise the compliance bar throughout our organization. The recent positive news in FDA as strengthened our result that the cultural transformation well under way throughout the company is taking hold. Yet we are also pleased that during this period of meaningful investments, we have been able to successfully execute on key R&D programs that have resulted in important new product launches for our Orthopaedics and MedSurg divisions. Some of which we highlighted at the recent American academy of Orthopedic Surgeons meeting held last month. There will be of redirected R&D resources to remediation efforts over the past couple of years. We have also worked hard to deliver key new product launches and continue our commitment to innovation. On the M&A front, we are pleased with the progress to-date of our late 2009 acquisition of Ascent, which as the market leader in the reprocessing of single use medical devices allows us to partner with our hospital customers in order to deliver tangible cost saving and enhanced environmental sustainability without sacrificing quality or innovation. At the end of Q1, we also closed on our previously announced acquisition of Sonopet, which augments our instruments product offering within ultrasonic aspirator, and thesis, and accessories used in neurosurgery. Against to this backdrop, we are pleased that we delivered on our commitments in the quarter with total sales increasing 12%, on a reported basis and up 9%, in constant currency. Excluding the impact in the year end 2009 acquisition of Ascent, sales were up 6% to 7% on a constant currency basis. Encouragingly, on a global basis with the exception of instruments every key franchise posted revenue gains in the quarter with particularly robust performances from our knees, pharma and medical franchises. With the improving top line and our on going focus on operation efficiencies, we achieved diluted EPS growth of 13% in the quarter to $0.80. We are pleased with the improving profitability profile, which reflects the impact of numerous initiatives put in place over the past couple of years, coupled with our gradually reaccelerating top line, although one quarter clearly does not make a year our Q1 result reinforce our conviction in our ability to realize our 2010 commitments, while continuing to make the on going investments in our complaints initiatives. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks, Curt. Before we open up the call to Q-and-A I would like to offer some closing comments. Although the recent economic upheaval combined with our own compliance issues may have given the appearance to some of you that we were a company in triage. We actual kept our heads above water remain focused and throughout this period continued to make a number of important investments in our organization that are beginning to yield tangible results. Some of that was apparent at the recent AAOS meeting where we highlighted a number of important new product launches. Although our business remains one largely defined by the proverbial singles and doubles as it relates to new products taken in their entirety these new product introductions underscore that innovation still matters and is a key component of our strategy to deliver accelerating top line growth going forward. With our considerable balance sheet and access to liquidity, we are also well positioned to continue to deploy cash on the acquisition front if the appropriate strategic opportunity presents it self. Finally, in start to contrast where we were a year ago, we feel very good about our ability to deliver on the financial targets that we presented to you back in January. With that we’ll now open it up for questions-and-answers. So, we back to you.
Stephen MacMillan: There is certainly some growing evidence of pricing pressure they’ve don’t get as wrong, having said that is we never going to blame things like that on our performance we still see significant opportunities to grow our spine business and do a back to innovation and execution and feel like we are just there is a couple of quarters here were we were slow on cervical plates, they are coming out and I think we continue to be bullish on the spine market, but certainly more pricing pressured going forward and say just in ’06 ’07 or ’08 timeframe.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure I probably give you a couple of one big I answered more specifically, I think were we really get about things right now is each of our businesses that are soft we know exactly what was going on and have a very clear plan to see when accelerating. The European piece really is focused primarily on our recon business and that is where as part of our whole remediation efforts and our quality undertaking just we mentioned in the third quarter last year we took some charge we discontinued a number of say for example single market products in Europe and also change some distributors that’s going robust really though the next few quarters as we flush through that. but we think frankly from just a profitability and ability to service things going forward will be much better, but there is always a couple of quarters of pain as you discontinue long standing product that we had in those markets for 20 plus years in some cases, but frankly long term you think about inventory management working capital everything else just didn’t make us much sense for us. So I think we could see at very clear to restrengthening there.
Stephen MacMillan: We are continued to evaluate that and we will report at the analyst meeting next month as to kind of where we are on that.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure again as always we are always going to be more self critical I think those of you who have gotten to know as over the years now it will be a little more self critical. There’s been a number of times, I think we’ve reported some weaker results and then said it to ourselves and then it turns it out to be the market. I do think the broader European market is pretty soft right now, and net of companies that might be making an acquisition might make growth look a little bit better in those numbers. I think the core markets are a little softer right now, having said that again, we’re in the period of really probably four quarters as we anniversary through the products we discontinued in other things like that, but we’ll look a little bit worse, but ultimately we know we’re making a stronger for the future.
Stephen MacMillan: Back on the medical piece, I think we certainly are hoping for double digit growth I think it probably be call at wide around low double digit would be I think the minimum what we build consider success. So hopefully we will be in that range and then on the trauma business, I would say I think the trauma market was probably fairly robust in the quarter, if you think about it, maybe east cost of the United States had quite a winter even I think even Dallas had a couple of big storms of by recall and certainly throughout Europe I think it was also an unusual winter, if you say also an unusual winter you look at places like the U.K. when London gets a bit of snow we certainly benefited from that. :
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Bob the one part that be careful with this you relate to Europe is how much is the big five versus how much for other markets and I will tell you we probably been a little more conservative in some of the other markets and I call at reason and things like that. So within the big markets we’re seeing a little bit of a turn and certainly the U.K is suggesting that, I think both the conservative and labor or saying there going to be you know committed to a positive NHS and not cutting back on so we think the business will be there but we have seen you now a growth in waiting list and we haven’t seen anything, I think yet for our business it says it turning significantly that on left here something else to add there.
Stephen MacMillan: Completely consistent with how we have been showing about it and I think that anything were little more encouraged by hip business might go given recent launches, we’re frankly still incredibly pleased with how well U.S Knee business continues to thrive with trap one, you know just we still post in double digit growth in the U.S just dealing great about that again you know that the Europe softness we know what’s behind it. 
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, you know I think there both what we call in early roll out note, it just been presented to the sales force is I said ADM is probably amounted to ahead as you know, typically with the recon launch it takes the better part of the year before you really have widely in terms having all the sets being able to going and get gage strive with that option and couple of follow ups and on the IVAS product that is really just in the very early stages only on the hands of the few reps at this point and health included got the 5, 10-K clearance, which we have not quite at the economy that has just covenant in the early hands in rolling out. So, these are think that we see just kind a building through the year and probably want full strive frankly in 2011.
Stephen MacMillan: At this point no, but we would continue over few more weeks that probably some little interception to but it’s actually wide would conscious we had our European recon business being over soft right now. So, we can get through the volcano period and I am lacking that. So, but I think we are okay for little while.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure I pick that, the very first part is we got to heck of a team and a great business in Ascent and they are executing beautifully and I think we trying to stay the heck out of their way they know what they are doing have a great value proposition frankly royalty about the pricing pressures that hospitals are under so I think that’s great we’re accessing the international opportunities we tell you this is the area where the regulations vary hugely country-to-country. So they are probably there’s a lot of news to be done in terms of penetrating the international whether we certainly see that in to longer term growth opportunities.
Stephen MacMillan: Hard to say we picked anything up we do feel great about the timing of the ADM launch and think that is coming right at the right time, but again back to just recumbent, it takes a little while to that business to flip but we really like the decision were in given the market dynamics and as you know we’ve kind of taken some launch and set out of the large scale gaming so we found an offering that thought would really bring an improved safety profile and meaningful point of difference to the market and we’re just going to process of rolling that and feel good about the chances, but again its not even going to be a big spike in the second quarter even that’s going to be a very steady build initial read certainly what we hear about to feel this very positive. 
Stephen MacMillan: We’re not breaking that out Steve, but obviously there was a onetime order and just that was important to call it out, so that people don’t get overly excited about the growth rates from a onetime events.
Stephen MacMillan: I think you need to go back to the comment we made was total company that hip in the total company price was minus one. Volume contributing 8% for total company, those comments were now specific to hip and knee results in the quarter.
Stephen MacMillan: I think the answer is the consumable portion of the business tends to track with procedure volumes and as procedure volumes incrementally move forward from perhaps really one year ago we’re definitely able to key track there the capital is obviously type of the CapEx budgets of the various hospital customers or group purchasing or initiation that may influence those capital spends. Clearly, that is not a study state in any sense of the word yet fundamentally over the last three quarters we have seen gradual improvement in that component of the business, which I think is evident by the broader trans in the business is that have capital components medical and instruments.
Stephen MacMillan: Thank you all very much for sitting with us and again we feel pretty good about the start to the year and will be back with our analyst meeting in May and then conference call for our second quarter operating results will be held on July 20. So, hopefully we will see a lot of view in May. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Steve. On today’s call, I will provide some additional commentary as it relate to recently product launches, pricing and hospital capital spending. On the new products front, we were pleased, we have the opportunity to highlight several of our recent introduction at last month’s AAOS meeting. This included the on going launch of two new hip systems including the first Mobile Bearing Hip System available in the U.S. Our ADM with X3 advance bearing technology. This innovative design allows us to offer the benefits of a larger head bearing system without the need for metal-on-metal articulation. We believe this offering will overtime allow us to carve out a segment of the larger head hip market, a category where we have opted to remain on the side line as we have valuated and developed an offering that may provide an improved safety profile. We’re also rolling out our restoration modular system, which allows a great inter operative flexibility to help achieve optimal certain performance. Combined these products should help to drive continued gradual improvement in our hip franchise over the coming quarters. In Spine, we still have been important gap in our product portfolio with the launch of two Cervical Plating System and although the full impact from these launches won’t be realized into the second half of 2010, the ability for the spine organization to further round out it’s bag is an important component of the expected improvement in our spine sales at 2010. Looking at pricing, for the total company pricing was down roughly 1% in the quarter largely remain with the prior quarter, and its worth noting that over the roughly past five years, the total price impact for striker have been essentially flat, which we believe underscores the benefit and stability provided by our diversified sales footprint. We’d also know that the relatively neutral impact from pricing over this period occurred despite the fact that certain franchisers and geographies were individually experiencing a much stronger and in some cases the much more severe impact from price. Reconstructive implant continues to experience pricing pressure as excepted although our ability to realize positive mix filled by the launch of innovative products, health mitigates a meaningful potion of the pricing pressure. Lastly with respect to hospital capital budget, we continue to project the gradual recovery of the economic environment slowly improve. Given our mix of businesses, the considerable year-over-year variability and comparisons as well as the individual challenges and opportunities that exists within any of the MedSurg divisions, the slow recovery is unlikely to be linier, but over a multi quarter period we expect our MedSurg franchisers to grow slowly improving top line growth consistent with the goals we set out for the businesses a beginning of the year. Curt will provide some additional commentary as it relates to the expected quarterly progression of our MedSurg businesses later in a call. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Curt.
Katherine Owen: One question, the one comment I would add to it is given number one of the first companies to report its always a little hard to gage the market and then you combine that with what we do know very definitively which is were absolutely seeing the impact from some proactive decisions that we made in late last year, so its always hard to start out how much of that is market versus how much of that is our own decisions to make as more efficient, so we’re probably little more in client to attribute the weakness in our business to the stuff we know, which is the actions we took and a little hesitant to say too much about the market other than to say clearly not back to business is normal in Europe, but until everybody reports it’s a little tough to know because a few points can ever meaningful impact on but the overall feel over on market looks like stealing.
Katherine Owen: I guess the couple of thoughts if you look back to ’09 I think a lot of the concerns adding into the year was that the economic note down was going to result in a big drop of in elective procedures but you look at what actually they took place over the course of ’09 the market slowed really marginally sells. At the same taken as you look to 2010 we’re not anticipating some big rebound which is always talked about that kind of mid single digit recon growth recognizing its not go to be linear it may bounce around the point or two in either direction in any given quarter, but I think we would be saving a level of accuracy that we just don’t have because it reflects the marginal drop of to say that we’re some percentage point in the recovery I think maybe there’s some pent up to demand but again its probably just on the margin just as last year any negative impact was relatively modest against the overall market growth.
Katherine Owen: I would just remind you a couple of things that we brought up before. We did have some key gaps in our spine product portfolio and if you asked anybody in our spine team, they would point that being the number one headwind for us, but it also does create periods of time where you’re going to see greater pricing pressure as we talked about on the last quarter. Both of those businesses being recon and spine are seeing price pressure as we talked about and trend some more to recent quarters, but I would just remind you, if you look at the total company, pricing is down 1% and has been in that relatively flat, which we call up one or down one, the affinity for a number of years now. So I wouldn’t read a whole lot into any modest differences that maybe taken place between one franchise as the other, those are two businesses that are seeing pricing pressure right now as expected and it’s a trend that we think we’ll probably continue at least in the near term.
Katherine Owen: Going into the metal-on-metal markets, probably we’re going into the larger head segment where we’re going in with non-metal-on-metal offering. So the ADM is the not a metal-on-metal product, but it does go into the larger head space, it’s more just of a clarification that we just going to have to wait and see how things play out was noise at this recent academy meeting round metal-on-metal, but quite honestly if you go back to the ALS last year, year before, year before there’s noise around metal-on-metal for a number of years and whether or not that has a discernable impact on metal-on-metal trend. I think we just can have to wait and see how that place out in coming quarters. I think we’re more excited about the fact that we have a product offering and get us into the roughly started the market, where we haven’t had a presence and we think we’ve got a pretty very good competitive offering there.
Katherine Owen: I think as we have articulated previously our preferred use of cashes first in form of M&A that make solid strategic sense and that’s going to follow one and two paths are potentially a combination of both and we have got a very diverse sales footprint and a lot of sales people out there where we can leverage that by adding products that further round out the bag and that will be one avenue we’ll look to for M&A and we are also going to look for growth platform that we think make solid strategic sense and I would point to the sense that it doesn’t have fairly sit into any one divisions but we think is something that make solid strategic sense from a top line perspective and from an ability to drive long term growth, and that’s going to continue to be the key guiding principles around the M&A. 
Curt Hartman: I think the execution here is if I bull it down real simply, it’s getting product out the door doing into the matter that coincides with all the upper we put in on the remediation front and riding our way through those processes to satisfy our constitutes.
Curt Hartman: You know what I tell you, it’s very similar to what we went through in orthopedics division as we’ve cascaded our quality and compliance effort throughout the corporation and by the way for those who you may recall, we had fairly tough inspection early last year at the instruments division. We’re doing it additional remediation work there, and putting into effectively our new corporate compliance systems. It does means in prior to getting put on chip holds and things like that and that ultimately takes as a little wide in work through. So I didn’t see steady progress here through the year on instruments and probably the worst as behind us.
Curt Hartman: Yes, there’s still pretty low Mike, and I think we’re cautious optimistic that our medical business is coming back. Having said, when we’re down, really the first three quarters of the year were pretty ugly, so even coming back with reasonable growth right now, we’re still back below 2008 levels, I think ultimately we’ll start feeling really good at once we’ll back above 2008 levels and that’s probably not quite yet in the plan from medical this year, but I think we are seeing a nice healthy rebound.
Curt Hartman: The ADM has been in Europe actually quite a while, a new US launch, IVAS I am not, I don’t think we’ve got in Europe yet.
Curt Hartman: Mike, this is Curt the answer is no, we absolutely expected to go up and I think out January call we comment that the outlook for this year was to be moving that number more to the traditional mid point of our 5% to 6% range and I remain committed and convince that we will get there this year as we look at our quarterly projections in the future periods here, the first quarter was a 12% increase you want know that R&D projects take a little bit of time to ramp up once you give them the go ahead signal and we remain very committed to increasing our investments in R&D, for the right projects. So I do think by the end of the year we’ll be in that mid point of 5% to 6% then as the FDA story somewhat unfolds we’ll figure out what adjustments we need to make if any as a remainder we do have a lot products that are in the market today under what I would call very heavy 5, 10K where there has been a lot of clinical information submitted to support those things like surgical navigation systems et cetera, so we do have some experience with what I would call the deeper requirements but obviously we don’t know the full extent of the change, but we’re ready to make those investments to keep the innovation side of the business moving a right along. 
Curt Hartman: I think the comment we made was hospital CapEx in the US probably low-to-mid single digits didn’t make any comments relative to the OUS because it is a little bit harder to predict given the single payer systems and how they are allocating their financial priorities going into weight list reduction whether it is a kind of a consumables or whether its capital enhancements I think its probably a little in appropriate right now for us to make the call on what the OUS numbers look like outside what were seen in our own business.
Curt Hartman: I would now direct correlation of the removable warning letters with improvements at gross margin, certainly the spending record remediation has largest impact on gross margins. Some of that spending would be to the new base, some of the spending in the early answer as we go facility by facility as one-time, but the longer term impact of that quality remediation will be felt in the gross margins, but it’s not an immediate light switch event and right now we’re not commenting on gross margin improvement, because our sole focused right now is getting through all of the remediation issues that we’ve communicated to the FDA and we’re still calling for that to be sometime end of 2011. As we look at the three year window that we initially rolled out. So right now no comments on gross margin favorable improvement as it relate to quarter remediation decreases.
Curt Hartman: Jeff, I just did clarify that comment a little bit, I think I said we liked the trend over the last three quarters. So if you go back to what we would define somewhat as our low point of ’09 kind of that in between second and third quarter. We felt that third quarter was stepped in the right direction, the fourth quarter built upon that and we think the first quarter continues to build upon that and frankly by to the averages of the numbers don’t lie the quarter was a pretty good quarter as reported. So we’re encouraged by the results building on the three quarter trends here and I think I have to go back to the third quarter of ’08 to see numbers in this range. So yes, we feel better where we are today and we would hope to continue that performance as we go forward in 2010.
Curt Hartman: No, there is not inventory returns related to the distributor transitions that we’ve made in some of the key European markets, and this is more about a transition as a way we approach the commercial market. As Steve alluded to in his comments those transitions take time at customer level and then you layer on top of that some of the product obsceneness we did both the new orthopedic plan and MedSurg categories and how they influence our international results. Those are the factors that I would point to here and nothing that you’re going to see materially one quarter over the next, because of these individual events.
Curt Hartman: The 750 million share repurchase authorization is in open authorization that we put in place and its really to be the deployed with the far support management discussion perhaps offset dilution associated with the employee compensation programs, employees stock purchase plans things of that nature perhaps the opportunistic in the market if something would have adversely impact the stock price as relates to broader economic events, but there is now set calendar and raping that up.
