Stephen MacMillan: Thank you, Jeremy. Good afternoon to everyone and welcome to Stryker’s third quarter 2010 earnings report. With me today are Curt Hartman, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. With three quarters of the year now complete, we once again recognized the benefits and strengths of our diversified revenue model. Following the late 2009 acquisition of Ascent, we now have nine key franchises that span a broad spectrum of the medical technology market. And although at any given point, these businesses are facing different challenges and opportunities. In totality, our unique footprint has a strong history of affording us with tremendous consistency in our financial results. And with the recent acquisition of Gaymar Industries, our medical division has further expanded its product offering and have strengthened its relevance to customers in the patient handling market. When we look back to the start of the year, we presented investors with our sales and earnings targets recognizing that some markets would likely outperform our expectations while others would inevitably fall short. Getting here today, our MedSurg franchises continue to post results that are better than we anticipated while recon market growth in the low single digits is at the lower end of anticipated ranges. It is no secret that the reconstructive implant market is seeing softer procedure growth in continued pricing pressure. Trends that were evident in Q2’s results for the industry and were expected to continue into the third quarter. Although we are pleased that recon unit and price trends did not materially worsen in Q3. We hope and expect that the combination of our new hip products and the gradual recovery involvements will contribute to an improving market backdrop in the coming quarters. We are also encouraged that certain regions and divisions that have been underperforming including Europe and spine. Reversed course in Q3 had posted a sequential albeit modest acceleration in sales growth. All told, even in a period of challenged reconstructive growth, we are still delivering on our financial targets. In totality, our Q3 sales of modestly outperformed our forecasts and combined with continued margin improvement throughout our income statement that generated accelerated earnings growth. Importantly, as we remain committed to delivering top tier sales growth through innovation, it’s paramount that we make the necessary investments in R&D which increased 18% year-over-year in the quarter on top of a 14% increase in the prior quarter. Year-to-date R&D spending is up to very strong 15%. This pace of reinvestment is a strong indication of our belief that many opportunities exist across our diverse set of businesses. We also remained steadfast in our focus on enhancing our quality and compliance systems as we embark on year three of the initial three year $200 million investment. The benefits of these investments are increasingly evident both internally and externally but much work remains to be done. The cultural change that’s taken place at our company around quality and compliance can’t be measured by the resolution of warning letters or the magnitude of dollars invested. Rather those are data points that validate our efforts and reinforce to all our 19,000 employees around the world that we are and will remain a fundamentally different company in how we think about quality and compliance and what it means to all our customers. Against this backdrop, we are enormously proud of the fact that we haven’t wavered from the targets we offered in January despite continued economic uncertainty that has contributed the pockets of market weakness. We now look for full year sales in earnings to be towards the high-end of our targeted range, reinforcing the collective strength of our diverse franchises and underscoring the benefits of being a broad based player in the medical technology market. With that I’ll turn the call directly over to Curt.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks Curt. In summary, we feel really good that despite less favorable market dynamics in some of our markets, we are again delivering at or near the top end of our commitments. The last few quarters underscore this strength provided by the breadth of our unique sales footprint. Additionally, we will continue to look for opportunities to leverage our balance sheet in order to strengthen our core as well as broaden our presence in adjacent markets. And our accelerated pace and investment in R&D will also drive internal innovation and help further broaden our portfolio of value-added products and services. In short, we like where we’re headed. With that, we’ll now open it up for Q&A. Jeremy, back to you.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes Bob, we can.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Okay, great. So just two questions, one, Steve for you on pricing and then one follow-up as far as a broader question goes. First, on pricing we’ve now seen results from you guys and BioMed and J&J and J&J talked about no real changing in pricing for hips and knees, BioMed said it got a lot worse in OUS but the same in the US. And now you guys are saying for hips and knees it’s much the – pretty much the same that has been in the last couple of quarters. With that in mind and given what’s going on around us in terms of the all the anecdotal evidence out there about the pressures on hospitals and the like. I was wondering Steve, if you could comment on your outlook for pricing for hips and knees for the market as we look forward into 2011. How confident are you that you think things can kind of stay in the same range versus perhaps get worse? Just would love your thoughts on the hip, knee pricing outlook for the market.
Stephen MacMillan: No comments.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Okay. And then the second question I just wanted to ask, there were some speculation inter quarter about certain asset that you guys might be considering buying and I don’t expect you to comment on that but I was wondering if you would just take this opportunity to kind of refresh us on little bit more detail around your philosophy around the kinds of things that you may be interested, your philosophy around M&A and dilution and just kind of an update on that front, if you would especially in light of the cash that continues to build. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: And I’ll jump, Jeremy I’ll just jump in with an addition point here Matt. The back on the projects, I’d give an example, just the constant evolutionary changes we make. Recall, last year we discontinued a series or products in our knee franchise for Europe. We’ve been paying the price on the top line growth rate for this year. But from a bottom line profitability, we had always decided that was going to make us stronger for the company. We’re constantly doing a lot of things like that that aren’t obviously but that we do sometimes pay a price for in terms of reported sales growth and not just going for a sales growth at all costs as we get smarter. And frankly the whole quality initiative that we’ve been through has helped China much brighter light for us on some of those opportunities and has resulted in some of those actions. That did frankly were depressing pieces of our growth rates for periods of times when we went through this but we really do think are making us fundamentally stronger as a company. So hopefully Matt that gives a little more context to you. All right, go ahead Jeremy, next question.
Stephen MacMillan: And Adam I’ll take the rest of those the question. I think we look at it on a couple of different fronts. If this is a cyclical downturn in the orthopedic implant marketplace, I think you want to really good about our position as a company that we can deliver these kind of results with two straight quarters of 1% orthopedic implant growth as those markets come back, you got to feel really good about what we can do. And if it’s a more secular downturn, I can also tell you we’ve got plans in place for that that we think will benefit the larger players and frankly some of the players who transcend a number of segments in orthopedics. And we have different plans and different approaches for that way. So I think we actually don’t – I mean none of us love a market downturn, but to some degree it may allow us to differentiate. We think we may differentiate ourselves more through this period than just a rising tide on everything.
Stephen MacMillan: Okay, Derrick just to reinforce that point, after the second quarter there were a lot of people wondering, okay, great you got a one quarter pop or two quarter pop in MedSurg. To remind you that we’ve had years and years of strong performance in MedSurg and 2009 happened to be outlier, to reiterate Curt’s point, I think (inaudible).
Stephen MacMillan: Sure Raj, its – we really took the charge at the end of the third quarter last year, so started the downturn in the fourth. And we’re close to the end of some of that full anniversary period. Some of that will trickle into the fourth quarter. So I think by the end of this year certainly those distributor changes in product pieces should be behind us. I think what we’re pleased with is, there was a clear albeit modest improvement in our European business that went from negative in the second quarter. We think we bottomed out in the second quarter. We had modest growth in the third quarter here in Europe. So we’re not declaring victory by any stretch but we think we have bottomed out.
Stephen MacMillan: It’s painful as it was to get four warning letters and go through what we went through over the last few years. We really do believe it’s making us a better company. Look, we still got a lot of investment to make. I think we see those opportunities paying off down the road.
Stephen MacMillan: From a planning standpoint, we’re going to assume pricing pressure is a more secular event and that we can manage through that and volumes I think we think are probably a little more cyclical. Things like the unemployment rates being high, COBRA benefits going away all of that. At the end of the day, joint replacement surgery is deferrable to a point. But I don’t think we see it just completely going down and people starting to live life on nonsteroidals and high (organic) acid. There is only so long you can defer it. So I think that’s probably a little more cyclical.
Stephen MacMillan: Vivian it’s just hard to quantify at this point, I think we’d be hitting ourselves we said we anticipated the complete slowdown that we’ve experienced in the last two quarters. And so whether it continues for another couple of quarters or another year who knows what in terms of how long people can put it off, I mean ultimately we’d probably think its quarters, years, year-ish but people are unemployed for a while. They’re concerned about going in or don’t have the benefits that we really have to see. I think I’d just come back to the fact that we are more than a hip and knee company. We love those businesses, but this quarter again as last quarter and as years of performance should show, we are not beholden to the growth rates (inaudible).
Stephen MacMillan: Well the first one was I think we – it clearly varies a lot by hospital so it’s hard to give a blanket answer. I think there are number of larger institutions that really do grasp the total joint replacement surgery is actually a very good profit center for them. And I think what you had certainly in the advent of passage of the Healthcare Bill this year, I think everybody coming running for the corners trying to get every cost that they could and then you have people starting to wake up and say wait a minute, there are pieces of the business that we make a lot of money in. And I always joke, if you can’t drive across the State of Michigan without seeing at least 10 billboards for hospitals advertising somehow the total joints done at their centers. Last I checked I don’t think they’re advertising those if they’re losing money much on those. So I think there is still little more profitability that will shake out and particularly among the larger institutions. Some of the smaller community hospitals are still certainly pressured to that end. To your second point, I think we still ultimately believe that mix will be able to more than offset pricing degradation and we’ll see some certainly volume growth in the sector.
Stephen MacMillan: Doug to build on that for all the pricing pressure we may feel here in now, I think the one thing we would absolutely bet on is there is going to be more money spent on healthcare going forward both in the United States and around the world.
Stephen MacMillan: We’re not getting into longer term guidance at this point Jeff, we’ll give just 2011 guidance in January but I just pointed out, we’ve got a long, long history of building very good MedSurg businesses and we continue to believe in those businesses.
Stephen MacMillan: Bill the first part of the question really distributor and product obsolescence that does specifically relate to Europe and we are sun setting those events and really would not expect to see any of that on an adverse side as we head into 2011. That said as I mentioned earlier, we continue to evaluate our business and will take opportunities to make adjustments where appropriate but we have with this quarter now sunsetted the changes in Europe.
Stephen MacMillan: Look at this way, we went from a positive several percent a couple of years ago, down to zero to minus 2% and we’ve continued to grow pretty healthy through that. We continue to look both at the gross margin line, in terms of the cost of goods side as well as frankly at the middle of the P&L. And I think we continue to feel that we can deliver in whatever environment is coming at us.
Stephen MacMillan: Great. I think that probably wraps it up reasonably well. And again I think we continue to deliver. And we will be back with you to report our fourth quarter with mostly our full year operating results on January 25th of 2011. Thank you everyone.
Curt Hartman: Your assessment was correct. We said it was down 1.8%, 30 basis points down from what we reported in the second quarter and that’s total company pricing independent of any specific segment call out.
Curt Hartman: David, it’s a great question and I think it gets into where the gross margins are for those products that you’re referencing and the stability. Stability is different than growth and obviously the more volume we put through on those, the better the gross margins are going to be. So I think it’s a little bit early to call those returning and being contributing factors at this point in time, because we would like to see more growth out of them before we’d comment on additional influence to gross margin.
Curt Hartman: Matt, this is Curt. On the, I think to use your word you said the projects, we’re probably not going to get into any specifics. I think the message we want out is that as demonstrated over the past year, as a normal part of our business routine, we’re constantly evaluating our operating models and making adjustments were appropriate. And we’re not going to pin a number out there and drive our business to that number rather we’re going to continue to evaluate the operating model and make the adjustments as necessary. On the trauma in the OUS component or the slower growth OUS, I don’t think there is one thing we would point to here. It’s certainly not, I wouldn’t be pointing to Japan price cuts those had far less impact on trauma this year than they did in the other segments of the business. So I don’t think we’d point to Japan as a key driver there. There is a little bit all over the board. Just I think generally what we would say is third quarter was a little bit slower trauma season if you will.
Curt Hartman: Steve, this is Curt. I’ll take a quick stab at this and Steve or Katherine may also contribute here, but I think fundamentally every one of our operating businesses is looking at both incremental innovation because the market still drives for incremental innovation product enhancements, additional features and benefits but I also think that there is probably game changing innovation that’s going on as well. So I wouldn’t slice our R&D investment into one specific aspect of innovation. I’d say rather each of our operating businesses have unique features and benefits that are driving in a given product line but I think they’re also looking for more what we would call true innovation. Some of the stuff that maybe qualified as perhaps a little bit further out than what the normal business is operated on but still things that we feel add value over the long-term.
Curt Hartman: Derrick, I think our comments on MedSurg, we overall feel good about the core MedSurg franchises, endoscopy instruments and medical. And I think if you think about endo and instruments, it shows capital sales that had evaporated in 2009 that have started to return and I referenced back to a comment that Steve has made about the shape of that curve and what it’s looking like. And I think we’re seeing those businesses move exactly on that curve. And on the medical side it is a little bit more difficult to predict and I think our comments on medical were that while the shipment growth rate was a little bit lower, we feel pretty good about the incoming orders volume as well as the additive impact that the Gaymar Industry acquisition will have on that business. So I think the overall high level tone on MedSurg is we feel good about the trends, feel good about the outlook here and really like these businesses when they’re operating at that 10% growth level. And don’t see anything right now that’s going to change that.
Curt Hartman: Steve I think you hit the nail right on the head. I would not read into any gross margin improvements that dial back on the quality investment. I think Steve tried to make that really clear in his opening comments that we remain very committed here. We’re just entering the year three of the program we laid out and we’re very committed to that and the gains that we may be seeing as they related to quality are probably some of the efficiencies that enhance quality processes are enabling our manufacturing plans to be more efficient to have reductions in scrap and things of that nature that come through the broad implementation of those programs.
Curt Hartman: And I think Joanne to your first question relative to MedSurg in where we are in that swoosh, if you will. I think we continue to trend, I think there are still segments. I’ll use our endoscopy business as a great example. We feel very good about the capital sales results that are starting to materialize there. With that said we’ve also said in prior quarters that the communications business which is an element of the endoscopy business still has a little bit more pressure on it because the capital ticket item there is much larger. So there are still elements of our capital franchises that are little slower but overtime we think they’ll recover as well.
Curt Hartman: Doug, I think it’s certainly potential and have we thought of it. Yes, we’ve had lots of discussions about the Healthcare Reform Act and how it will either positively or negatively impact our business. Again I think on one sense that and you can put whatever number you want to, it’s the $30 million additional insured lives, I think our opinion would be a lot of those are already getting healthcare. They are just getting it under a different form than the insurance proposal that’s out there and on the other hand if there is a better way that requires additional equipment, we’re certainly there and ready to support that expansion on the market. I don’t think at this point in time we’re banking on anything one way or the other perhaps except the excise tax that we know very clearly is going to be an adverse event for companies in the med tech space.
Curt Hartman: So Mike on the first question, I’m not sure if I would say that ‘09 was an inventory drawdown, I’ll kind of start my questions or my answer with on medical it was a flat out, we’re not buying right now. And that’s on capital equipment purchase. On endoscopy and instruments, as you’re aware they both have disposable components of the business that component of the business is what I would call very real time. They either ordered direct from Stryker or they go through various distribution partners that have very real time inventory levels that are maintained through par level management. It was the capital equipment in ‘09 in those businesses that slowed down and that was either the capital equipment replacement or expansion cycle that slowed down. And now we’re starting to see as a return of those investments. It’s a deferral that can only be deferred for so long because you’re fundamentally re-channeling new dollars into repair dollars and you can only do that for so long. So I think we’re just seeing those healthy institutions needing equipment replacement cycles to occur and that’s what’s really driving those businesses right now along with our normal stream of new product introductions that go on in those businesses. As far as the 16% I think that we called out that 6% of that came from Ascent. So my first slice would be 6% is the acquisition. The remaining 10% I would say that that we’re not going to get into price specific commentary relative to those three segments. And it’s all wrapped into that 1.8% decline that total company felt. So it probably gives you an indication that pricing pressure in MedSurg is no worse or no better than what it’s been on a historical basis. Again the cycles for new products innovation at MedSurg are a little bit shorter because majority of items are 510(k) so you probably getting a little bit better mix out come in those businesses as the new product pipeline coming out of the quality remediation efforts continues to ramp up and new items hit the market.
Curt Hartman: Glenn, we’re probably not going to get into many specifics here other than to go back to what I think Katherine tried to lay out pretty clearly at the beginning which was we prefer to use our cash for M&A but we do have a three-pronged approach which includes dividends and repurchase in M&A. And those are in addition to the normal working capital requirements of our business. So really what we hope is that over time when you look at all three of those elements you see the best possible investment leading to the best possible returns for shareholders by being very judicious in how we assign dollars in each of those categories versus one specific bucket in any given quarter.
Katherine Owen: Hi Bob, its Katherine. I’ll jump in here and really kind of reiterate what we’ve articulated on prior calls and meetings which really speaks to a three-prong cash strategy. We continued to believe that M&A, it makes the most sense in terms of being our preferred use of cash but it’s part of that three-prong M&A, dividends, share buybacks with any mix of those taking place. We haven’t called out and we won’t be any particular area that our focus other than to say that we continue to focus on our core as Steve mentioned on the call, we have a very unique broad set businesses that allow a lot of opportunities to leverage our core. I think Gaymar Industries is a terrific example of that. And we’re also continuing to look at opportunities that are adjacent to our core markets and we would view the Ascent acquisition last year as an example of that. That has been the strategy we’ve been executing on. And we don’t have any plans to change that going forward.
Katherine Owen: Yes, so I’ll probably just jump in here. We have not probably not going to go down actually we’re not going to go down on the path of inter quarter updates on trends really just focused on the quarterly trends and going back to the comments. We haven’t seen anything materially change from Q1 to Q2 and that’s probably the amount of granularity we want to get into.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I’m sorry so the comments for in Q3, we haven’t seen anything materially different going back to the prepared comments from what we saw in out of Q1 or Q2.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I think that’s – I’ll just jump in here, I think that’s a correct statement. Clearly volumes are seeing the impact from the economic environment, people deferring surgeries, recognizing all our checks indicate this isn’t something you can permanently defer although clearly calling the quarter when those volumes start to improve. It’s a bit tough. It’s just something that we would anticipate happening as we go forward but no material change on that front either from – versus what we saw in Q2 as it relates to volumes.
Katherine Owen: And in just terms of the M&A and really just go back to what we articulated in the beginning. We’re really not going to focus on specific areas other than reiterating what we’ve tried to express throughout the year in various meetings. We’re focused on our core, Gaymar and we’re focused adjacent, Ascent being an example of that but as you get down really granular looking at different divisions in the like of, it just doesn’t make sense for a lot of reasons for us to comment on particular areas or segments or strategic responses to market dynamics that we may address with M&A.
Katherine Owen: Yes, it wouldn’t be appropriate to comment on what the FDA’s processes or how they’re viewing some of the competitive products. But it’s clearly as everybody knows it becomes a more challenging market to get 510(k) clearances, PMA approval, nobody in that tech is immune to that. We feel very good about the submission in our ability to respond to questions but trying to forecast that at an exact time is currently challenging. And we just figure at this point in the year it made more sense to start thinking about a clearance coming in 2011.
Katherine Owen: I think it’s like a lot of industries in med tech and certainly in our hip and knee business, you’re always going to have certain hospital accounts that try and drive very strict pricing or try and limit the number of vendors and on the other hand you have other hospitals who are really looking to ensure that they have access to the latest innovation, have carve outs in contracts. So it’s very difficult to make a blanket statement that x percent of accounts are approaching pricing from a capitated way or otherwise. What we do see is manageable pricing pressure that hasn’t materially changed in the hip and knee market which should give you some sense of what’s happening in the larger hospital market and seeing a portion of that all set by mix which also indicates these same hospital customers are willing to pay for innovation.
Katherine Owen: I’ll take the latter part of the question first and I think I’ll put it against the context, if you would look at the total company and what we’ve articulated at prior meetings, the academy our analyst meeting is it’s a series of singles and doubles. It’s very rarely the homerun type of product and but it’s the collective total of all those products that really allows for the top line growth. And we would view all of those products that’s in line with that. On the hip side as many of you know and we’ve talked about it. It’s the rollout of a new hip system particularly something like ADM that is a new design. Concept does take several quarters typically at least four quarters, certainly what we’ve seen historically and with the launch of Triathlon that’s been tremendously successful. It takes four plus quarters to really get the message out there, surgeons trained starting to use the product, etcetera. And that’s the path that ADM and the other products that we’ve launched around. So overall we feel very good that they are delivering what we would anticipate but recognizing none of these in isolation is going to dictate the performance in a given quarter.
Katherine Owen: I would go back to when we gave the revised guidance for the full year up to the upper end of the range I don’t think anybody is assuming some dramatic reacceleration in the recon market. Our comments spoke to the fact expected to improve over time than we’ve got one quarter left. So kind of gives you some sense about what’s going to be driving the components to get to that revised guidance.
Katherine Owen: So I’ll take the second question first, no there has been real change in terms of how hospitals think about carve outs and wanting to be able to have access to innovation as a lot of business positions preference item as you look at the hip and knee market. And in terms of the first part of your question.
Katherine Owen: I would just caution the sequential improvement in spine although it’s better than a sequential decline. It’s still very modest, that business was flat domestically. So we’ll look for that to gradually get better but I think way too early to ring any bells that new products are having a meaningful impact.
Katherine Owen: As we talked about earlier in the call, is we think about reconstructive market in a long history of having product rollouts here. It typically takes four plus quarters before new products starts to get meaningful traction and we’ve rolled these products out during the first quarter. So we would really look to start to see more of an impact in 2011.
