Kevin Lobo: Thank you. Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter as well as recent acquisitions. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A.  For the quarter, organic sales growth exceeded 9% with double-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses, led by Endoscopy, Instruments and Neurocranial. Our Orthopedics and Spine businesses delivered high single-digit growth, highlighting procedural recovery throughout the quarter. Internationally, we posted mid-single-digit organic growth, highlighted by double-digit organic growth in Europe and emerging markets.  During the quarter, we continue to have robust demand for our capital products. However, we had meaningful shipment delays as a result of ongoing product supply challenges, mostly affecting our large capital businesses.  For the quarter, we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.97, reflecting growth compared to the first quarter of 2021 despite the ongoing impacts from inflationary pressures and significant premiums on inventory spot buys. We expect these supply chain pressures to persist throughout the year, although they will moderate with less reliance on spot buys in the second half of the year. In addition, we continue to invest in R&D at a healthy rate of 7.2% of sales, demonstrating our continued focus on our new product pipelines.  Despite the ongoing supply chain pressures and the continued COVID volatility in certain regions of the world, we remain confident in the outlook of our business, and we expect to continue to deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech. However, as previously mentioned, despite continued discipline with our spending, the pressure on our supply chain will impact our ability to deliver earnings leverage in 2022.  With one quarter behind us, a very strong order book and these macroeconomic dynamics, we now expect full year organic sales growth towards the high end of our guidance range of 6% to 8% and expect adjusted earnings per share at the lower end of our guidance range of $9.60 to $10 a share.  During the quarter, we also closed the acquisition of Vocera, and I'm excited about the highly complementary and innovative portfolio that Vocera brings to our Medical division. We believe that this deal will drive strong value creation in the years ahead.  Finally, I am pleased about our ongoing commitment to our talent and culture, which is reflected in the recognition of Stryker for the 12th year in a row as one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For. Over this time, our employee base has moved from 20,000 to 46,000, and I would like to thank our leaders for maintaining our positive culture as we have grown.  In addition, we also published our second annual comprehensive report during the quarter, which captures our environmental, social and governance strategy and details our commitments and disclosures on our 3 pillars of corporate responsibility: stronger people, healthier planet and good business.  Overall, I am pleased with our start to the year despite the challenging macroeconomic environment and believe we are well positioned for the future.  I will now turn the call over to Preston.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Sure, Vijay. First, I'd tell you that hospital liquidity is still very strong. And as a result, our orders have actually grown in the quarter. We had a strong order book coming into the year, and we added to that very significantly with strong double-digit growth in orders in the first quarter.  And as we mentioned in our opening remarks, large capital has been disrupted partially because of shortages of primarily electronics, but also hospital's ability to actually receive the capital either because of short staffing or because some of their construction projects were delayed.  I'm not concerned about the shortage in other ortho for the first quarter. Our order book for Mako is very, very strong. We had a lot of delays in actually installations, and they're going to have a strong year overall. And certainly, we did have a big comp from the prior year. But the order book for Mako is very strong. The order book for all of our capital is very strong. You saw the actual sales results in Instruments, Endoscopy, Neurocranial.  The small capital, in fact, is -- we're able to largely meet those orders that were growing our challenges is meeting the orders of larger capital, primarily Medical, but also to a lesser degree to Mako. But overall, no concerns, strong demand for Mako and you saw the results in the Hip and Knee business that really benefits from the strong performance we had in Mako throughout the pandemic.
Kevin Lobo: Well, we're not going to give guidance by quarter, Vijay. But what I would tell you is the second quarter, we have very difficult comps. If you remember, the second quarter of last year was extremely strong. And yes, you're right that Q3 and Q4, the comps do get a lot easier.  I would say that we are still a little bit nervous about our ability to meet the demand for these orders and capital because of the supply chain pressure. So there is a little bit of conservatism based into that just because the environment is pretty uncertain. We do assume an improvement -- continued improvement in procedural volumes. If that continues to play out well, and certainly, there is the potential for us to do even better than what we've guided.  But based on what we know today, that we feel pretty good about sales at the high end of the original range given the strong start to the year and the strong order book.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Joanne, is so far so good in terms of retention. We were able to retain a lot of the employees that we had identified, frankly, all of the key employees have been retained. And the integration efforts, even though it's early, we had a very good month of March, no disruption whatsoever in the sales cycle.  So while it is early, so far, so good, and we're very bullish on the prospects. So Vocera having a very good year this year and obviously continuing into the future.
Kevin Lobo: It is incorporated in our updated guidance. As we said from the beginning, we expect them to continue. And you'll see it in the inorganic numbers. Every quarter, you'll see where Vocera shows up, you will see very strong double-digit growth on the top line. And what we said on the bottom line is that it certainly -- there's a modest impact on the bottom line. So really, nothing really more to add there. We're going to fuel the growth. It will be a good year this year, and it will be accretive starting next year
Kevin Lobo: Yes. That's a tough question. I mean I think I don't have a crystal ball. What I do have is I can see what we have prebought in our inventory. I do have the input from our suppliers and how they are looking at that sort of chip availability.  And I also see the amount of activity that we have currently ongoing in terms of buying in that spot market. And I would tell you that Q2 is probably going to look pretty similar to Q1 in terms of that kind of pressure. But I am building up inventories and I'm building up component inventories. And so I expect it to ease a little bit as I look at Q3 and Q4. And I think right now, that's the best I can do in terms of sort of eyeballing in where I think the impact of that will be in the P&L and also in terms of where our guidance has come in.  I think we didn't lower our guidance from Q -- from January because we still saw a pathway to get within this guidance based on the activity we're seeing now.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Look, I still think this is a fabulous market long term. There's just no question. It's a great market. We had a tough comp -- there also was a bit of competitive activity in the U.S. in the ischemic side of the business. We see this from time to time from quarter-to-quarter. So we certainly weren't expecting double-digit growth in the U.S. It was a little lower than we expected because of the competitive activity, but nothing too alarming.  And we will have a very strong year. We're going to have a double-digit growth year in neurovascular globally, and the U.S. will pick up in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So it's still a great market. We're only treating a small fraction of the patients that have stroke today. And for that reason, with the pipeline and the great leadership team that we have over there in Neurovascular, I know that this is going to be a very good long-term business.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I think the pressure that's being put on the health care system and particularly nurses was obviously very acute during the pandemic. And with the shortages that are out there right now, hospitals are looking for solutions that are going to help keep their nurses engaged, help ensure that their errors aren't being made in the hospital, improved workflow, so I think our timing is perfect and that Vocera should be able -- this is a tailwind that's not over. I think this tailwind will continue to last for the next couple of years because it does provide really a reduced cognitive load for nurses. It makes their jobs easier. They're much happier when we have Vocera in their hospitals.  So we're really excited. We think our timing is really ideal, and this is a multiyear tailwind.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. I mean, at this point, I would say there's no -- we're obviously not giving guidance on 2023. But in terms of those products, still early Q guidance not is still in the approval process. So we still have a ways to go there. But in terms of the next power tools, also similar we're still early in terms of getting that out from a launch standpoint next year. So at this point, no update in terms of major impacts or expectations to what it might have on our numbers for next year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So what I'd say is Insignia product is ideal for direct interior, which, of course, is very popular in the ASCs. But not just in the ASCs, also in the hospital. And even though we only launched it very recently, the feedback has been incredibly positive. And so we have a great design for the product. Surgeons are finding it terrific approaching the offsets, the sizes, the fit that it's really delivering on what we thought. So we couldn't be happier with the launch at least this initial phase of the launch. And this will be a tailwind for our Hip business, and it will actually pick up as more and more sets are deployed in the field, you'll see it actually accelerate through Q3, Q4 and into next year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. On your second question around the spine market versus hip and knee market, even if you go back to pre-pandemic, the hip and knee market was growing on a dollar basis was growing faster than the spine market. And the spine market did have some elements of the more acute procedures that were less deferrable. And so it didn't decline nearly as much as the hip and knee business did. So not as much of a decline. And then, therefore, not as much of a pickup in a market that, frankly, hasn't been historically growing quite as fast as Hips and Knees. So those are the dynamics, I think, that you're seeing play out here. We're delighted with our performance certainly in our -- if you look at our Knee business and Hips just this quarter, we were leading the market in Knees for a long time. Mako has been an enormous driver. Our cementless procedures are roughly 1 out of every 2 knees in the United States are going in cementless. So we have a real competitive advantage that you're seeing play out with our Knee number, but excited that our Hip number is now moving up as well. But I'm not surprised to see those growing faster than the Spine business. We'll have to see when everyone else reports how the markets played out. But to me, it's not that surprising.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Look, given the inflationary environment, as Preston mentioned earlier, we are obviously going to look at pricing actions across our portfolio. In some places, it's going to be easier than other places given the nature of our contracts. But for competitive reasons, we're really not going to disclose the tactics, the strategies, which products. Every quarter, you see we do report our price, you'll get to see the overall impact, but it's not something we're really -- I'm going to get into on this call.
Kevin Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our second quarter results with you in July. Thank you.
Preston Wells: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will focus on providing an update on the current environment, including the procedural and geographic trends during the quarter. In addition, I will provide an update on the continued integration of Wright Medical and the initial integration progress of the Vocera business.  After being impacted in January by the Omicron variant, procedural volumes recovered sequentially throughout the quarter as COVID-related delays and restrictions eased. While we see -- while we're seeing volumes recover towards more normal levels, there continues to be some overhang from hospital staffing shortages, which is causing scheduling disruptions around the world. This improvement in procedural volumes is primarily impacting our implant-related businesses, including Hips, Knees, Spine and Extremities. In addition to the procedural recovery, our double-digit growth in Knees continues to benefit from the growing Mako install base. We also grew high single digits in Foot & Ankle, Upper Extremities and Hips, driven by continued new product penetration. Within our Hips business, the launch of the new Insignia Hip Stem, along with the Mako 4.1 software, which also incorporates Insignia into the Mako robotic platform, continues to proceed well and should be a tailwind to our Hips business throughout the year.  Geographically, procedures recovered during the quarter in the United States, Europe and Latin America, which resulted in strong double-digit growth in those regions. Procedural trends in Asia have been more volatile due to the ongoing COVID-related impacts. With Japan and Australia beginning to see improvements towards the end of the quarter, while other parts of the region saw COVID rates peak in March. In China, COVID-related impacts were more widely seen beginning in March, and we expect to see negative impact on procedural volumes in China during the second quarter as a result of strict lockdown restrictions across major cities in the country.  Demand for our capital products remained strong in the quarter, including double-digit growth in orders, which bolstered the strong order book for capital products that we carried over from 2021. As a reminder, our capital business makes up less than 25% of our total sales with under 10% coming from large capital items like beds, robotics, booms and lights, and the remainder coming from small capital products like power tools and cameras, which facilitate surgical procedures. The strong demand in the quarter is occurring across our portfolio, including our small capital products within Instruments, Endoscopy and Neurocranial that support the recovery of procedural volumes.  While we experienced solid growth from our capital businesses in the quarter, the growth was limited as a result of ongoing headwinds, including raw material shortages, primarily related to electronic components and installation delays because of hospital staffing challenges. The raw material shortages have had the largest impact in our medical business, both within our acute care and emergency care business units. These macro challenges will continue to be pronounced in the second quarter. We continue to partner closely with our customers to ensure we are meeting their more immediate and longer-term capital requirements.  Turning to our key integration activities. The integration of Vocera is in its early stages, and we are pleased with how the teams are working together to maximize the opportunity. On a pro forma basis, the Vocera business continued its strong double-digit momentum during the quarter. And finally, the Wright Medical integration continues to progress well across all regions, which is reflected in the double-digit growth of our U.S. Trauma & Extremities business during the quarter, which was led by excellent performances in both U.S. Foot & Ankle and U.S. Upper Extremities.  In summary, while the macro environment remains volatile, procedural volumes are improving and the underlying demand for our products remains strong, which gives us confidence in our ability to continue to drive market-leading growth.  With that, I will turn the call over to Glenn.
Preston Wells: Hey, Matt, it's Preston. You're right. It's something that we're seeing across the board. As Kevin said, it's really more of the macro elements around the ability for hospitals to be able to put the equipment in and get it installed that's driving it. And so that's something that everybody is facing heard that from several folks as well. So it's not something that puts us at a disadvantage at all. As Kevin mentioned, we feel very strong about where we're headed for Mako and what we're expecting to deliver for Mako this year.
Preston Wells: Yes. I would say that we certainly are very pleased with the initial launch of Insignia as we recently just launched at AAOS. So it's certainly an indication as we think about going forward and what we expect to drive from our Hips. So we're happy with the initial phases of the launch. We expect Insignia will continue to provide a tailwind along with Mako, along with the recovery of procedural volumes.
Preston Wells: Yes, Robbie. I think that we certainly believe that we're going to work through that backlog. It's still early days as we're confronted with the supply challenges. And we're certainly working actively with those chip suppliers and trying to get through. And as Kevin mentioned, certainly, second quarter will be a little bit more disrupted than we think about the later part of the year. So we'll work through it throughout the year.  We're not -- as we think about our overall guidance and certainly getting to that upper end or exceeding that upper end, would be working all the way through the entirety of that backlog. So right now, what we're doing is really focused on just getting the supply and working through it for the remainder of the year.
Preston Wells: Yes, Larry, thanks for the question. So we're looking at it a few different ways. So obviously, we continue to focus on some of the internal projects that we had going with CTG 2.0 that are really looking at how we change our cost structure. But beyond that, we are looking at areas around price.  And just as a reminder, we do have some businesses that historically we've been able to gain some price in particularly on our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses. But as we look at all of our businesses in the future, as we have contracts that are coming up on our orthopedic side, we will be looking at whatever price actions that are appropriate at that point in time.  And along the MedSurg business, again, same thing, we'll be looking at price actions as appropriate going forward. So we are looking at that as a way to continue to help with the rise in inflation.
Preston Wells: Yes. So Larry, on China, as you mentioned, it is small. It's about 2% of our total business. And those products that are being currently impacted by VBP, so think about joint replacement, trauma and extremities, are less than half of that. And so we have that factored into our guidance. We've talked about that before. So we're expecting that to really play out this year from a trauma and joint replacement standpoint.  Neurovascular, it's early days. There are some activities happening at a province level. So we're still early in that process and don't really expect any major impacts there for 2022.  In terms of what we're seeing on the ground with regards to the COVID impacts, we're saying the same thing that everybody else is hearing. The strict lockdown policy is certainly having an impact on procedural volume. And we expect that to continue to play out in second quarter.  Where it goes from there, I think, is still to be determined. But we would expect probably easing as they go through this latest wave, look probably towards the back half in terms of procedural volumes.
Preston Wells: Yes, Joanne, thanks for the question on both. I mean as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's very early. I mean we just closed the deal in February. When we announced the deal, we talked about our general expectations in this marketplace where the market and the sales are growing in the teens. And so we would expect that to continue initially. But as we get it integrated into our businesses that we're going to be able to accelerate the growth of Vocera by being able to put it into more hands and more hospitals. So we do expect that we'll be accelerating throughout the year. But again, we're early, early days in terms of the integration.
Preston Wells: Yes. So Peter, we aren't going to provide that breakout in terms of the various parts of the business. I mean it does continue to fluctuate around depending on where some of the shortages are. Like Glenn said, if we have supply shortages, we are seeing increases in freight that's more mix based on airfreight and things like that.  So going to provide that breakout. Certainly, we do expect, as Glenn mentioned, there are going to be some portions of this that will be more permanent in nature and some of that will be more transient as we go through where it lands. I think we're still early. And certainly, as we think about our guidance that we laid out, we do expect it to have impact as we continue throughout the year, but certainly within the range of the guidance that we provided.
Preston Wells: Yes. So I think the answer is yes. I mean we are evaluating that. We're looking at pricing actions across our businesses, and it will be different. It will be different based on the different types of businesses that we're in, the contracts that are in place and in different geographies for sure. So it's not going to be a one-size-fits-all as we think about this, it will be a very deliberate approach across our different business units and across our different geographies.
Preston Wells: Yes. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the backlog, as we've said in previous calls, the backlog has built up over really the last 24 months as many patients hadn't had procedures done. So certainly, we saw that the uptick with procedures being done this past quarter.  It's hard to say what portion of that was backlog versus new patients entering into the funnel. So there has to be some piece of that backlog that's been worked down. But really, for the full backlog to be worked through, it's going to take a sustained recovery. So we're thinking about many quarters of recovery and being back to normal that's going to get that backlog all the way down.  In terms of where it's coming from, it's really going to be across all of those products that are more deferrable. So Hips, Knees, Spine, some of the Extremities products that we would expect to see that coming from. But as we've said previously, really, it's going to take several quarters of sustained normal that will work that full backlog down.
Preston Wells: Yes, it's early in terms of the overall market growth assessment. But just like we look at Hips and Knees, we're pleased with the quarter. We're pleased with procedures recovering, certainly having an impact on Spine. We're happy with our product portfolio. And so we do expect that Spine will continue to benefit as procedures come back to more normal levels throughout the rest of the year.
Preston Wells: Yes. So in terms of -- sorry, in terms of acquisition activities as we move forward, as we've said previously, following the Vocera deal, our first focus is going to be on pay down of the debt. And then we'll certainly continue to evaluate tuck-in opportunities along the way as well.  As we think about larger type deals like Vocera, it really is going to depend on a couple of things. I think, number one, the cash flow performance, as Glenn mentioned before. And then the second is really going to be about the opportunities. I mean we're not going to just do larger-sized deals just to do them. Certainly, it's going to be the right opportunities. I think, overall, just thinking about it, we still have the bandwidth to continue to operate in that space and complete those type tuck-ins and eventually get back to a Vocera-type-sized deal.
Preston Wells: No, that's correct. I think a lot of times when we talk about staffing, we immediately think about just the nursing staffing component, but staffing has been an impact at all different types of areas across the hospital. And so with a lot of our larger capital items, we've seen some delays in installations or even just in construction projects that have led to some of those delays in Mako was impacted by that during the quarter as well.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Robbie, I would tell you that when we gave guidance back in January, we discussed pressure of 50 to 100 basis points on our gross margin. And I would tell you that, that is looking like it is trending to the upper end for the full year. And if I think about where we're going to feel most of that pronounced increase, it's probably Q1 and Q2 here with some easing in Q3 and Q4.  If you think about the types of costs, obviously, there are these spot buys where we're paying pretty exorbitant prices for chips and the related electronic components. But there are also increases in labor or supplier labor, warehouse and distribution costs are going up.  And then related to that, just because of supply shortages, we're also feeling a little bit of the inefficiencies that, that might be driving in our own manufacturing facilities. So all of those are obviously putting pressure on our gross margin.  Then the last thing I'll mention, and I know this has probably come up in other calls is just freight is another place where we're seeing real increases. And a lot of that is just because of the tight supply chain and even the tightness of our ability to deliver products to our customers, we're seeing a lot of overnight deliveries. We're seeing a lot more air freight when normally we would use a more economical mode for freight. So all of that is kind of compounding in terms of what we're implying as inflationary pressures.  I do see some of that easing up, but I would tell you for the longer term, these labor costs, these transportation costs are probably a little more permanent than some of the other costs as we think about it.  And then moving down the P&L, if you think about what we're spending in R&D, we just -- we're not backing off of that innovation spend. We really honestly think it's very important to keep that product pipeline going and keep it robust. Launches like our Insignia Hip, we're going to be able to fuel growth as long as we continue to fund that R&D.  On the -- further down in SG&A, we have tried to moderate some of the more discretionary SG&A costs. But the single biggest cost there is sales commissions. And as long as our sales force are out there selling, we're going to continue to pay them and pay them well because it's important to us. Beyond that, we have some moderation in other income and expense, and I gave you the guidance on tax. So I think we're trending pretty much in line with all of that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. I'll tell you what, I'll take the cash flow one, and I'll have Preston talk about the M&A one. So on cash flows, a couple of places. We're feeling the inflationary pressures that flow through with earnings first and foremost. And we'll see that all year long as those flow through all the way to cash flow.  I think the other thing that you can see is that because we're in a position where we're prebuying inventories and raw material inventories to make sure we have enough supply, we'll see increases in inventory that may be, under normal conditions, we wouldn't necessarily have.  In terms of where I think cash flows will land, I still think we're seeing really good performance in working capital. We're performing relative to guidance in terms of CapEx spending, and so those fundamentals are still in place. And I would still expect us to deliver sort of a 70% to 80% free cash flow conversion, excluding the Vocera impact related to that acquisition, the $130 million that related to a payout of -- related to the employees' acceleration of options in their stock. So aside from that, we'll still be in that 70% to 80% range.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, Josh, I think I heard your question right, is what kind of op margin lift could we get out of sales performance that's above the 10%. So a couple of things. And anything that we delivered above the 10% would still have that kind of gross margin and inflation overhang. So we would feel that pressure. But you are correct that there's a natural operating expense leverage that incur that we incur when we sort of pierce through some of those larger double-digit growth items. So I expect that you would see delivery at the op margin level in excess of where you're seeing us now that the 22% roughly. So it would be accretive to that for sure.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. No, nothing that we're going to specifically quantify with regard to that. I mean we still had pretty strong growth in our MedSurg businesses, which are -- where primarily our capital businesses are. But just know that there was impact in that -- those sales as a result.  As we mentioned, from an electronic component standpoint, primarily in the medical business as opposed to some of the others. But not something that we're going to quantify.
Glenn Boehnlein: No. I think if I understand your question correctly, I mean I think the way we have to think about this is we've had 24 months of irregular activity with regards to these procedures. And so throughout that time period, we've seen that backlog, quite frankly, just grow. I mean the number of people that haven't had procedures done as a result, whether they're currently in the funnel, whether they've been deferred from the funnel. And then as we keep going forward, the part of what we're going to continue to see is we're going to see new patients entering that funnel. So I don't think there's going to be a slowdown at all. And that's why what we're saying with this backlog, it's not something you're going to see pronounced in any 1 particular quarter or a month, it's going to be something that's going to be a longer-term work down that we're going to see from people kind of funneling through the whole process. So I think you're going to just see that growth rate continue to just be pretty steady and growing.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. I think you're conceptualizing, right? I think what we're trying to communicate is, in the short term, how we saw inflation impacting us in Q1 will feel similar inflation in Q2. We expect the environment to improve, which also means that we also expect to start delivering more of the capital that's been in our order book in Q3 and Q4. Plus, we'll feel the impact of a lesser comparable for one on the top line. And we'll also feel the impact of that sort of back procedural backlog starting to free up, which from a mix standpoint also helps the bottom line.
