Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Steve. In light of the relatively high level of M&A activity that's occurred with us in recent quarters, my comments today will focus on some additional granularity around these transactions. As many of you on today's call are aware, our cash deployment strategy has focused on acquisitions along with buybacks and dividends. Our cash flow capabilities, we believe that the ability to execute on all 3 is an important competitive advantage that positions us well to deliver on both our short- and long-term financial targets. From a scorecard perspective, we are pleased with the performance to date of the various acquisitions. Although retrospectively, the 510(k) clearance of our shape-fitting technology obtained by the OtisMed acquisition took longer than anticipated, early read on the rollout is positive and we view the product as the key offering in our Recon sales force's portfolio.  We are also pleased by the reacceleration in Stryker Sustainability Solutions, which delivered strong double-digit top line growth in the quarter.  We completed a number of deals focused on our core markets in 2010, including SONOPET, Gaymar and MEDPOR, all of which are tracking at or ahead of our expectations. Although clearly still early, we're excited about the opportunity for us to leverage our considerable sales and distribution capabilities by adding the terrific product portfolios provided by both Orthovita and Memometal.  Overall, we look for the totality of our M&A activity to help us to generate solid top line growth despite the softer-than-expected orthopedic implant markets. Turning to the most significant acquisition we have completed recently. Neurovascular continues to execute on the launch of its new products, including the next generation coil and detachment system. We view the long-term growth potential in the treatment of stroke that represent one of the most exciting segments within medical technology, reflecting both the tremendous unmet need and opportunities for device space innovation. This was a key factor behind our move to further expand our market-leading presence in the interventional stroke market with the recent acquisition of Concentric Medical, which allows us access to the ischemic stroke segment.  Although today, the vast majority, nearly 90%, of neurovascular stroke sales are from devices to treat hemorrhagic stroke, this population represents just 13% of stroke patients. Over 80% of 85% of stroke incidents are from ischemic, and we're excited about the opportunity to leverage our core platform in neurovascular via the addition of Concentric, with its long history of device-based innovation and a truly exciting product pipeline. It's a latest generation stent retriever device designed specifically for the removal of ischemic stroke, is CE approved. And Concentric is currently one of just 2 companies with an FDA-approved IDE trial underway in the stent retriever category. We are targeting a late 2012, 2013 510(k) clearance and believe this technology will represent an important long-term growth driver for our Neurotechnology franchise. In sum, a recent series of M&A transactions reflect our stated strategy of both leveraging our core in order to drive sales and cost synergies while also entering key adjacent markets that can help improve our long-term organic growth rates. With that, I'll turn the call over to Curt.
Katherine A. Owen: It's probably as we get in -- Mike, as you know, historically, we haven't gone into a whole lot of specificity around exact timing of those launches both for competitive reasons as well as sales force focus. So these are 2012 rollouts. The exact timing, probably not going to be too specific on right now.
Katherine A. Owen: No. I think as BD engine flows, and right now we want to make sure that we leverage the opportunity we've had and not muck it up on the integration side. So it's not an on and off switch, but probably one right now, little bit more focused on innovation and execution.
Katherine A. Owen: Matt, I think you have to -- it's going to be difficult to make a blanket statement. So if you look traditionally in Hips and Knees, those are typically longer, couple years as you fully rollout. And not just the instruments but you train the sales force, train the surgeons. But if you take, for instance, right now MDM, which is our key Hip product launch. It really benefited from a lot of the heavy lifting that went on around both the philosophy and the instrumentation, et cetera, from ADM. So that's probably had a little bit better of initial uptake than you'd see with a traditional Recon product. And also OtisMed, there was familiarity with that shape-fitting technology as it was on the market a few years ago. And there's general familiarity with it. So I don't think you can make a blanket statement. It's going to depend on the type of product and the type of launch, but I wouldn't say from a macro-environment we're seeing stretched-out product uptakes.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. It's tough to get really firm data on penetration rate. Some of the numbers hover around 10% of knee procedures using customized shape fitting. But we obviously think there's opportunity for further inroads. And longer term, some of that may be required to have clinical data that really demonstrate some of the benefits that we believe exists as it relates to higher throughput, et cetera. So no specific target we would put out there, but clearly, we think it's going to be an important part of the sales forces' arsenal of offerings in the knee side.
Katherine A. Owen: I guess a couple of comments. So a big part of the rationale behind that acquisition was their excitement around the ischemic market. The use of device-based innovation for ischemic is in the very, very early stages. And so they have launched in some markets outside the U.S. But candidly part of the rationale for becoming part of Stryker is to have the considerable benefit we bring from sales and distribution capabilities that they were not able to tap into just given their size. And we're really excited about the pipeline there and the potential we see and the early adoption, quite frankly.
Katherine A. Owen: Remember, Jason, that the time of that acquisition, the vast majority over -- well over 95% of the revenue that they were achieving was from products that had nothing to do with Stryker. So there are some Stryker reprocessed products. And we do think longer term, there's opportunity to leverage our MedSurg offering. But the bulk, the vast majority of what they reprocess is not Stryker.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Mike. I think we do continue to feel very good about our MedSurg businesses, both in the U.S. and particularly outside of the U.S. I will tell you, Europe was a little rougher in the third quarter, and that was probably our little spot of weakness for our MedSurg businesses in the third quarter. We think that's just a little bit of a market issue, nothing that's had us too concerned. And the bigger issue probably is our product cycle, particularly as it does relate to both endo and to some degree our instruments businesses. But we've got some very good things coming and particularly on the endo side, as you said, things in the pipeline there that we may be a little softer here in the next quarter or so. I'm feeling very good about what's in the lineup. And I would say probably feeling really good about what we have coming in 2012 across all 3 of the big MedSurg franchises.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think what we've clearly tried to do, Mike, as you know is find additional growth opportunities within any overall market that you've got packets of strength and things like extremities, things like orthobiologics, things like surfaces in our medical business or SONOPET, which was great for our NSE, our Neurospine franchise. And I think we've been very active and opportunistic in what's going on there. So that really the way we look at it is those markets should grow faster than the overall markets. And continue to look for those -- dare we call it niches or smaller pieces and then look at the big things like the neurovascular that we feel we'll have a very good growth profile. Going forward, would you expect the same pace of acquisition? I'd tell you truthfully, we're probably largely focusing right now on integrating what we've taken. We've taken a lot on over the last 12 to 18 months. And I think you would probably see a slowdown. We're not going to be serial acquirers, but we are going to take advantage when the opportunities pop up. Katherine, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. Mike, to have one other comment to that, I think as a CEO, you have to be careful that you're paying attention to truly the organizational abilities to digest so many things. And we're probably, I don't want to say maxed out, but we're stretched and I think love what we've done, but would want to be careful not to take so much more on at this point.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think, David, we want to stay away from getting too far in the guidance for 2012. But I think that you should expect that -- and we feel good about the way we've been reshaping the portfolio this year. But the big question really is going to be do the markets come back much or not? But I think we're trying to position ourselves to have solid organic growth despite -- even if the markets continue right where they are. And we'll, obviously, come back with more specific guidance in January. All right. Sorry, I can't give you more at that point -- at this point.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. On endo, I think it's really product life cycle related. And I would tell you Katherine, Curt and I were actually out for that business last week and feel really good about where they'll be headed next year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: If I could just add one other thing. I think we clarified when we did Boston Neurovascular acquisition. What we're doing is there absorbing a division from a company that was structured very differently than ours. And again, one of the things we've had to do this year is invest in some of the back-office support areas as well to absorb that acquisition and let them focus on what they do well, which is drive the top line, drive the innovation. So there has been additional cost in the SG&A line supporting that this year that we should start to see leverage in the future as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, I think the freight train analogy is a very good one, Rick. We're seeing MDM take off. I would just remind you, we're going against a tough fourth quarter comp. But overall, the trend here is looking up. And I think we're feeling -- we're hearing very good stuff out of the field and out of the surgeon community on MDM. I think we're in the right place at the right time with that product.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. Rick, to clarify, we did have double-digit growth. It was a clear step-up in the quarter, business bouncing back very nicely, and we feel we've got that back on track, continue to feel great about the fundamentals. And frankly, we think J&J's entry into it is going to, a, further validate this is a market. To an enormous degree, I think it's wonderful when you have Stryker and J&J both as now the #1 and 2 players in the market. And I think the underlying fundamentals and healthcare cost and everything else we continue to feel really good about having identified this one a couple of years ago and picked up the market leader with big growth potential in a market that's probably going to become more validated now than ever.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Matt, I wouldn't say that, that's got to be a strategic driver. We do talk about that a lot, and I would tell you we have looked at some markets that are more exposed to a bigger private paying component. But we feel good still about the markets we're in. And I think over time, ultimately, we would also believe there may become more of a private pay component even to some of the businesses that we're in and ultimately where innovation will continue to drive the business. We think about it, but wouldn't expect a big move. We're pretty good sticking close to our core, as you know.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I'd consider the borderline adjustment at the end of the day when you look at it, 4% to 5% versus the low end of 5%. We're seeing how the year is playing out, clearly the markets have not materialized, but it's a very modest incremental adjustment.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's really seeing where things shook out in the third quarter. And being this close to the end of the year, we've got, obviously, more data at this point, and just recognizing the comps for the fourth quarter and product life cycles and everything else. So do not read it at all as a signal that we're concerned about where we're headed.
Stephen P. MacMillan: You should assume we are constantly looking at all kinds of options, and we operate with different models within our company. Our MedSurg businesses are different than the orthopedic implant businesses, and they give us some different avenues to call upon. And I think it actually creates a competitive strength for us to think about some different models. We've got some lower gross margin businesses with lower SG&A, but still deliver very good operating margins and we kind of know how to play different ways, and you should be assured we're thinking along those lines as we head forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I'll take it on a big picture basis. We've got a lot of really good things going on in our international markets, beyond emerging markets. Our Japan business, Australia, Canada, a lot of our businesses are really performing very, very nicely right now. And I'd say as you think about our international business, we got to think about is Europe from both a market standpoint as well as some of our own issues. We can do a little bit better, and that's a clear focal point, and emerging markets from a growth standpoint that we're focused on sustainable growth as we go into those markets. And we've probably been a little more cautious. Again, trying to build for the long term not just going in and grabbing tenders or this or that in certain markets. So we're very much building to the long haul as we always do within this company.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Really a combination of all of, Vivian. Certainly some of the -- the way we put some of the software into the beds, there's great opportunity for nurses to operate the things more efficiently, but also the never events. We are helping reduce never events, which from a reimbursement standpoint, as you know, under the new healthcare laws and everything else, the hospitals are a big deal. And there's still a lot of hospitals with very outdated beds and stretchers that we are clearly capitalizing on.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think you want to see it there. But in the meantime, obviously, the lateral in Orthovita a couple of our big things.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's primarily product. And I would say the '08, '09 downturn taught us how to probably sell better and sell value. So it's a bit of both, Jason, as well as frankly, Gaymar and selling surfaces along with our frames now. We used to sell the frames without, really, the surface revenue.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think it's actually neither. I think it's just the core blocking and tackling still of our Trauma franchise. That I think that team has been winning really, frankly, for 5 or 6 years now, and continuing to have good momentum there. There is some excitement around the Memometal acquisition and that helped the overall numbers. But the core Trauma business still posted some good growth. And I think the Memometal is a nice, certainly a nice add-on, and we're excited about where that will be going for us. And on the J&J, seeing this thing, I think it's still too early to really tell, and we know they're going to be a formidable force.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It'll be a bit of both. And I think, obviously, as we commended 2012, you'll see some new things coming. But a lot of that -- we talk a lot about hitting a lot of singles and doubles. We're certainly making some other investments, but it should be the stuff that we've been really good at.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I'd say we're still at the very early innings to that. I think we've been building the capabilities to do that. But there's still -- a lot of our businesses are still hand-to-hand combat down in the operating rooms. So I think what you should think is we're positioning ourselves for when that day really comes. I think we're well poised to capitalize on that. We're having some discussions with the certain hospital systems on that, but I would call it very early innings.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think it has been -- really for the last couple of years, our endo and instruments business has been growing pretty nicely outside the U.S., and they continue to win a lot of the market. So I think you should expect those to grow pretty nicely here and probably be growing faster than some of the domestic markets for a good period. There's always going to be some quarterly bounces as you well know on our MedSurg business as well over the years.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think we will probably hope that, Jeff. And again, we will give that guidance in early January.  And to that end, we want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we will report our fourth quarter results and talk about 2012 on January 24. So thank you, everybody, for joining us today.
Curt R. Hartman: David, the second part of your question was the fourth quarter change. Our outlook was the full year.
Curt R. Hartman: I think our overall full year guidance -- I can't overlay my guidance on your model, but I think our overall guidance is a statement of not seeing any meaningful recovery in the Reconstructive business, but we are personally, incrementally making gains as you look at our Reconstructive business, Hips, Knees, Trauma. That core business has improved each at the past 3 quarters, albeit very incrementally by our historical standards. But certainly that market has not recovered in a way that I think a lot of people would have assumed as we entered this year. And I don't think in the large European, broad European market we've seen any meaningful recovery as well. So those are probably the 2, #1 ,#2 areas that are driving a little bit of core business pullback and overall outlook pullback.
Curt R. Hartman: It's obviously a hot topic here in the last couple of quarters, Bob, specifically, as it relates to gross margins. Clearly, currency movement does impact gross margins. But I think in addition to that, when we look at our business, we really start with what's the revenue outlook and what's the earnings target that we're going for. And all the levers in between those 2 are at our discretion to use, to run our business in a way that we think will best help us in the given quarter, the given year, also as we look to the future and where we think the business needs to be. So as you look at gross margins specifically, there's clearly been currency influence there this year. And in addition, and Steve mentioned this in his opening comments, we now have a global executive who is focused on our global operations. Any time you do that, any time you align an operations team, a lot of projects come forward. Those projects all come with a price and you have to make those investments before you see the return. In addition, the M&A that's been discussed also brings cost that hit gross margin. Not all of those cost get called out as acquisition and integration-related charges because some of those costs are investments that we'll use across the company for further leverage in the out-year, specifically as it relates to SG&A. I honestly feel decent about where SG&A is right now. We've had some ups and downs over the last 3 quarters. But in general, I feel pretty good about what we're doing there. I think everybody in the med device base is looking at distribution-related cost and trying to figure out where those are going to move, over what period of time, and that includes Stryker. But in general I think we've got the right approach and the right focus on those right now.
Curt R. Hartman: And just from a metric standpoint, year-to-date, adjusted SG&A is identical to what it was a year ago. So that my comment about I think we're doing okay, given everything we put in through the P&L this year to be equal to where we were as a ratio, 37.3% of sales actually feel okay, and think about that in the future periods how we can leverage that as we expand the sales base.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes. We started the year with core business growth of 5% to 7%. We're moving that to 4% to 5%, and I would just tell you it's a reflection of where we are in the year through the first 3 quarters and the size of core growth we have to deliver in the fourth quarter to stay within our 5% to 7% range. Number one, it doesn't feel realistic after 3 quarters being under our belt. Number two, we think the 4% to 5% is a realistic reflection that some of the core markets i.e., reconstructive, have not returned to a level that we had originally assumed as we started this year. We're as optimistic as anyone and we want to continue to drive our teams to higher growth levels. I think the 4% to 5% more accurately reflects the first 3 quarters and where we see the year finishing up.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes, and Spine. Spine is recorded in our Neurotech and Spine segment. And as I mentioned in my comments, we did not have a good spinal implant quarter. It was, frankly, disappointing. And I think it just reflects the broad pressure in the overall reconstructive market, even though, we report those in a different segment than our Reconstructive business.
Curt R. Hartman: Pricing this year has been in the 1% to 2% down range. So it somewhat fits right in with where pricing trends have been in the last couple of quarters. And I think we're comfortable saying that it will remain in that category, that range as we look forward. I think it's kind of the same old, same old.
Curt R. Hartman: I don't know if we're going to go acquisition by acquisition here and evaluate gross margins. But I think the key focus here on all the acquisitions is executing well defined integration plan. And as we said in our commentary, we feel good about acquisition integration plans as it relates to most recently Orthovita, Memometal, Neurovascular business at the beginning of the year, and going back into last year the acquisitions that we completed then. We feel good about our integration plans, don't want to overburden the organization with additional integration. So that's a key focus is a focus on the integration, so we don't run into problems and then do image to the revenue outlook, which is really where you bring the P&L pressure. So I think being focused on integrating. Doing it right and doing it in a comprehensive fashion is where our focus is.
Curt R. Hartman: As Steve said, it's a complicated integration because you're going from a culture that was highly centralized in terms of the back-office support. With company and Stryker that's a little more decentralized in some of the back-office support. It's got 3 facilities that have to be brought over from Boston Scientific to Stryker, and I think we originally stated this would be a 2- to 2.5-year acquisition integration, and we're pretty much right on track with that. Now, obviously as we go country by country, there's different regulatory approval pathways. Some of those are online, some of those stretch out. Those don't materially impact selling revenue. What they do impact is employees who are waking up every day saying; "At some point, I'd become a Stryker employee." And so we're very sensitive to that. The business, we feel very good about the business. The Target Coil, a detachment system rolled out early in the year. We've effectively got a global launch at this point. We recently introduced that to the Japanese market, which was really our final core market there. So I think we feel really good about the team at NV and what they're doing on a global basis and now they're both playing out and winning in the commercial market while dealing with challenges that are inherent with every integration.
Curt R. Hartman: Well I think the Orthovita acquisition performed as we expected, my comments were more specific. Spine as it relates to Memometal, the implant piece of that business. So I think we feel very good about Orthovita broadly speaking because as we said in our acquisition announcement, that product offering will be sold by multiple parts of Stryker selling organization be it CORTOSS, Vitoss, Vitagel. And we've, in fact, done that and feel very good about the distribution patterns right now across all of those franchises. Because it relates specifically to the Spine business and our hardware franchise, it's a little tougher going in the third quarter than what we had anticipated, and it's probably a combination of both some market dynamics and perhaps some self-induced factors. So disappointed with that growth rate overall. Excited about lateral access fusion product and reenergizing that organization.
Curt R. Hartman: So the gross margin in the third quarter was 68% adjusting for all the acquisition-related costs. And I think going back to the second quarter at the end of that call or somewhere during that call, we said that we anticipated gross margins to be in the 68% to 68.5% range as it relates to the full year, and I think we're still comfortable with that guidance. As it relates to gross margins longer term -- my commentary in the gross margin discussion was around our operational focus and looking at everything from procurement cost, material cost, manufacturing cost independent of which franchise the product falls into. And really, as a company, this is our first time taking a hard look, broadly speaking, at our manufacturing operations. So that's what gives us confidence that there's a lot of opportunity in the years ahead. Again, keeping in mind, as the business expands, be it in the emerging markets or there's additional cost pressures, which everybody likes to talk about, you may need those gross margin points to offset that. You may want to fuel those gross margin gains into R&D or other areas of investment for the business. So I think our walking around sense is gross margin expansion remains an opportunity in the quarters and years ahead. Keep it in mind, we have areas of investment within manufacturing that do influence gross margin. So I don't want to lock people into this steady stairstep. We're going to manage the business across the entirety of the P&L. We strategically make investments where we believe there are most important at a given point in time.
Curt R. Hartman: I think we're very focused, broadly speaking, on financial disciple across the company. And whether that's in SG&A or gross margins, we're taking a hard look at every dollar we spend and how we spend it and whether there's leverage opportunities across multiple parts of the company or a shared services opportunity, things of that nature. So we continue to look and be very diligent, ensuring that we don't disrupt the culture of this company that's made us so great over time.
Curt R. Hartman: I don't think we saw a meaningful change in payer pushback. I think that's been tough going back to the fourth quarter of 2009. So there's not a new dynamic there. I think, again, the self-induced challenges are more than right products, the organization waiting for products, and we're getting encouraged by our lateral access to buy skidding out. But self-induced stuff is probably internal execution. And before we wrap up, I do want to get back on the share count question. We finished the quarter at 386 million shares, so I think people from a modeling purpose should use that for the fourth quarter and then again heading into 2012.
