Kevin Lobo: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's second quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are Bill Jellison, our CFO and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations. Following my opening comments, Katherine will provide an update on our M&A activity and preview our upcoming Analyst Meeting. Bill will then offer details on our quarterly results before turning to Q&A. We continue to see solid topline momentum with organic sales growth up 5% in the quarter. After adjusting for one less selling day. this translates to underlying organic growth of over 6%. All three of our business segments, Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotechnology and spine contributed to our Q2 performance. Starting with U.S. Reconstructive. Trauma and extremities continue to achieve market leading growth, up 13%, despite challenging comparatives from last year. This was powered by foot and ankle, which once again achieved outstanding growth, increasing over 30%. Both hips and knees registered solid performance and accelerated from Q1, with 6% and 7% growth, respectively. Note that the impact of one less selling day is most pronounced in our hip and knee business, which would have added roughly 150 basis points of growth. These businesses also benefit from improving trend in MAKO which we expect to continue in the back half of the year. Katherine will operate on this shortly. Turning to U.S. MedSurg. We had strong performances in instruments, endoscopy and medical. Instruments increased 7%, driven by continued uptake of the Neptune Waste Management System. Endoscopy growth of 17% was aided by recent acquisitions but even after adjusting for these, still grew at an impressive 9%. Medical remained steady with a 3% increase. Sustainability solutions had negative growth in the quarter, but has recently received five 10-K approvals that will return it to positive growth starting in Q3. The U.S. Neurotechnology had another strong showing of 8% growth with neurovascular NSE and CMF all performing well. U.S. spine results were soft this quarter, down 6%, reflecting pricing pressure and some sales force disruptions. We believe that a number of measures, including strengthening the leadership team and bolstering our product pipeline along with our recent acquisition of CoAlign should get this business back to its normal rhythm by year-end. International constant currency growth of 5% reflects sustained improvement in Europe, as well as excellent performance in China, Australia, South America and India. These strong performances were partially offset by weak results in Japan as we continue to work through a challenging ERP implementation as well as the biannual price cuts. Most product categories had good performance although hips and knees were negative, owing to the Japan issues and from tougher comparisons, particularly in Europe, as we anniversary our turnaround. The small market issues in Asia, which we have alluded to on past calls are largely behind us and should no longer be a drag in the back half of the year. Turning to the P&L. Gross margin declined year-over-year owing to a modestly tougher pricing environment, product mix and negative foreign exchange. R&D increased in both absolute dollars and as a percent of sales, reflecting our commitment to internally driven innovation, coupled with the impact from our acquisitions. Our focus on delivering greater SG&A efficiencies helped drive the year-over-year improvement in operating expenses. Combined with a lower tax rate we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.08. For the full year, we are narrowing our guidance on sales and EPS. We expect full year organic sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 6% and adjusted EPS in the range of $4.75 to $4.80. These changes reflect first half performance, our expectation of accelerating sales growth and the impact of acquisitions on EPS. Looking ahead to 2015, we will provide specific guidance at the end of January as we do each year, however, given the recent opening of our European regional headquarters we wanted to alert you to additional benefits that will accrue in 2015 versus 2014. We expect our 2015 effective tax rate to improve by roughly two percentage points or $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Of this benefit, we plan to reinvest about half to accelerate our topline growth and drop the other half to the bottomline. Therefore, we would expect an additional $0.05 to $0.80 per share improvement beyond our normal target for 2015. Bill will share more about the European regional headquarters later in the call and we will discuss the reinvestment plans later this year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. I think that the primary reason on our guidance, as you saw, in the first half of the year, our performance was a little bit softer than what we would like to have seen. Again we had $0.02 that we just recently announced as a negative impact from some of the recent acquisitions that we have got and pricing has been running a little bit stronger, a little bit higher from a negative impact perspective, or at least at the top end of our 1.5% to 2% range that we have typically given. Also as you have noted, in the first part of this year, FX has had about a $0.06 to $0.07 negative impact on us year-over-year at this point in time.
Kevin Lobo: Also keep in mind that as we noted earlier, this quarter does have one less selling day in it as well too. So the organic growth rate that we talked about are on a straight basis. And those are not a days adjusted number.
Kevin Lobo: And ERP implementations, as you all know, can be challenging. And for us, it had a disproportionate impact on our reconstructive business because of the sets and being able to track all the inventory. So we put more resources on it right now. In fact, I also hired a new CIO for all of Stryker, Bijoy Sagar, who came from Merck KGaA. He joined us in the second quarter. We are really excited to have him onboard. We do also have another ERP planned for our instruments division as we modernize all of our IT systems. But having a new CIO, I am extremely excited about. We do have a lot of work to do. We made progress in addressing the ERP over the quarter, but it did have a disproportionate impact on hips and knees, and we are optimistic that we will have that sorted out in the third quarter.
Kevin Lobo: So a couple of points. First, keep in mind that the Q2 growth that we just talked about was on a one day less selling day basis. So the adjusted basis in the second quarter was actually north of 6%. And I say that if you look at our organic growth in the first half, which was just under 5% as reported, and we just now obviously raised slightly the broader-based or near the range on the top end to 5% to 6%. That obviously implies that our second half growth rate is expected to be higher than what we have experienced so far in the first half. One of the reasons associated with that, as I mentioned, is on the instruments. The impact of Neptune on the back half of last year was obviously stronger than the first half and obviously as we are moving in through this year, our Neptune sales should actually be stronger in the second half of the year than they were in the first half of the year. So that's one piece that's helping to drive that but I think that we are feeling good and confident in a number of our different business areas to continue to take market share.
Kevin Lobo: So I will take this questions. So what I say is, at the Analyst Day we are going to provide a lot more insight into MAKO. What I would tell you is from a sales force structure, we have a dedicated capital sales force that's within our orthopedic group that sells capital and that implants are being sold by our entire implant sales force. So that is now of course a much larger sales force than MAKO had initially. They all have gotten the same compensation plan starting April 1. So we didn't have that benefit in the first quarter. The training that Katherine alluded to in her section relates to training of the implant sales force on the benefits of MAKO, so they can be prepared to sell the implants that go with the robot. And of course going into 2015, those implants will include the Stryker implants and we will share more specifics on that at the Analyst Day.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So up to now, up until this quarter, we have been really holding our own very well in spine, growing at least at the high-end of the large multinational. So not the spine only companies. We have been actually holding our own and actually running a very good business from a top and bottomline standpoint. We have had some sales force disruptions that the market is incredibly aggressive out there. That obviously hurt us in the second quarter. This market is still a market that rewards innovation and we are seeing that already with the early response to CoAlign. So getting our pipeline back on track is really going to be critical to us to not only retain the sales force that we have but also to drive growth. So I would say it's going to take us a good part of this year to really get ourselves back on a strong footing. And then I really look forward to a much more optimistic 2015 in spine. But it's a tough market, certainly especially in the United States. Outside the U.S., it's frankly not nearly as competitive and the markets are lot more stable. Then getting back to your first question. I don't think I answered the last part of your first question around the hip. I would say, the recent hip software launch on MAKO is actually really good. So the software itself, the early iterations certainly had some challenges, but we now have actually a very nice software iteration. The issue for us is now getting our implants on to the robot. And as Katherine mentioned, we plan to do that in 2015.
Kevin Lobo: The elevator pitch is the same elevator pitch I gave at the academy. I honestly feel as bullish as I did then and now and obviously we have got integration, we have issues with our sales force getting them all of up-to-date but I would say the promise of robotic surgery is the same. Its precision, its reproducibility, its consistent results and we are seeing in terms of the knee in particular, which is much more challenging than hips, we see this as really having a tremendous potential and we are obviously in the midst of our trial right now on the total knee and anecdotally we have a certain amount of feedback around being able to do intraoperative adjustments. It just provides a much better solution to the procedure, which we know is a very complex procedure, which has high, high variability and not the same degree of patient satisfaction. So obviously, there's the link to improving patient satisfaction is a long link but we believe the surgeon experience will be a tremendous with that. So there is nothing thus far in terms of the integration that's caused me to feel any less optimistic. Mind you, this is going to take time. It takes time to sell the capital. It takes time to put the implants that we want the robot and we would be rolling that over a period of time. But I remain extremely bullish on the opportunity long-term.
Kevin Lobo: Inversions are, obviously, in the news a lot lately, but from an overall perspective, we think we have made some very good progress on our RHQ structure related activities, which is primarily focused on the business itself and bringing the benefits of being able to grow our overall European business. But it does have some benefits to us within the tax side of the equation as well and we are very confident that we are going to be able to deliver on the results that we just talked about. Those results are on an ongoing basis. So we are continually focused and obviously minimizing our tax rate within that area and operating our of business as effectively as we can. We think we still have good opportunities in the future.
Kevin Lobo: Let me answer the last question first and I will go back to the first question. But from a growth rate perspective, keep in mind the organic growth rate that we are talking about excludes those acquisitions, with the exception now of Trauson is beginning to be included in our organic numbers, because that's an annualized acquisition. All the other recent acquisitions that we have are not in our current organic growth rate, but obviously should help improve our overall organic growth rate as we continue and move forward over the next number of years. From an overall perspective, on the margin rate side of the equation, I would say that our expectation for the rest of this year is still that the gross margins will probably be softer than they were last year throughout the rest of this year. However we are still expecting that our SG&A related activities will also run much better as well than they did last year. The biggest pressure on the margin rates right now is really price. The price impact was probably about not quite half of the total impact in that margin rate at this stage and we think the back half of this year, at least from a pricing perspective should be a little bit better than what the first half ran.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. Thanks, Bob. I think it really depends on the main reason for doing the transaction. As you know, some of the deals that been done have been done really largely for financial reasons. In those cases, I think those companies would probably, it's a cause for pause, if the main driver of the deal is financial. However if the deals are more strategically driven, I really don't see it having much of an impact at all until legislation is actually enacted and what we are seeing in the press is the likelihood of near-term legislation doesn't seem very probable. So again, I would bifurcate into two areas. Those that are very financially driven, I think those companies will pause a little bit. Those that really are strategically, that's a bigger part of the logic and then as an inversion as maybe icing, I think those will continue to be pursued.
Kevin Lobo: You know what, you just defined my expectations. Honestly, it is hard to predict, these new markets are hard to predict. And I keep waiting for the comps to start to catch up with us and the team keeps executing. So I will be honest. They are exceeding my expectations and I am really delighted with the results.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I would say we tend to estimate it around between 10% and 15%. We are certainly outperforming in the lower extremities. Obviously the upper extremities, shoulder has been a soft spot for us historically and we now have our reverse shoulder out, which we are very excited about. But that's an area we are playing catch-up in upper extremities. But obviously in the foot and ankle area, we are just having a great time so far and obviously the total, that was about the total ankle. We have been growing 30% pretty much quarter after quarter for a number of quarters without a total ankle and we believe we have got a fantastic total ankle through this acquisition. Of course we haven't closed yet but we will be closing soon, and we really believe that's a perfect solution for us and frankly gives us access to a lot of us the surgeons that we haven't had access to the fellowship trained foot and ankle surgeons. We have been kind of on the sidelines. So it really does give us a shot in the arm.
Kevin Lobo: Certainly for the lower extremities, foot and ankle, we may add a rep here or there, but we don't need a radical change. We have a really well organized footprint a couple of years ago when we decided to create a dedicated sales force calling on the podiatric surgeon, that we have the right numbers, more or less. Again we may add a few reps here or there to fill out certain areas, but I wouldn't expect anything significant from a sales force investment standpoint. This is just getting great products and plugging it right in to our existing sales force.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. I would just like to add. We have an absolutely outstanding management team in neurovascular and you have seen our R&D spending, as a company, has certainly ticked up. Part of the reason for that uptick is spending that we have done in neurovascular, which is clearly yielding benefits and we still have a robust pipeline beyond the products that Katherine alluded to that we had already launched. So we feel very, very bullish about this business going forward.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So firstly on pricing. It's not a new trend. It's been a consistent trend where pricing is worse in the U.S. than it is globally, kind of down in the mid-single-digit range and globally, maybe low single-digit or more stable pricing. Our challenge in spine really is, that our position in MIS segments, and clearly the CoAlign acquisition was one step to help plug some of that gap. We were really well represented in broad-based in the scoliosis procedures, pedicle screws, the standard spinal fusion products. We are very well represented but in MIS areas, we have been launching a series of new products over the last 18 months. We have more products to come but those won't be launched before the end of this year. So it will have more of an impact in 2015. So I would continue to expect that either through internal innovation or through potential acquisitions that that's an area that we will be focused on, growing our presence in MIS portion of spine. And frankly, that's what caused us some of our challenges.
Kevin Lobo: You know that our organization, the way we are structured, is we have business development people in each of our division. So they are always scouring the market and constantly looking at targets. We are not stopping that activity. That doesn't predict that we will do a certain number of deals, but the ongoing activity doesn't stop. Whether a division is ready to absorb another one is obviously one of the factors that will be considered, but we have so many divisions within the company that we can take on multiple deals at one time.
Kevin Lobo: And really in the second quarter, it was more on a limited launch basis, with a certain set of surgeons. The full launch will really occur sometime by the end of the third quarter.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I think the only example of trauma that you highlight is actually good example because their size and strength would simply certainly isn't slowing us down and our ability to grow. If you look at our growth over the last eight quarters, being number two hasn't really been a problem for us. We are growing at a very robust rate. So the key is you want to be one of the leaders in a segment and we like to be very strong in orthopedics and it narrows service line of hospitals, especially in surgery. We want to make sure we have very strong position or a path to be in a strong position. So you know our portfolio, you know within some of our portfolio, we don't have a number one or two position, and in those areas you can imagine that we are going to want to get to that kind of position over a period of time, whether it is through internal innovation. Trauma is a story of around internal innovation, largely, but one small acquisition of Memometal for the most part internally, we pulled away from the pack five years ago. Synthes was the dominant number one and then everybody else was tied for two, and we completely pulled away from the pack and we did that internally. Sometimes we will have to do it through acquisitions, and we are not going to disclose which of the approaches we will use in those segments where we are lower but for the most part, most of our portfolio, we feel that we are punching at our weight and we are really in a strong position to compete. In the case of hips and knees, we obviously felt that robotics was going to be a really key lever for us to drive above market growth. That may be different in other spaces where we might choose to do an acquisition just to increase our scale. But we have very few areas where we are really at a distant gap from the leaders and in those segments you can imagine that we will be active.
Kevin Lobo: I would say absolutely, you are right on with the guarantees. That's the big reason that we are having some sales force departures, are very large guarantees, and frankly it's coming from multiple players. So it's not just smaller spine only. It's even some of the other players. So that hit us in towards the middle to end of the first quarter and that had more of an impact in the second quarter. It's a tough market. It's not a new tough market. It has been a tough market for a long time. It will continue to be a tough market and we are just to make sure that we stay focused. We made some adds to our leadership team that I feel really positive about and I think will be in good shape going forward.
Kevin Lobo: So I would say, a couple things. As you look toward the back half of this year, we still feel very good about what type of improvements that you should see from an SG&A perspective year-over-year. So you should continue to see nice improvements there. And I think that from an overall perspective, especially if we can continue to drive above market growth, which we are doing on a number of different product related categories, that obviously helps us to continue to leverage that space and I think you should expect that as we are moving forward. From an overall perspective on the tax comment that we made, I think it's more of an awareness that one, we are expecting some nice improvements from the tax rate side of the equation and our expectation is that we are going to be spending some of that as we move forward but I think that's more of wait and see related response based on how well the business is doing and what type of areas that we think that would like to invest in and I think you will get more color on that as we move through the back half of this year.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I would say, that we have made very good progress in the tax area to begin with. This project is just another big step associated with that and the improvements that we are expecting to get over the next couple of years, we are obviously still driving to maximize that level and it will take us kind of a couple of years to truly get the full benefit associated with even the projects that we are currently working on. Moving forward, beyond that, obviously while our efforts will be strong in that area, there is also many, many pressures around the world through a number of different jurisdictions and trying to increase different tax revenue in different areas. So that's a challenging environment, but I think that we are well positioned and I think we still have a lot of good opportunities.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So first thing I would say is, if you look at the total joint replacement in general, the ankle is one of the late bloomers. So you have knees and hips and shoulders and it took time before it really started to get traction before the growth really kicked in and a lot of people predicted the total ankle would take a much, much larger percentage of the procedures which today, as you know, is mostly fusion. People predicted that five, six, seven years ago. We now really see the market starting to be primed for a take off. Now predicting these take offs, as we have proven with our own foot and ankle, those other products, is not easy to predict when it will take off and what pace of take off. But we really believe that this is like the early stages of hips and knees. That's kind of what's been happening in the total ankle market. We believe the market is really primed to start to improve. This is the most published ankle on the market. It has tremendous data. So the anecdotes, as you hear a lot of the anecdotes at least from our point of view, it really relates to the sales force execution and the service and we really believe we are getting a fantastic product out there. It's the most published by far. The data is long-term in nature and very, very solid. You always hear anecdotes about different products. A lot of times, our competitors are the ones that will throw those anecdotes around and so we are not worried about it. We have done our due diligence. Believe me, we have known we have a gap in total ankle for some time and we have been very deliberative about making sure we make the right choice. We believe we made the right choice and having a cementless PMA approved total ankle, we believe, is a real competitive advantage and now putting it in our sales force's hands will change the story in terms of the growth trajectory that's currently being pursued in the market.
Kevin Lobo: So the characterization that we did a lot of acquisitions to diversify away from recon, certainly since I have been the CEO, it's really about strengthening our businesses. Strengthening our businesses within orthopedics, within neuro and within specialty surgery. And I am really agnostic about how we strengthen those businesses. So MAKO is a deal that's absolutely within reconstructive. Trauson is a deal that's a orthopedic deal. Then we have done deals that are outside in endoscopy and in another division. So I would say, certainly I wouldn't want anybody to think that our focus on acquisitions is to diversify away from. It's really to strengthen all of our existing businesses. Certainly, this consolidation within recon is something that we have been anticipating. It's not a big surprise, the Zimmer, Biomet, that that would happen. Having five competitors in a market that's not growing close to double digits normally would lead to some form of consolidation. So it's not totally surprising. The market has been pretty well disciplined thus far and we expect that that will add extra discipline to that. And I think that's about all that I would say on that.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. We feel really excited about the prospects within China, because certainly regardless of what happens with China's overall GDP, the healthcare market in China will be very healthy for the future and there's significant growth to be had both within the premium segment as well as in the value segment. Local players will continue to pop up in the lower-priced segment, but to have a well-rounded and very, very diverse product bag is critical. A lot of the business happens through tenders and to be able to win the tender, you need a strong brand, a strong local brand, which we have with Trauson, that has very, very broad product portfolio and registration times are not easy. The reason we moved towards acquisition was, we could have done it ourselves, it would have taken us six or seven years and we probably wouldn't have had products at lower price with the kind of heritage that we were able to get through the acquisition. So we really believe it has a long runway in front of us. Ramesh Subrahmanian, our Group President for International is going to do a deep dive on China at the Analyst Day Meeting and really our biggest opportunity, certainly in the next couple of years beyond China is taking Trauson to other countries which we are starting to do this year and which we will share more in the future, but there is markets like India that have big trauma markets where we don't even play in today. We are planning to launch into Trauson in 2015 in India and many other emerging markets where we have trauma markets where Stryker has not historically played. To us, that's a very, very significant growth potential for the long-term.
Kevin Lobo: Well, they are obviously never over because the exchange rates are always moving, right. So the hedging program is really just meant to mitigate that risk. It just buffers the impact with between quarters and try to smooth those increases, all right. It doesn't avoid the increases. So as those increases change over time, obviously that's an impact that occurs over time. Should you at least eliminate the peaks and the valleys associated with those movements, absolutely. The full program will probably be in place by probably mid-year, next year where we have got full six layer hedges consistently in place moving forward from that point.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I will go back to all of the comments we have made around the rationale for doing the deal is you deliver a delightful experience for the surgeon. The surgeon is able to produce consistent placement of the implant intraoperative adjustments and once they have that experience and we believe again the total knee will be the most promising. Certainly a bicruciate sparing knees becomes a big part of the market. We believe robotics will play beautifully into that. But it will be one of those situations, just like what happened with in the Uni market, where MAKO was able to take almost 20% share within a four year period. Once a surgeon does it robotically and has a delightful experience, they are not going back. So we will be the only game in town. So for us, it's a very differentiated approach that provides a meaningful benefit. A lot of those benefits, we believe, over time we are going to have to prove it with certain clinical trials, which we will be doing, but a lot of it's intuitive and obvious. It makes this procedure easier to do. It makes it more consistent. It makes it more reproducible and certainly once we put the Stryker implants with the robot, we have done a lot of research before we did the acquisition and surgeons were very interest in robotics. If you look at our manufacturing plants, you walk through Stryker's manufacturing plants, you see robots everywhere. And why is that? Well, robots can produce cleaner, more consistent results. It's just undeniable. And therefore we really believe bringing this to surgery is a logical extension and MAKO proved it already once with the Uni and we are going to now have to prove it in other procedures. And we feel very optimistic about being able to do so.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, sure. So, the way it works for robotic procedures, is you have a technician that helps operate the robot and that technician is not a regular commissioned sales person. So they are paid at a much different price point than our typical commissioned salesperson. And once the surgeon is converted and actually does their procedures robotically, you don't really need that commissioned sales force person to be there all the time. They can go off and cover additional surgeons and go cover additional hospitals. So over time, with the adoption of robotics, if it grows in the trend line that we expect, you would assume that the average cost of people that are in the field will go down over time. It doesn't mean we are paying our reps less. Our reps will still be paid as high powered reps that are gaining business, but the actual people who are technically there to help manage the case are paid at a much lower rate. And today there is one price model. The rep, whether it's a rep servicing an accounts or whether they are selling, they are paid the same today. With robotics, we are going to enable a bit of a bifurcation of the model to case coverage people who are technicians, who are paid at a lower rate and sales force who are paid for selling at a higher rate.
Kevin Lobo: Well, as I said before, you are going to have two different kinds of people. You are going to have this commission sales force for selling and paid at a high price and the technicians who are a lower price, but there be less need if we gain tremendous volume, there will be less need for high-priced commission reps to just service accounts. They will be out selling. So I really believe that will give us better productivity with our commercial resources.
Kevin Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. As you know it took a little longer this call and really part of the reason for that was to provide extra color on the acquisitions. We have been very busy on the acquisition front and we plan to provide additional perspectives on acquisitions every quarter. So thank you all for joining the call. Our conference call for the third quarter of 2014 results will be held on October 16. Thank you
Katherine Owen: Yes, and you are correct. We are receiving some sales force or some sales dis-synergy as we integrated into our business and there was clearly some distraction they had as we were working through this transaction. It really is a playbook as we saw with Memometal and other deals where we take great products and this is a terrific upper extremity portfolio really led by the STAR ankle, which is a meaningful gap in our foot and ankle portfolio and leveraging our considerable sales and marketing infrastructure, the demonstrated strength of the hybrid sales channel that we have that really allows us to touch base with all the various surgical specialists that participate in this market segment. So we really think we can reverse this trend with a tremendous amount of momentum as you are seeing right now in extremities and foot and ankle and adding this key gap to the portfolio and also further broadening out our upper extremity offerings. We feel very confident about the ability to return momentum there, which is why we are targeting that north of 20% CAGR for this segment.
Katherine Owen: Rick, I will take the first part. I would say whether its hips or knees, we are continuing to see a market that's very stable. We did see sequential improvement in our business as you would anticipate given the challenges that existed for the industry mainly due to weather in the first quarter, but overall the market trends are very stable. We did have contribution from MAKO but even excluding that, our underlying growth in both hips and knees was solid. So we are pleased with the performance of those business. We did comment that pricing has gotten incrementally tougher which is behind the total pricing being down at the high end of our anticipated range. But that really doesn't reflect any significant changes in the market. It's much more of a function of the timing of product launches, where we are, for example, with Accolade II and that impacts that pricing from quarter to quarter. So I wouldn't view that as some type of fundamental change in the market, which we continue to view both segments as very stable.
Katherine Owen: And then you made the comment. We did have the price cuts in Japan which was part of the pressure on that business and as well as Kevin noted the ERP implementation. So those have been two of the more noteworthy challenges for that business.
Katherine Owen: And then, Bob, just in terms of your question, we will give our guidance in January. So it would be premature for us to comment regarding what the consensus expectations are. But you are correct. You should view the $0.05 to $0.08 that we referenced as being incremental to the normal targets that we will set out at the start of the year.
Katherine Owen: Yes. I would just go back to our prior comments. The market feels very stable. We obviously don't have the benefit of everybody having reported results right now. But for us, we are very pleased with the sequential improvement. And we are happy also with making progress on MAKO. So both underlying and with MAKO, we are seeing improving trends. I wouldn't say we have seen an acceleration in the underlying average growth for the recon market. It feels very much like a market that's been growing at fairly consistent rates, recognizing we have the variability between Q4 and Q1 that exists.
Katherine Owen: And Joanne, just maybe a little bit more color commentary. We talked about the sequential improvement in MAKO going to fix placements in the quarter. You should assume that's going to accelerate in the back half of the year as we train the remaining 80% of our reps on the technology and that's part of what is driving the accelerated revenue expectations. Also try to give some color on some of the key data points, whether its new contracts we have added or expanding our customer base with some of the other acquisitions, recognizing the revenue contribution there is certainly lower. So we tend to focus on organic growth since it really is the best indicator of our underlying gains but there is clearly an expectation for an acceleration in the contribution from the acquisitions with the exception of SBi given the dis-synergies we noted in 2014.
Katherine Owen: We do have a hybrid model and we also have distributors as well as direct agents and that model has worked very well between our trauma, our reconstructive hybrid reps and our dedicated foot and ankle reps. Over time, we will look to possibly reevaluate the approach in upper extremities and it's possible but at this point as we analyze all the call points we have and the breadth of the various aspects of our selling organization, we think we are pretty well covered. So we don't believe we need to set up another dedicated sales force given the moves we have already made on that front.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Derrick. I would tell you right now, that the capital environment still remains pretty stable. And by that, I mean it's still challenged as it relates some of the prioritization that our hospital customers do. And this is most relevant for our medical business which is 90% plus capital. We did report 3% growth. So it remains stable and we are pleased with the performance on a relative basis, but I wouldn't tell you we have seen any change in underlying capital demands on a high level as it relates to whether it's from ACA. That said, we are seeing very solid growth with our 1488 camera and have strong double-digit gains there and as well as System 7. So all capital is not the same, but as your comments are really towards the bigger tick at capital, I would say it's stable but no signs of an acceleration or increased investments by hospitals there.
Katherine Owen: Yes. Thanks for the question, and you could imagine, we do a lot of analysis as we see how pricing trends are changing and it's clearly in the range of 1.5% to 2% but it's at the high-end and obviously if we think this is indicative of a fundamental change in the pricing environment, it's going to require us to think about things differently. So we really go into the next level of analysis and see the impact of the timing of product launches, expected product launches going forward and we feel very confident that what we are seeing is the normal quarter-to-quarter variation that occurs. We get price premium when we launch something like Accolade II, which had a very nice ramp up. But we have anniversaried that. So it would start to see the impact on pricing as a result of that. So all of that analysis that we do throughout the quarter, leads us to believe that this is consistent with the normal quarter-to-quarter variability that can exist. We tend to look over a rolling four quarters, because that gives you the best sense of the underlying trends but we don't think we have seen some fundamental change in the pricing environment that suggest we are going to see a significant step down in recon pricing.
Katherine Owen: Sure. If I focus on the neurovascular part, because that's clearly the biggest piece of the overall neurotech business. We continue to be really pleased. We participate in both the hemorrhagic and ischemic segment. Although hemorrhagic is really the revenue growth driver and it's really the target line that continues to-date additional share in each geographic region. We have added four line extensions since the original launch of the Target coil a few years back and that still is the bulk of the neurovascular market, upwards of 40% and we have absolutely taken meaningful market share year-over-year in the coil market. We are also launching into new geographies with the product lineup, whether it's the Target XL which is the larger size or the Target Nano, which we are introducing into the Japanese market. So it's really continuing to execute on that plan. The ischemic segment, it does take more investment to help develop that market and make sure you are getting patients to the right mode of care and it's really an emerging market, very much so, as it relates to the mechanical-based treatment of stroke segment. But we are very excited about the longer-term prospects. So we are going to continue with that playbook. I am just very pleased with the pace of product rollout and our ability to continue to launch them into new geographies.
Katherine Owen: We would tell you that our BD activity ebbs and flows. There have been periods, if you go back a couple of years, where we did one transaction in the entire year despite having dedicated BD people in every one of our division. So it's impossible to time. We are focused on BD. We have it throughout the organization and we will probably have periods where a lot happens all at once, because that's just the nature of BD. But there is no change in the underlying strategy. M&A, for us, is the use of cash, dividends and buybacks.
Katherine Owen: We launched the reverse shoulder during Q2 and really going into Q3 as we start to get it out there. It's a different market than the other extremity areas, foot and ankle, for example, that is very much a market expansion segment. So we are seeing growth as we gain share, but also just the overall expansion of that market. That's not the case for shoulder. You have got more established players there and a much lower underlying growth, but it was a key gap in our portfolio. It was very difficult to go in without having the full product offering that a surgeon may need and you have only got one option for them. So we are excited about the ability to introduce that product to our hybrid reconstructive sales force, but I would have more tempered expectations, just given the nature of the market and the establishment of existing players.
Katherine Owen: Yes, you correct. It's incremental information. We really tried to say that as we get better clarity, we will share information with you. So at this point, we do feel comfortable that we will be launching, Stryker hip on the MAKO system in 2015. We will probably get into more specifics at the Analyst Meeting, and regarding specific hip systems. The knee system, there is no change. The trial is underway. We continue to expect to launch a total knee on the MAKO in 2015. We haven't got any more specific on the timing of that yet. The trial is being done with the pipeline knee that was MAKO's knee system. We do believe there is a regulatory path that may not require a completely new trial to bring our own knee systems on to the MAKO robot in 2015. But I would say, the probability of that is less than pipeline which is the knee being used in the trial. So new information on hips, more details to come in September and no change to our thinking on knees.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I would say, we did the commission rate cut for our recon sales forces in the U.S. at the start of the first quarter. We intend to do rate adjustment every few years. So it would have been three, four years since the last time. We recognize that we were above markets. So we moved in more line with the market and structured it to have a greater focus on growth. And that was one of the factors that we talked about the first quarter call that led to some of the softness on the recon business. It's clearly part of what's helping to drive the SG&A leverage. It's not all of it, but it's clearly a component of it. The rest of our businesses, MedSurg's does commission rate adjustments as well. They tend to do it more on an incremental basis, more frequently. Each of the businesses have their own approach to it. And there has been really no change that in fact was felt in some of the disruption around. It really was a first quarter effect.
