Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will focus on our planned acquisition of Surpass Medical, which further broadens our presence in the neurovascular market and reflects our commitment to delivering complete stroke care. Specifically, yesterday we announced the definitive agreement to acquire privately held Surpass in an all-cash transaction for $100 million and up to an additional $35 million of milestone payments. By way of background, Surpass was founded in 2005 with a focus on developing and commercializing next-generation flow diversion stent technology to treat brain aneurysms. Surpass' key product, the NeuroEndoGraft family of flow diverters, is designed to redirect blood flow away from an aneurysm using a unique mesh design and delivery system, allowing a stable clot to be formed within the aneurysm pouch. With this acquisition, we are continuing with our M&A strategy, which is focused on our core and key adjacent markets. Recall that in early 2011, we acquired Boston Scientific's market-leading Neurovascular business, which significantly broadened our limited presence on the neurosurgery market, with a focus on the hemorrhagic stroke segment. In October of last year, we entered the ischemic stroke segment with the acquisition of Concentric Medical, which in August received 510(K) clearance of its latest generation Trevo stent retriever system with commercial launch now well underway. Surpass should enable us to further build on our global product offering and leverage our considerable sales and distribution infrastructure. We believe gaining access to the fast-growing and highly innovative flow-diverting stent market is an important component in our strategy to offer our customers complete stroke care. With the NeuroEndoGraft, we will be able to treat large and giant unruptured intracranial aneurysms, and provide physicians with another option to complement our market-leading portfolio of coils. The NeuroEndoGraft is CE Marked with a limited launch underway outside U.S. In addition, Surpass will begin enrolling patients in an IDE clinical trial in the fourth quarter of this year. Overall, we are excited about the opportunity to use the strength of our balance sheet to continue to make targeted acquisitions that we believe will help drive accelerating core revenue growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dean.
Katherine A. Owen: Mike, I'm going to assume it's good to hear my voice too, but I’ll just -- maybe I'll just start with a couple of specifics and then I'll hand it over -- Kevin can take the European component. The Instruments piece, I would highlight we're continuing to see really nice growth for our System 7 heavy-duty power tool. The capital component there was a trend similar to the second quarter, it was up over 25%, but we were impacted by Neptune in the quarter, which reduced revenues associated with that recall by about $8 million in the third quarter, and we'll see another impact again here in the fourth quarter. And then on the endo piece, which also has about 40% of their revenue tied to capital, there wasn't -- we did launch the 1488 Camera late in the third quarter. That launch is underway. We did have some, I would call it relatively minor technical issues that we typically see manifest as volumes start to ramp. Those have been resolved. And given some of the improvements associated with that camera relative to the prior generation, we would expect to see accelerating growth there. But those were 2 of the out-of-the-norm of factors that did impact instruments in endo, specifically in the U.S.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Kristen, I -- just to make sure we're clear on, for next year, although we're not giving top line guidance, what we're indicating around the bottom line and how it would be affected by the top line is, don't anticipate any real change relative. Right now we're at 2.5% to 4% full year targets for 2012. And I don't think anybody should anticipate anything meaningfully different from that when we do set our top line guidance next year. And that does assume that Europe, as Kevin mentioned, is going to take a little bit of time for us to turn that around and get back at, to the very least, market growth. While other segments of the business have been performing well, as we mentioned with exception of Medical, we saw positive growth for every one of our U.S. franchises. We got nice product launches underway for Neurovascular and some ones pending there as well. And then we also would assume that the 1488 Camera in the Endoscopy division starts to see better traction as we've worked through some of the initial glitches. But don't assume -- what we're trying to say is, the top line growth expectations we have, are going to be somewhat similar to what we're experiencing in 2012.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, thanks, Matt. So as it relates to the 1488 Camera and the issues we saw, those have largely now been resolved. Now as I mentioned, we've got some great improvements with this camera. The image is 52% brighter, there's 33% more lines of visualization. So the image here is terrific, and we've normally seen, when we launch a brand-new camera, these early glitches that honestly, are just not readily apparent until you get them out in the field and the volumes ramp. So that issue has been resolved, and we would expect to see the normal pattern as it relates to the ramp-up for a new camera. Within Instruments, you're aware we have the Neptune recall, and that will take us some time as we work through with the FDA to resolve that issue, and that will impact a portion of their capital business, probably about $25 million revenue impact in the fourth quarter, and we would expect to have that 510(K) clearance sometime in 2013. So those are some very product-specific issues that we can put our arms roughly around a time frame for resolution. The other component, as it relates to Medical on both a U.S. and a global basis. And it's not that we're seeing a return to what happened in '09, where we saw significant percent of hospitals go into either a frost or a freeze mode, but we are seeing capital decisions take longer. They are being scrutinized more heavily and are requiring more approvals within a hospital. We're also seeing smaller hospital capital budgets, and also some anecdotal evidence of continued focus on IT spending, which we had highlighted earlier in the year. That segment is probably the one that's the most difficult to predict and is part of our more cautious stance as it relates to the top line. So whether or not that gets resolved in a quarter or 2 or lingers into 2013, I think it's just an uncertainty right now.
Katherine A. Owen: It's -- a lot of this has to do with the hospitals are finding themselves concerned about reimbursement cuts and their overall financial health as healthcare reform plays out. And that's still a black box for a lot of us. So until we see some of the impact of the Affordable Care Act, we are seeing some more cautious stance by our hospital customers.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. We're not going to get into specifics in terms of the components of top line growth for next year and we're not really giving a specific guidance, other than to say it's probably not that dissimilar for this year. We are seeing some good momentum in the U.S. on the knee side. A lot of that is tied to our GetAroundKnee campaign. And we indicated we'll continue to evaluate whether we'll maintain that program depending on the traction we're seeing. But right now, we're pretty pleased with the early uptake. And on the hip side, we also see some pretty good momentum, recognizing the difficult comps we saw this quarter and also adjusting for one less selling day. I think we are seeing more normalized growth rates as the market starts to get back to something that approximate underlying growth in that mid-single -- low to mid-single digits range and there's no real reason we would expect a big change next year, nor are we expecting a bolus of patient to represent. But beyond that, I'm not going to get into too many specifics about the key segments and what the assumptions are behind 2013 growth.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. We're working with the FDA right now regarding the 510(K) clearance requirements and I would assume, right now, it's difficult to predict with the FDA exact timing, but we would say sometime in 2013. I apologize; I did say $25 million for the fourth quarter, that's the full H2 effect. So you're looking around $8 million in the third quarter and something closer to $16 million or so revenue impact in the fourth quarter. And that would fall within the Instruments line.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, David. Actually, our coil business has been growing above market and that has been driven by the launch of our new Target coil, which we've seen some great uptake and then we followed it on with the nanocoils. So in terms of our market share gains, we've been above market. But at the same time, the coil market has been impacted by the launch of competitive flow diversion stents, which are probably around 15% of that total coil market. Some of that is new procedures, some of that does help coils, but there is also some cannibalization. So really pleased with the uptake for the coils, but this was an important part of component to fully round out our bag, and really allow us to demonstrate that commitment to having a full bag that addresses both hemorrhagic and ischemic.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. We haven't seen any really meaningful change, and I've read some of the commentary about PODs. They're obviously still there and we still see some surgeons switching over, but there's been no meaningful change in either the push-back from payers who are looking for more clinical data or the impact we've seen from PODs. So from our perspective, the market's been relatively unchanged versus what we saw in the prior quarter and that includes negative pricing pressure. We are benefiting from the broadened bag that we realized with the 2011 acquisition of Orthovita and getting a biologic there and some of the pull-through we've been able to realize, but I wouldn't say we've seen a meaningful change in the backdrop in the spine market.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Joanne, we break out the pricing as it relates to the 3 main business segments: Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotech & Spine. And that detail is in the press release. We don't specifically break out hip and knee pricing, and it is still net-net negative, but we have been seeing a modestly improving trend with a nice mix component, particularly on the hip side. So net-net, still modestly negative, but consistent with some of the general area that we've been in.
Katherine A. Owen: Well, the big surprise really was specific or more highlighted towards some of our International businesses, as well as some of our more capital-intensive business, where we expected a stronger acceleration in growth than we realized. And I think we'd point back to some of that as the markets, clearly, as we've seen in the news, the European markets remain challenged, but also some of that is clearly Stryker-specific. So call it 50-50, half market, half us.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I would -- just some comments from here, and as you know, our capital allocation has really been focused on using our cash for M&A as evidenced by the most recent deal with Surpass, announced yesterday, buybacks and dividends. And really, if you look back, since 2009, we've announced 10 acquisitions and that includes Surpass. We've also have been investing significantly in our dividend. It's grown at a compound rate of roughly 40% since 2006. And since '08, we've repurchased roughly 2 billion of shares. So we like this balanced approach to capital allocation and we're really not trying to signal a reset here as it relates to that. There may be more or less of one in any given quarter, recognizing that we've been increasing the dividend rate at a fairly consistent clip above the level of earnings growth.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I'm not sure we can necessarily triangulate some of the objectives we've set out with Neurovascular to some of the action plans that we have underway. In Europe, Neurovascular was really tied to some product launches and some other initiatives. I think at this point as we alluded to in our commentary, this is a very big priority for us both in accelerating the top line and addressing the cost structure, that we're not going to resolve in a quarter or 2. I think right now, especially given the state of flux in some of those European market, it's probably a little bit premature to start pinpointing exactly when we would expect to be back to that level of market growth or exactly what level of growth would look like in 2014.
Katherine A. Owen: Our premise were really intended to indicate that we weren't seeing a really meaningful change as it's related to the overall market, either from the impact of PODs or some of the pushback that we were seeing from payers.
Katherine A. Owen: Core Spine, modestly better, but honestly, it's not enough that we would signal a real change in the trend. We have been seeing some very good growth in some of our more interventional-based spine products in our Neuro, Spine, ENT. It's more that core Spine business that, on the margin, a little bit better, but not enough to talk about a reversal of trends or really being out there doing something dramatically ahead of market growth.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, when we gave the guidance range of 2.5% to 4%, which is underlying growth. In the fourth quarter, in terms of extra selling day, we have 1 extra selling day, so that will, obviously, impact the math as it relates to the core growth. And on an adjusted basis, on adjusted daily sales basis, we were very pleased with our U.S. performance. As we mentioned the exception of Medical, every franchise was in positive territory. The comments that related to not seeing as much of an acceleration in the month of September was more specific to certain International geographies and some of our more capital-intensive businesses. And I would just note, those capital businesses tend to have less of an impact as it relates to an adjusted average daily sales, just given the nature of those products.
Katherine A. Owen: No. I would just note that the medical base outside the U.S. is small, so you are seeing the impact from just a lot of small numbers. The comments we made about pressure on capital budget, that's really not just specific to the U.S. It's a global comment.
Katherine A. Owen: No. Within Instruments, they had a great performance again this quarter with the System 7 power tool that we've launched late last year. We had another quarter where the heavy-duty power tool capital component in the third quarter was up over 25%, that's consistent with the levels we saw in the second quarter. It really is indicative of the benefits of that new product offering. Remember, we have got 30 years of innovation history in power tools. This has a smaller battery, lighter weight, and some other terrific performance features that are -- we're really able to leverage to a considerably vast sales and distribution presence. So very pleased with that, but the issues with Neptune did mask some of that growth as it adversely impacted total Instruments, but we feel really good about the rollout and the traction Instruments are seeing with the power tools.
Katherine A. Owen: No, I wouldn't say that's what we're anticipating. Our fourth quarter sales tend to be heaviest for capital, that's just reflective of the nature of hospital capital budgets and that's a trend we see regardless of what's going on with the broader government actions and the tax, but we're not anticipating any real change associated with that.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I would point to some of our prior comments that are associated with some of the acquisitions that we've made and the investments in our GQ [ph] and our own quality overall. So those are 2 big buckets. Recall that we have done 10 deals, if you include Surpass, 9, obviously, excluding that since 2009. We've had to make investments as we look to transition those to our quality systems and some of that has impacted the gross margin line. And we've also talked about initiatives underway through Looney Carpenter and his broader organization in Global Quality and Ops that we anticipate will drive about $500 million of cost savings between '12 and 2017, but we've had to make investments there and that has impacted the quarter in some periods, gross margin, in some periods, we've opted to make those investments. So those are probably 2 of the big factors, along with the normal noise you hear with foreign-currency, et cetera.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, Mike, and certainly you're right, this is a -- certainly a challenging quarter in some respects, certainly a lot of other businesses were very healthy. As we mentioned, the U.S. businesses were very healthy. Last quarter, we talked about challenges in Europe and Japan. Those challenges continued in the third quarter. And we're seeing capital slowdowns occurring really, all over the world. So we really have a challenge in Europe that we have to address. We normally see September as a month where the sales will pick up. Even in Medical here in the U.S., we didn't see the kind of pickup we were anticipating. And certainly, in Europe, the normal pickup that we would have, that we had factored into our projections did not materialize. And so we're now assuming that this is a new normal, at least for the next little while. And that's the reason for our adjustment to the guidance for both 2012 and 2013.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, thanks. Well first of all, I feel honored to be leading this great company. And let me start by saying that Stryker has a bright future, which we were able to share with many of you at the Analyst Meeting, the recent Analyst Meeting. Regarding our strategy, you should not expect significant changes to our overall strategy, which focuses on quality, innovation and cost, as well as a balanced approach to capital allocation. However, as mentioned in the Q3 results, we need to be much more aggressive in certain areas such as the European turnaround. And you can rest assured that focus on International is something that we will continue to drive, particularly in the emerging markets which we shared with you back in September. So I would say that the strategy's going to continue to evolve, but I would not be expecting any major shifts in our strategy.
Kevin A. Lobo: Okay, thanks, Bob. What I would say is we pass in the second quarter, we experienced mid-single-digit declines in our sales in Europe. And I would say that it's a combination of the market being difficult, as well as our own problems, particularly in Southern Europe and also in Germany. So we have new management that's underway with a very clear plan going forward as we mentioned recently in September. This is something that's going to take multiple quarters before it gets fixed. It won't be resolved in one quarter. But I would say it's probably split evenly between market challenges and we are clearly losing some market share in Europe and as I had mentioned before, it's job one, is to get the European turnaround going.
Kevin A. Lobo: No, it stayed the same. It did not improve. We were anticipating some level of improvement; it did not improve. It was at same level as Q2.
Kevin A. Lobo: Just to address your first question, we are not giving specific guidance right now related to 2013 sales. We'll be doing that in January, as we customarily do. But you could assume that there won't be a significant change in our sales growth versus what we're experiencing right now.
Kevin A. Lobo: I would say, right off the top that, that these ranges do not include any meaningful change in share buybacks. So the reason for the range really has to do with the uncertainty in the market conditions, both in Europe and with capital equipment, globally. So if we look at 9% to 12% before the excise tax, that's a pretty meaningful degree of earnings leverage if you consider Katherine's previous comment regarding what type of sales you should be expecting. With the mix of businesses that we have within Stryker, and the mix of geographies, the puts and takes between each one, I'm not really going to really speculate right now, but suffice to say that when we look at the overall landscape, we expect the growth rate in that, if you say, roughly around the 4% range, and you consider EPS growth in the 9% to 12% before the device tax, that's a significant degree of leverage, but it's not pushing us past the point where we'd start to compromise long-term investments. So I prefer to sort of keep at the macro level, because there always are moving parts in our businesses, and if we start narrowing it down, it'll kind of lose the picture.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So what I'd say is, you have to remember that, especially the U.S., we've been the leading growth company in the hip business for probably 7 or 8 quarters. So if you look at our comps versus our competition, we had much more difficult comps this quarter for Hips. Certainly, it was a modest impact related to -- switching for a customer is always a little bit challenging. The majority of our customers had switched to one of our other stems, a nonmodular stem. We have had a couple of customers express concern. There certainly was a bit of disruption from their day-to-day activity of surgery as they had to contact patients and receive calls. So it was a quarter that had a modest impact, but I would say the bigger issue was really the comps. And certainly, our customers have continued to be pretty loyal, and we've been able to ship, for the most part, all of our customers to other stems within our portfolio.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well yes, let me just go back and say of the 3 factors that really affect the growth rate that you're looking at, I would say that the -- if you look at the first impact, it's really just one less day. So it does make a difference if you look at the average daily sales rate, we had one less day in the quarter, that's probably the biggest, or at least one of the biggest impacts. The second impact, which we'd mentioned earlier in our statements was the comps, and I think that probably is the biggest item. And then the last one is the modular impact. Because you're right, it's not a huge percent of our sales, but it did cause some disruption at the customer interface. But we had very, very strong comps in the prior quarter. We had one less day. So if you look at our Knee business, as well, with one less day, you can see that, that was very strong performance. But certainly we are not concerned about our hip business. Our Accolade II stem is launched and is gaining traction. So we really feel very good about our hip business and it's been a run that we've been in on quite some time. It is a little bit of a dip in the overall growth rate, but not something that we're concerned with.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, Europe, we have 2 problems, right? So with the first problem we have is a top line problem, where we're not going as fast as the market. It's obviously a different market, but we're not growing as fast as the market. So we really need to address Southern Europe and as I mentioned in Germany, we're looking at different distribution approaches there. It's not something I'm really ready to comment on just yet. But the team has a very active action plan related to recovery on the top line. And the secondary we have to look at is our cost structure. So obviously, in the light of this changing marketplace, we're going to be taking more aggressive action related to back office and other areas in Europe. So those -- it's a two-pronged strategy as I mentioned, I think twice already. It’s the #1 focus is really getting Europe turned around. At this point, I'm not really ready to go into more specifics regarding that.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, if you look at the degree of leverage, clearly, the sales expectations are now below what we were initially planning on. And the degree of leverage that we talked before device tax of 9% to 12% earnings growth off of a lower sales base of, let's say, in that kind of 4% range, that's a healthy degree of leverage. If we push the leverage beyond that, then we're going to be looking at curtailing investments. And there are a very robust pipeline of R&D investments that I'm really not wanting to compromise. We're continuing to invest in some dedicated sales forces in fast-growing markets. I'll give you one example, our foot and ankle business unit in the United States grew 27% in the third quarter. It was part of that contributor to the great trauma and extremities results in the U.S. So we have very, very fast-growing business that we need to continue to feed. And even outside the U.S., if you look at emerging markets, we continue to have robust growth. And as we mentioned in the Analyst Call in September, we plan to increase those investments in 2013. So being able to make key investments while still delivering a leveraged P&L is really the plan going forward. It's a plan that will sustain us for the next few years. And if we push our leverage too far, which really is if you look at 10% before the device tax, it's closer to 15%. On the kind of sales growth we're achieving now, that's a very high degree of leverage and something that I think could compromise our long-term growth prospects.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, mobile hip business represents -- the mobile hip -- the total cups is roughly 22%. It continues to grow well and it's -- those are used in both revision and primary procedures. So that percentage has been creeping up and it's continuing to be a very successful product. There's actually a lot of competitors that are now entering at the mobile bearing category, which is great news for us, which is an indicator that this is going to be a good market for the future. Our field really was more focused on Accolade in the last quarter, which is really gaining traction very quickly and is now, I believe, the #1 stem in the United States. So it grew extremely fast. So that's really where there's been a little bit more focused. We'll get the balance back right going forward in both the stem and the cup will be a great combination.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. Well, first I would say is that, I'm not an outsider that wasn't part of Stryker. So clearly, my view changes as I move into the CEO chair, but I certainly was well aware of the environment that we are under. September was a big surprise. So the sales uptick that we were expecting September didn't materialize. And when we project that forward when we look at what these trends are, it really caused for rebalancing. But I certainly wasn't starting from standing start. I was, obviously, involved in the company, understood the strategy and we really need to maintain our investments. We really want long-term growth. And when I looked at the actual degree of leverage that would require -- you guys do this math all the time. If you look at that sort of 4% top line and you try to deliver something that's 15% on the bottom line, that's going to come at a cost and that cost will be investments. And so even though it's been only 2.5 weeks, it has been sufficient time and this has been, frankly, a key focus of my first beginning in this job, was really making sure we did our best to set a clear path for the future. And certainly, anticipating that this call was coming, it became the top priority. I have the luxury of having Dean here. So in terms of replacing some of the open positions, I can take some time. Curt's been a great help in my early days as well. So I do want to let you know this has been something that, as a team, we have worked on very thoroughly. It's been -- it was obviously, a great deal of thought was put into it, but it's something we feel very confident about for the years ahead.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, this is certainly the first one where we've been broad scale in terms of direct-to-consumer. I think, the consumer will continue to be very important. And as I mentioned in the September Analyst Meeting, we are focused very much on power brands. Knee is certainly more elective than hip. The hip marketing team is thinking about whether the communication direct-to-patient would make sense. We have no plans as of yet. Certainly, it makes more sense with knee being a more elective procedure. But it's something for the future that we're certainly interested in and we're going to continue to explore.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, I think we were pretty clear about the guidance, at least as it relates to the end of this year and into next year. My discussions with the board have been very good. We expect Stryker to continue to be a high performance company, with performance at the high-end of the medtech sector. Beyond that, I'm not really going to get into long-term numbers and what that means. But don't misread this change in guidance as us changing, in anyway, our focus on being a high-performance organization, focused on innovation, quality and cost.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, let me go back to the comment I made, I think, early on, which is our core strategy really is not going to change fundamentally. So, in fact, at the Analyst Meeting and Katherine laid out a very clear picture of our BD approach, where we're really looking at our core markets and adjacent markets as being priorities to fill out our portfolio. Long term, we love being in the ortho space. The demographics are clearly very favorable. It's a very competitive market, but we've been winning in this market. Clearly, there are some countries in the world where have work to do. But overall we've been winning and we're clearly a major player and intend to remain, and we're very happy to be in that market. But again, don't expect any major strategic shifts, at least not in the short term. And as our strategy continues to evolve, we will keep you posted.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, first of all, as you all know, we have an outstanding management team at Stryker. We have a deep bench at Stryker. Clearly, having somebody like Dean, as I mentioned earlier, helps really to stabilize. We have a very strong finance organization, but having Dean, as somebody who has the history, is -- the Secretary of the board, as well, on the team, is a very stabilizing force. The orthopedic business, obviously, I'll be looking to name a replacement there. Both the CFO and the group orthopedic role, we're going to be looking at both external and internal candidates. It's not something I feel a big rush to name a replacement. If I find somebody and the right person quickly, I'll move. But there's no big hurry. As you saw, our U.S. orthopedic business is performing very well and has been all year, and has a very strong management team. So, as it relates to defections, we have a very, very good management team. It's not something that I'm very concerned about, at least not in the short term.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, at least for the International. As it relates to capital, it's really more of the market than it is us losing any kind of share.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, obviously, Stryker's a vast company and we need to focus on multiple areas. I would say the more urgent or pressing problem is Europe. But emerging markets we represent, that would be roughly 6% of our sales in emerging markets, which is clearly lower than what we would like to be. So I wouldn't say it's one or the other, I think we're going to focus on both. But clearly, Europe's turnaround is more pressing in importance.
Kevin A. Lobo: The other thing I'd like to add is as you saw in our guidance, we're not talking about buybacks as part of our guidance, I really would like to decouple kind of EPS and underlying performance from whether we decide to do more or less share buybacks in the future.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, and I think at the marketplace, you'll be hearing from the rest of our competitors and there is a sign that pricing is moderating. It's a trend, frankly, we've seen for the last 2 quarters. That trend continued this quarter. It is a good sign for the overall recon markets, certainly in the United States.
Kevin A. Lobo: No, I would say one of the -- it's not because we want to keep the U.S. cash powder dry. We have a capital structure that's pretty flexible and we can do things. So that would not be one of the reasons. What I would say and I'll go back to the examples I think I may have mentioned, it’s a combination. It's pipeline and R&D pipeline as a part of it. Selective investments in sales forces in fast-growing spaces. So that would be a second piece. So it's really just -- it's a combination of making sure we preserve those kind of investments going forward.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. So first of all, it didn't really catch us off guard. The year-over-year increase, I think Dean mentioned, really had to do with that onetime event that occurred last year. So it was very similar level of spending as we had in the second quarter. So it wasn't that we are caught off guard. Where we missed was on the top line. So the spending was kind of to plan the top line miss. So as a result, clearly, we are and I'd mentioned, I think, a couple of times, in certain countries, we certainly are going to look at our spending and make some actions and start some action in the fourth quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, I really don't think our missteps have anything to do with company size. So if you look at our business in Europe, we've been having some challenges. They're really more to do with what I'll call the basics: management, leadership and basics. Making sure we stay close to the customer and don't get distracted. So I really don't believe it has to do with size. If you look at our acquisition strategy, it's really core and adjacent markets, which allows us to really be masters of certain service lines. If you look at the orthopedic service line, we are deeper in that service line than even a broad company like Johnson & Johnson. If you look at neuro now, we're rounding out that portfolio, and we're going to be very, very deep in the neuro space. So it's not that we're acquiring companies that are far field from who we are and the formula that we have to win really applies very well across this. So it's not a size issue. I'm not making any excuses. We have to improve our performance, but this situation outside the U.S. has been, frankly, going on for a little longer than any of us would like and it's something that we are going to address as job one.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you, all, for joining our call. I look forward to beginning to meet with you in the months ahead. Our conference call for the fourth quarter 2012 results will be held on January 23, 2013. Thank you.
