Stephen MacMillan: Thank you, Derek. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Report. With me today are Curt Hartman, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Consistent with prior calls, I will make some summary comments regarding our quarterly results before passing the call over to Katherine and Curt to provide more specifics.  We'll start with a summary of some of the key accomplishments realized in the second quarter. With sales coming in at over $2 billion, we delivered a 16% increase with a 6% gain, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, representing a solid 2-point acceleration in our underlying organic growth from Q1. And with double-digit constant currency growth for both our U.S. and International businesses, the top line performance was geographically balanced.  Two, our Reconstructive businesses, including Hips, Knees and Trauma, achieved stronger top line growth sequentially.  Three, meanwhile, our MedSurg franchises once again helped drive our double-digit top line with Medical the clear standout at 39% growth, and our Neurotechnology business continued to build on the momentum achieved in Q1 due in large part to the ongoing rollout of the Neurovascular product offering, while our Spine franchise also saw sequential improvement as well. Four, our solid sales growth contributed to a 13% increase in adjusted diluted net earnings per share to $0.90.  Five, we also continue to strengthen our core product offering and utilize our cash flow with the announcement of 2 acquisitions during the quarter, Orthovita and Memometal, both of which have since closed. We are excited about the opportunity to leverage each company's unique product offering through our considerable sales force to drive stronger top line growth.  As always, given the considerable breadth and size of our myriad businesses, each quarter presents us with some challenges. Although we are pleased with the building momentum in our Hip business and the expectation from improving Knee growth, given the recent FDA clearance of our customized cutting guides, the overall macroenvironment remains difficult. Nonetheless, we believe we are well positioned to gain market share in both Hips and Knees on the heels of new product launches. In summary, our Q2 results underscore a recurring theme that many of you who have followed our company are familiar with, the benefits provided by the balanced diversity of our businesses and our unique sales footprint that spans medical device implants as well as key operating room disposables and capital equipment. This model provides tremendous overall consistency of our financial results, and we believe will increasingly differentiate us with our hospital customers.  We started the year with the expectation we would deliver adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.65 to $3.73, an increase of 10% to 13%. Given our solid performance through the first 6 months of 2011, we remain confident in our outlook for both sales and earnings. We will continue to focus on leveraging our unique sales footprint to accelerate growth organically through internal R&D, along with supplemental acquisitions while maximizing shareholder returns through dividends and share buybacks.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Katherine.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks, Curt. In closing, we're pleased with our performance through the first 6 months of 2011, which reinforces our conviction and our ability to deliver on both the top and bottom line targets we set out at the start of the year. Importantly, our top line momentum accelerated in Q2 with all Reconstructive businesses achieving stronger sequential sales growth globally, while our MedSurg franchises remained a solid contributor to our top line growth targets and collectively delivered double-digit revenue gains.  Our newest franchise, Neurotechnology, is benefiting from key new product launches. Combined, these performances drove both the year-over-year and sequential uptick in our U.S., international and global sales growth. And we are making significant investments in R&D as evidenced by the 22% increase year-to-date on top of the 17% uptick in 2010, resulting in a steady stream of new product launches across all our franchises, many of which we highlighted at our recent May Analyst Meeting.  We are leveraging our balance sheet to augment our organic growth through selective acquisitions that strengthen our core and allow us to maximize the strength of our diverse sales footprint with its considerable distribution capabilities. Along with buybacks and dividends, we will continue to follow a 3-pronged cash strategy in order to maximize shareholder return.  With that, we'll now open it up for Q&A. Back to you, Derek.
Stephen MacMillan: The market there is a tough one to predict until our other friends report. But having said that, I think we do -- we thought the Gaymar acquisition was a great acquisition right in our wheelhouse. It does help us probably more on the margin, Matt. I would say probably the overall market is just a little more robust right now.
Stephen MacMillan: David, it's Steve here. I would -- I tell you I think the shape fitting is a big deal to us. Having said that, in terms of its ramp, the ramp will be a little slower obviously, but we are rolling out OtisMed right now. Cases are being held. The sales force have been trained on proper labeling and all of that kind of stuff. But I think it was starting to hurt us by not having a custom fit option. And we were probably on the verge of frankly, truthfully, we were starting to lose some surgeons where they love to Triathlon, but frankly, just got finally tired of waiting for us. And we were probably right at that breaking point here in the first and second quarter after the academy when we didn't have it. A few docs, I think, have held on long enough and kind of say, "Okay, enough is enough. I'm going to go use somebody else's product." So now it's a question of getting those back. We feel good that we will. But as you know, in this business, the docs don't come back to you day one, but I think we will. I would suspect we were going to be starting to see an uptick here in the third quarter absolutely, but it'll be, again, probably a little bit more that freight train getting back in gear.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Bob. To get your head around the number, you just have to meet our sales force. Come to one of our sales meetings, so that wouldn't quite work, but that would give you the confidence as to how they're doing it. Having said that, this number, we have to tell you, it shocked us too. Let's be honest, we don't have quarters like this very often, but we do think a sustainable rate -- right now medical's in a pretty good cycle. Is it going to be another 27%, 37% kind of quarter? We don't -- can't possibly forecast anything like that. But the order's trends have been pretty good right now. And I think we feel over the course of this year, medical's going to be one of those businesses that delivers more revenue in 2011 than we expected at the start of the year to offset some of the others that won't. But we'll have to kind of continue to see where it goes. But we still feel good about the long-term fundamentals of that business.
Stephen MacMillan: In most cases, it's gaining back parts. So it's a doctor might have been using both hips and knees and got tired and wanted to use somebody else's knee. And I would say that was really just starting to happen in the second quarter. So it'll be more, I think, bringing -- turbocharging a lot of our existing surgeons, and then inching away and getting some competitive ones along the way.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, I think, Rick, clearly the MDM is getting some nice momentum, and I think it's building, I mean, frankly, we've been almost a little bit of supply-constrained on this one because we didn't overbuild inventory on this one. But it is building nicely. And I think it's going to be -- it is that train building. Accolade, probably by the way, we're going to -- even though we mentioned it at the Analyst Meeting, we'll probably end up pushing it back into next year, just to time [ph] the expectation because frankly, with OtisMed approval and all the momentum on MDM, we feel so good about the second half of this year. But that'll be -- that'll give us more news for next year. So I think that's why we feel really good as we look at the Hip pipeline over the next 18, 24 months. I agree we feel very good about seeing sequential build not just this year, but through next year as well. But it's not a ramp like our Medical business, as you know.
Stephen MacMillan: A lot of that -- we're still leered at over communicate numbers given we're not sure exactly what the total volume of the market will be. I think we'll be taking share and feel good about that.
Stephen MacMillan: And on the Europe piece, Rick, I think we feel really good about the -- our leadership over there right now. We've been reining in a lot of old product lines and dealing with a lot of things in fighting through a pretty tough market. I think we look at Europe right now and say it's a very low-growth market. And we're slugging it out and fighting through it. So I think we've stopped the bleeding there and on the way back, but we've also still got some stuff we can do better.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Actually Japan, was probably one of our bigger upside surprises in the quarter. Our Japan business did very, very well, and pretty much across the board, but especially the Reconstructive. Hips and Knees were very healthy there. It's probably one of our, believe it or not, best regions in the world.
Stephen MacMillan: Clearly, it's a little bit inflated this year by the acquisition. Having said that, as we said, we grew R&D 17% last year. I think as long as we continue to feel good about the products in the pipeline, that line may grow faster than sales.
Stephen MacMillan: No, Jeff. And I want to clarify that as well, because clearly, it's not anything from the acquisitions. What I'd also say is Curt and his team are really doing a much better job, I'd say, than what we had historically in terms of understanding swings in gross margin because of all the various lag effects in the inventory. And when you go back and look historically, I think second and third quarters last year, we probably got even more of a benefit from the FX than we had fully maybe grasped at the time. If you recall, we were surprised by the gross margin. And I think it probably was more driven FX, and it's a bigger headwind this year than what we had fully grasped. All right, and thank you, Derek. I think we'll wrap up on that, and so that everybody knows, the conference call for our third quarter results will be held on exactly 3 months from today, October 19, 2011. Thank you, everyone.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Steve. Similar to prior quarters, my comments today will focus on acquisitions, elective procedure trends and implant pricing.  First, on the acquisition front, we continue to execute on our stated strategy of leveraging our balance sheet and cash flow to pursue M&A. As you are aware, we completed the acquisition of Neurovascular in the first quarter and continue to be pleased with the market's reception to the new product offering that includes both the next generation coil as well as detachment system.  Turning to Q2, we announced 2 more acquisitions that are focused on strengthening our core product offering and leveraging our broad distribution channel and selling capabilities, a key aspect of our M&A strategy.  Specifically in late June, we closed on the acquisition of Orthovita, which competes in the $5 billion orthobiologics markets and is a global leader in synthetic bone grafts with its Vitoss product offering and also competes in vertebral augmentation with its CORTOSS product offering.  In addition, the company's biosurgery business manufactures hemostasis product such as the Vitagel, which are designed to control interoperative and postoperative bleeding. We believe the collective talent of our sizable sales forces across multiple franchises positions us to build on Orthovita's success and accelerate sales growth. In early July, we closed on the acquisition of privately held Memometal, which manufactures and markets products for extremity indication based on its proprietary methods for preparing and manufacturing a shape memory metal alloy. Memometal is rapidly establishing its differentiated technology in the global extremity device market with a broad range of products for the foot and ankle as well as the hand and ribs. With sales in 2010 of roughly $30 million, Memometal's comprehensive and proprietary product portfolio allows us to gain broader access into the fast-growing extremities market.  We're excited about the prospects for both of these most recent acquisitions, and similar to prior BD deals, we look for them to help drive our long-term organic growth. Shifting to elective procedures, the macro backdrop and current challenges remains similar to that what we've experienced in recent quarters. As most of you are aware, the ongoing economic softness has been contributing to a slowdown in many elective procedures, including hip and knee replacement. However, despite the current pressures on procedures, we are pleased with the momentum we are seeing from both our new product offering particularly with hips as a combination of ADM, and more recently, MDM, is helping drive accelerating sales growth. Although our knee performance strengthened sequentially, there's clearly room for improvement and we expect that Q2 510(k) clearance of our customized cutting guide to help drive share gains in the second half of 2011.  Lastly, on the implant pricing front, the trends are similar to prior quarters, with continued but stable pricing pressure partly offset by mix, particularly as it relates to Hips given the new product launches.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Curt.
Katherine Owen: I think you characterized it well, Matt. I think we're seeing stability to gradual improvement. So some of the trends that have turned negative very quickly 12, 18 months ago have been stable, and we've been retooling and refocusing that organization, certainly not ready to jump up and say "We're back to where we want to be", but just modest sequential improvement driven by some of the new products and just learning how to better navigate through the current market challenges. So not out of the woods yet, but we do feel that we're clearly at a point of stability to a slightly improving backdrop. And certainly, the Orthovita acquisition will be a nice focus for that group, given it's also very much in their core.
Katherine Owen: I think you characterized it correctly. It improved 50 basis points, although still down 1.5% in the second quarter, which we would characterize within the normal realm. So I wouldn't point out and say we've seen some big reversal. Hip and Knee pricing remains negative, maybe modestly better sequentially and offset partly by mix with a little bit bigger on the mix side on the Hips, given some of the launches. But overall, none of these trends we would call out as outside what we've been seeing. So certainly better than it getting worse, but within the norm that we have been modeling.
Katherine Owen: Jason, I'll take the first question. It's tough to know, obviously, ultimately, how much penetration shape matching will have. Some of the data we've seen is maybe around 10% of Knees. We think it has the potential to go higher, but a lot of that will be longer-term multiyear in nature as there's more clinical data produced that validates many of the benefits that clinicians believe they're seeing: Shorter procedure time, better consistency, improved outcomes. But that there is not yet a pool of data to support definitively. And that's probably what will be needed over the next few years to really drive the broader market acceptance. So we think the trend is going to continue upwards, over what time frame and to what magnitude, probably it's too speculative to call out, but we do think there's a nice opportunity for clinical data to help drive some of that adoption.
Katherine Owen: A little tough to know until we see everybody's new numbers come in. But we do feel that having a product that -- the combined offering ADM and MDM in the large head segment in the market is -- it's a nice alternative, and it obviously gets us into a segment of the market that we weren't in previously. So obviously, the hope would be we gain market share. That's the expectation with the product launches, but really couldn't say definitively until we see everybody's numbers coming in.
Katherine Owen: I'll take the first part of the question. A couple of points. I think most of you on the call know us well enough, we tend to outline commitments that we're fully committed to hitting on at the start of the year. We are midway through the year. It's still some markets are challenging, and although those acquisitions obviously are additive, they'll have a 6-month contribution, also keep in size to the relative side. So it's still is consistent with the addition of those into our total targeted range. To be fair, it does, obviously, increase our conviction in the higher end to the degree that those are additive. But overall, the range -- it doesn't materially impact that range.
Katherine Owen: I would say it's part of that portfolio of Hip products. I wouldn't call it out specifically as having a major impact, but then again, as you know, that's generally true for the entirety of our portfolio, more kind of in net singles and doubles. So it's just a part of the product offering to be able to have a comprehensive portfolio for those doctors that want a modular offering. But beyond that, I wouldn't get into any specifics about how that individual product was faring.
Katherine Owen: Yes. I guess a couple of comments. Very excited about this product offering because it really gives us access to a specialty customer and with a lot of the podiatric surgeons performing these foot and ankle procedures. You combine that with their proprietary technology and manufacturing know-how. We think it's a very nice fit. We will be able to make investments in the sales force to a much greater degree than they were given just the relative size, and so it will be an area of investment. We think there are opportunities to pull through other products, nothing that we would speak to specifically. Part of what we liked here was what we have on the market, and part of what we liked was the pipeline of products that's generally consistent with what you've seen in our other businesses, singles and doubles, that in totality, really worked to move the needle. So it's an exciting market given the growth potential. And we think this acquisition specifically helped us tap into a customer segment that is really not an area we have historically called on.
Katherine Owen: I would view that the acquisition is very similar in that if we're going to leverage the product offering that we got with the Orthovita deal through our much broader distribution channels in both inpatient and outpatient and across multiple divisions, Instruments, Spine, as was mentioned earlier. I wouldn't view this as leveraging the revenue that we were generating within our biotech specifically. This is where we're rounding out our product portfolio where there was a gap and, again, focusing on our core and leveraging the distribution capability that we have.
Katherine Owen: We are probably going to refrain from any specifics about whether the acquisition activity is going to be at the same pace, higher or lower. It's just the very nature of BD is such that it's going to ebb and flow and maybe following a period of a lot of activity, it ebbs a little bit more. But you never know in terms of -- there could be a strategic decision to make an acquisition and wouldn't want to have comments that could prove to be correct or incorrect down the road -- prove to be incorrect down the road. So a long winded way of saying probably not going to make a comment beyond reiterating. We've got a strategy for the 3-pronged use of cash, and M&A is part of that, but it will be more or less active at different periods of time.
Katherine Owen: We haven't called out long-term targets specifically. We have said to assume that R&D is generally in that 5% to 6% range of sales, and you've seen it trend upward this year. So I think for near-term modeling, 2011, that remains a big assumption.
Curt Hartman: So 2 responses there, Mike. First of all, it's really the currency movements from both the fourth quarter and the first quarter relative to the second quarter because it takes time for the inventory to move through our system, especially when you look at the Reconstructive line, which has most of its manufacturing in the European market, euro-based and that has slower turns generally in a 7 to 9-month timeframe. When you look at mix, given that the Medical segment did have strong growth, certainly, that will contribute a little bit. But I will tell you on a relative dollar basis, the Medical segment, as a percentage of total sales, is probably not big enough to meaningfully move the gross margins on a full year basis.
Curt Hartman: I don't think we're going to offer forward-looking comment on the growth profiles. I think, if you think about Stryker Medical, I tried to include in my commentary that the replacement market is where we're seeing the biggest influence from a growth standpoint, and that market feels pretty robust as evident by the trends we saw in the first half of the year. I don't think we see anything that's going to meaningfully slow that down from a market standpoint. Certainly, our business has to execute on that front. To your point, the endoscopy and instruments segments did slow down second quarter versus first, but I think we feel pretty good about both of those as we look through the second half of the year given product lineups, given the introduction of new products into those businesses across multiple areas. All of that said, there are still capital businesses. There are purchase cycles that we're working through. And if you look specifically at MedSurg and the instrument segment, the third quarter is their toughest comparable, so that makes slowly year-over-year comparables just a little bit. I think the fundamentals there are still pretty respectable, and we feel good about MedSurg as a category in whole as we look at this year.
Curt Hartman: I think, clearly, when we -- if we go back to the beginning of the year and we put out some general guidance on where we thought various elements of the P&L would be through 6 months, gross margins a little bit lower, which obviously is a negative impact. But conversely, the tax rate, we believe, has downward bias. And that's probably driven by the mix of where products are manufactured and the geographic tax rate should apply in those markets. I think what we've tried to imply over time on currency is that it's not as easy as looking at the top line currency influence as a straight one for one drop-through there, just many elements in the P&L for the currency and the top line, and you also lose it when you convert those currencies into U.S. dollars and look at the costs some of our U.S. divisions take because of that currency conversion. So I think I would just try to keep gross margin and tax rate as perhaps, one offsetting the other to keep it as simple as possible.
Curt Hartman: In Trauma, we did see a little bit of a pickup. I think it's part organizational focus and probably part organizational enthusiasm around the Extremities acquisition. I don't think any of us are jumping up and down about our second quarter Trauma results. We think there's better days ahead given the acquisition emphasis here on the Extremities piece and more work that's being done from an innovation standpoint. So a nice, a decent respectable quarter, but we think there's more to do there. Relative to the compliance and it really relates to the 3-year investment that we've laid out. That starts rolling off in the second half of this year or the project, the focus, the journey, whatever you want to call it, formally comes to an end. But the reality is when you look at the acquisition track we have been on and the facilities that, that brings, there's plenty of acquisition, integration from a quality compliance system standpoint to keep us very busy. And there's the one-time events in the quality journey that probably come and gone. But there is a new level of base spend that is in our cost structure. And really what we hope to see in the years ahead is the benefit of that quality infrastructure starting to play out in terms of lower scrap rates, lower labor variants, lower warranty return rates. It's far too soon to see any of that showing up in the P&L right now.
Curt Hartman: Glenn, on the second question, probably I'm not going to get into the minutia there and break down the decrease relative to people's model. Suffice it to say, it's a combination of pricing, currency that all influenced the ultimate gross margin, and they all contributed in the quarter. So hopefully, what we've tried to do here is restate our outlook for the second half to get people a sense of where we think things are going to finish as we look at what's in front of us.
Curt Hartman: So a couple of questions there. The revenue will be split. You'll have the Vitoss product, which is carried principally by our Spine-selling organization. You have the Vitagel product, which will be carried by a combination of selling organizations, both part of our Reconstructive group and part of our MedSurg Group, and then the CORTOSS item will be carried by our Interventional Spine group, which as a reminder, is now reported publicly in the Spine and Neurotech segment. So if you divide all that up, you'll see the biggest segment of it in the Spine and Neurotech public reporting and then a smaller slice in both MedSurg and Reconstructive. And obviously, we're just 2 days remaining in the second quarter, we closed a transaction. We're in the process of integrating that organization, and that's inclusive of their U.S. selling effort.
Curt Hartman: So, David, the first thing I'd probably do is correct the statement. There is no question in my mind whatsoever. We have accounted for everything in our P&L exactly the way it should be accounted for. What my comments were is that in the presentation of the second quarter P&L, I think it's a fair statement to say it probably doesn't line up with any of the models that anybody created. And that starts at the gross margin level and probably goes all the way down to the tax rate inclusive of G&A being higher than people probably model because of the IP legal settlement that we settled in the quarter. And then, you had some tax controversy that settled and part of the settlement of tax controversy is you unwind accruals and all the interest that built up on those accruals can come back through the interest expense line. And that's where you saw interest expense actually be a positive this quarter versus the traditional negative that interest expense is. So I think the way I would summarize is we had lower gross margin, really attributable to some of the manufacturing and how currency moves through there. We had higher G&A associated with an IP settlement. We had better than probably modeled interest and other income because of that reversal of tax interest. And then, we had a lower tax rate, which is really driven by the mix of products and where they're geographically manufactured. So that's how I would package all of that.
Curt Hartman: Second quarter, Stryker Sustainability Solutions business had a better quarter than the first quarter. I think we commented after the first quarter or some competitive markets responses, not surprisingly. But directionally, we feel good about the trend that we saw in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. And I think, overall, we remain very high in our conviction that this is the right business for Stryker and for the market and that longer term, we see very favorable trends here. Further, you think about these smaller businesses that are acquired, there is a period of integration and every time you go through integration, there are stumbles or challenges that perhaps disrupt the business model. And we've got to work our way to the other side and we feel good about the progress we're making there. So directionally, better second quarter than we saw in the first quarter. Back kind of got the nose of the plane pointed up and going in the right direction at this point, and it was a positive contributor, so we feel good about it.
Curt Hartman: We feel very good about where the Neurovascular business is at the halfway mark. We commented in the first quarter that we saw positive growth in the U.S. market. That remains true in the second quarter and through the first half of the year. And sequentially, it built on the first quarter and then in my prepared comments, I noted that in the international markets based on the strength of the target rollout, that we had recorded a positive quarter. So all in, the business, on a global basis, was positive. We like where the new products are taking us. We like the stickiness with customers who have used the products. All of that said, there are some market challenges in the Neurovascular space today, given things like Brazil and reimbursement cut that I mentioned in the first quarter. That's still to be sorted out, hopefully some time in the second half of this year. So like any business, it has its headwind, but generally on track with the direction and pleased with it through the first 6 months.
Curt Hartman: Kristen, on the days, the days were effectively the same as they were in the prior quarter a year ago. On the pricing, do not have anything material coming out of the sunsetting of Japan that influenced the general pricing in the quarter. Certainly, the sunsetting helps a little bit in the Japan market, but total company influence was insignificant there. And your last question, I believe, was on the acquisition charges. We updated -- I tried to update at the end of my prepared comments the full year expectation for acquisition and integration-related charges given the addition of new Orthovita closing here at the last couple days of the second quarter. So I may not be fully understanding that question.
Curt Hartman: Okay. So the first half of the year, the biggest component of the number was Neurovascular inventory step-up charges. That is far and away the lion's share of the number. Other charges related to acquisition and integration are truly those one-time costs, anything from perhaps banker fees to the use of consultants as you're going through the integration from a systems approach, things like that. So if you take what we said the charge would be for the full year, subtract what we've already recorded, that kind of gives you the idea of what's left. As we head into 2012, I would expect the call outs here would be minimal at best.
Curt Hartman: I'm not going to give you a specific number. I would just refer people to look at the prepared comments. The -- I believe I said that in the Other income and expense, that change effectively equalized the IP settlement. And I think if you look at the charges we usually record in Other income, you'll be able to back your way into what that relative number may have been.
Curt Hartman: Certainly, a big area of focus for the company and a lot of work going on, I think you have to keep in mind that anything revolving around manufacturing, product changes, product consolidations, the first approach is understanding what it does or how it influences the quality system that we worked so hard as a company to build and instill. So there -- almost in a sense, first, do no harm as we look at the opportunities. These opportunities are evident. There are project teams lining up and they are sorting through the priorities. And keep it in mind that some of these projects, the majority of the projects will take an investment to get them off the ground and get the long-term leverage. I would, however, as an early indicator point to perhaps, our tax rate as an indicator of some of the changes. As we've moved some of our manufacturing, it does have influence across the entirety of the P&L, including the tax rate. And just as a reminder, we made some changes with some of our Europe -- with one of our Europe plants last year, move some of that production into a different geography that has a better tax rate.
Curt Hartman: In the quarter, it was about $9 million, rough numbers. And then, we didn't break it out between third and fourth quarter. And honestly, Bill, I don't have that in front of me right now off the top of my head.
Curt Hartman: No. What I said is CORTOSS is distributed by our Interventional Spine organization, which from a public reporting standpoint, used to be included in the Instruments segment. And beginning this year, when we created the new segments, we moved that over to report it under the Neurotech and Spine segment.
Curt Hartman: There are no other factors. I think I understand the confusion. It's just part of the complexity of the manufacturing network. When currency moves, it's not only the cost of the underlying currency. It's the inventory excess and obsolete charges and how those dollars are restated in the U.S.-based P&L. So there's -- you got to think about it in broad terms of how these currency movements impact the entirety of the P&L, and they're not insignificant movements. So that said, we do have some things that helped hedge that a little bit with the way we're set up. But it's not appropriate model by any stretch, and there's going to be movements as currency and as inventory turns change.
