Brent Lang: Thanks, Justin. Overall, I believe 2019 was a year of great accomplishment for us. We finished the year strong, and we believe we have made the right strategic bets to address the long-term opportunity. It's still early days in the evolution of hospital communications away from pagers, loudspeakers and wireless phones, the functionality and scalability of our differentiated software platform is unmatched in the marketplace. And our solution provides a compelling value proposition for hospitals of all sizes. We had a great year for large system wins and the large expansions underscore the strategic importance our customers see in our products. Our differentiated technology and our large greenfield opportunity inspire us to pursue the goals we set out to achieve. You may know that 2020 is the Year of the Nurse.  And I'd like to take a moment to highlight something really important to me. The "Why" that drives our mission at Vocera? Our mission is to transform healthcare by improving the lives of patients and caregivers. We have a long track record of providing nurses with tools to improve resiliency, reduced toil and burnout and return a sense of joy back of their time with patients. I'm proud of our lasting connection with nurses and the broader hospital staff, and we look forward to celebrating the Year of the Nurse. I'd also like to thank our employees who dedicate their talents to developing our solutions extending our reach into the market, delivering thought leadership and contributing to our unique culture. In 2019, Vocera and our employees made meaningful charitable contributions of both time and money to our local communities, deciding together where to donate those dollars and working side-by-side volunteering in our communities.  Finally, before opening up the call for your questions, I'd like to personally invite all of you to our investor breakfast at HIMSS on March 11. Feel free to contact Sue if you have any questions about this event, and please stop by our booth at HIMSS, where you'll be able to experience our solutions firsthand. With that, we're ready to conclude our formal remarks. Thank you for listening today. Operator, we're ready to open up the line for questions.
Brent Lang: Yes. So I do think we feel good about coming into the year. We -- as you know, we tend to set our guidance on the conservative end of the spectrum. So we'd love to be towards the top end of that range. And I think we're still in the early stages of understanding really the market growth dynamics and so we don't really want to get ahead of ourselves. But I think it's fair to say that we're feeling good about where we ended the year and about the momentum that we have and the backlog that we have in the business.
Brent Lang: Yes, I think that's fair. We had a really strong fourth quarter after relatively mild growth in the previous quarters. And several of the large deals that I talked about, obviously, helped drive that. But overall, I think the sales team is feeling strong momentum right now. And it was a great way to finish the year.
Brent Lang: Yes. So there's sort of two components to the changes we made in the sales force. The one was trying to upgrade to people that had more enterprise selling capabilities to be able to sell the C-suite with these larger more complex deals. And the second piece was to grow the absent number. So we're actually growing the size of our quota-carrying sales force to address the growing larger market opportunity that we see in front of us, both domestically and internationally. And those hires took place during the course of 2019, it sort of spread through Q2, Q3 and Q4. There's a few remaining that are still in the process of occurring, but the vast majority of the hiring has been completed. And then the corresponding sales ramp, obviously, is -- corresponds to when their start date was.  So we typically expect to see someone ramp to full speed within about 6 months of their hire date. And so some of those folks are now fully ramped and others are still in the process. But I think as we look into 2020, we expect the vast majority of them to be fully ramped for the full year. I came from our sales kickoff meeting last week in Dallas, and we have the whole group together and it was a really exciting meeting for me. And it was great to meet the new reps, a lot of great capabilities from folks who have been selling enterprise solutions, many of them for much larger organizations, into the C-suite and really understand that complex deal dynamic. So I think it was great to see them and meet them, and it really increased my level of confidence in their ability to succeed this year.
Brent Lang: Sean, we -- certainly, we're trying to be a bit more conservative where we can. I think probably the factor that I'd point to there, though, is there are several large deals in our backlog and they each have a little bit different timing. And so that can move -- if you're looking at a ratio like that, which is a good one to look at, but we also have to kind of factor in the timing of specific deals. We had a record quarter in terms of the size and impact of these larger deals on our bookings. And so they're -- most of those are now teed up to be delivered in 2020, and some will carry forward into even 2021, just because they're large projects. So that's probably the single most determinant of kind of how the timing of that unfolds. But overall, we feel like we're in a much better position from a backlog and deferred revenue standpoint.
Brent Lang: Yes, a couple of areas that we remain really excited about: one, is around the overall Voice experience. When we originally created Vocera, we were very much mavericks in the use of voice as a user interface. And it's an area where we feel like we've got lots of competitive differentiation. Speech recognition has become much more mainstream, and there's a lot more things we can do with it now. And so we're expanding -- what we're going to be offering in terms of that Voice user interface. And you and I talked about some of those things in the past are now becoming more of a reality. So that would be certainly one area; another area that I mentioned is the continuation of some of the integrations and really revitalizing and expanding integrations with other additional clinical systems and scaling the platform to be able to support these larger and larger system wins. 2019, was a lot of, what I'll call, sort of new product introductions of new platforms, both the Smartbadge and Vina. 2020 is more about scaling those to really address the needs of these very, very large customer deployments and the complexities of the integrations and workflows that they're wanting us to capture for them.
Brent Lang: So I think we're right in the middle of it. The trend line is certainly continuing towards these larger deals, the difference between where we are today versus where we were a year ago or two years ago is that we've had a longer period of time in this period of larger deals and longer sales cycles. And so eventually, sort of steady state that out. I'll just give you one interesting data point. I talked about the Norton deal $7.4 million win. This was a deal where we were awarded Vendor of Choice in 2018. And actually, when we came into 2019, had a high degree of confidence that it was going to book early in the year and actually planned to recognize the vast majority of the revenue associated with that deal in 2019. And in reality, even though we were -- been working on the deal for years and had been awarded Vendor of Choice two years ago, we just received that booking in Q4, and the revenue is now going to be in 2020 and beyond.  And so this is the new normal. I think it's taken some time for us to get used to that. But now that we have deals that are in various stages of closing within our pipeline, we have a much better understanding of what it takes to close these larger deals, and therefore, we can factor that into our forecasting methodology and evaluate both the pipeline and the backlog as it relates to revenue. So I don't think it's going to be a continuing slowing force on our business because we're now in a state where we've got various deals in various stages of closing, but we are definitely much more aware of what some of these deals take to close. Each one of them has kind of its own story.
Brent Lang: I think we're well beyond the pilot stage, Gene. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got customers that are ordering hundreds of these Smartbadges at this point and particularly newer customers that are looking to standardize right out of the gate. They're going with the Smartbadge upfront. I mentioned the 2 deals in the Middle East that went Smartbadges house wide with their initial deployments. And even some of the existing customers are starting to roll out larger numbers. So it's definitely beyond the pilot stage. I think what we're seeing is that there continues to be a strong demand for this Device of Choice variability, and they're seeing specific use cases tied to the various devices that we offer, whether it be the badge, the Smartbadge or the smartphone for different groups of workers within the hospital. And really the power of the platform is the interoperability and the seamless communication between those different form factors. And I think it represents a really nice portfolio of products that allows the customer to get the device that's most appropriate for each style of worker.
Brent Lang: So it's definitely a combination of both building and buying. We have an appetite for doing both. And we haven't made an acquisition in a couple of years, but we remain active in looking at deals. And we put a couple of term sheets forward on deals that we've found to be strategically important to us. But in a couple of cases, we're outbid by private equity firms that pay prices on these deals that we just didn't feel were appropriate. And so in some cases, we decided to go ahead and invest the R&D to build that capability in-house. And in other cases, we'll continue to look for future acquisition opportunities. With regard to the last part of your question, we don't have plans at this point to evaluate any kind of stock buyback. We think a better use of capital is to invest it in the business either through internal organic development or through the inorganic activities that we're pursuing.
Brent Lang: So rough numbers, I think, about 20 of the quota-carriers are new. And the new number is -- and we're constantly cycling. So there's -- there continues to be swap out some of those are replacement of existing people and some of those were incremental hires. I think the total quota-carriers is around 80.
Brent Lang: Thank you, and appreciate everyone's time today and look forward to catching up with you and seeing you again.
Justin Spencer: Yes, our progress continues there. The -- we highlighted a few of the larger deals that had Smartbadges attached to them. And so we continue to kind of work through the dynamics of new customers versus existing customers. We're finding that existing customers are going to likely adopt the Smartbadge at natural points of refresh or large badge purchases. Well, it's a little bit easier for new customers to adopt because they're not as particularly tied to a previous technology. But overall, we're pleased with the progress. We've made some enhancements to the product. Brent talked about the wake word addition, which we're really excited about that we think just continues to enhance that hands-free experience for the Smartbadge. And then in terms of our assumptions for continued ramp of the product in 2020. They're relatively modest. The way we look at our device business is we look at it as a portfolio. And so our objective is to grow the overall device revenue category, which can come from a mix of B3000n and the original Vocera badge, the Smartbadge and now complemented by the 2 smartphone offerings that we have. And our goal is to offer our customers a true Device of Choice option and allow them to select the best set of devices that work the best with the software platform and that are best for their environment. So our assumptions for 2020 as it relates to the Smartbadge are quite modest.
Justin Spencer: Yes. Ryan, I'd say that 2020 kind of represents the return to our historical norm or -- 2019 was a bit unusual because we had anticipated that there would be a bit more ramp in the second half that didn't quite materialize as we expected. And so 2020 is more similar in pattern to the years before that where we don't have as much of a back-end ramp. So for example, we expect our revenue to follow a seasonal curve of roughly 45% in the first half and then 55% in the second half. And that's spot on with where we were in 2018, 2017 and before that. The second thing is that because of the strength of our bookings, particularly at the end of the year, it allowed us to build a reasonably healthy amount of backlog and deferred revenue, and so we go into the year with a level of visibility that we didn't have at the beginning of last year and that, again, is more similar to where we were in in prior years.  And so as a result of that, we just feel better about where our guidance is. We try generally to be conservative with our guidance. The framework itself has not changed. We look at the amount of revenue we expect from our backlog and deferred revenue, the amount of supply that we expect, which has been very consistent and steady. And those two elements added together represent the amount of revenue that is visible to us at the beginning of the year. And I'd say we're in a better position now than we were at this point last year.
Justin Spencer: We expect -- with the organic revenue growth, we do expect our gross margins to increase. But we're also investing in our business. So operating expenses will increase a bit in 2020. The areas of investment, as we talked about, are primarily in sales and new product development. We're trying to kind of focus our spending -- manage our spending in other areas so that we can direct as much as we can to those -- essentially revenue generating or innovation-related areas. So we'll see our operating expenses increase. That's what creates kind of near term, a little bit less leverage. But in the long run, those investments are going to allow us to re-catalyze the profitability having said all that, we try to guide pretty conservatively with our EBITDA, and we're always targeting the higher end of the range. And so it's -- we think about kind of where we're targeting that would be our expectation to try and align with that at the higher end of the range.
Justin Spencer: Matt, we don't break it out specifically, but I can tell you that a meaningful portion of the device growth was attributed to the Houston Methodist shipment. We do -- we provide the smartphone to Zebra smartphones and now the Spectralink Versity phones as a way to -- for the customer to essentially receive a combined solution from us. It's convenient for them. And they're able to work with one partner for the whole solution bundled with the software. We also, though, in the quarter, even absent that we also had growth in badges as well. So -- but the majority of the growth in device category did come from the Houstin Methodist smartphones.
Justin Spencer: Gene, we're probably not going to be in a position to share the exact numbers, but I can just tell you it's significantly better and so that's why we just feel like we're in a better situation. The backlog and deferred revenue we have more software backlog, which we think is going to yield better growth in 2020. And overall, as we look at the combination of our supplies and then the backlog and deferred that we expect to convert we're just in a much stronger position as it relates to the overall revenue target for the year.
Justin Spencer: Hi, Dave. Yes, we continue to have what we believe is a very attractive financial model. And as we've been able to demonstrate in the company's history, we do have inherently operating leverage in that kind of a range. We actually are going -- we're targeting leverage. It's a little bit higher than what you stated. But what I would just say is that as we think about the transition now to 2020, as Brent touched on in his prepared remarks, we've made a significant portion of the sales investments that already we've made those in the back half of the year. And to some extent, also the R&D. So our actual amount of new hiring, if you will, in 2020, is relatively modest. We put the people in place, really at the end of the year. And so what happens is you have kind of a full year effect. So as you look now to our first quarter operating expenses, there will be likely a step-up from Q4, just as a result of the full year effect. And then it will remain relatively constant because we're not going to be adding significantly more heads at the year -- as the year progresses. And then from there as we get to the back half of the year and then hopefully looking into 2021, we'll be in a really strong position to get back to the kind of leverage that we've been more accustomed to over the last several years.
Justin Spencer: Yes. So we don't really have a specific time line associated with that. What that is, is really an agreement a purchasing vehicle, the outline that we've been named as their kind of Vendor of Choice. And when you're dealing with the Middle East, the exact time frame for when those POs and bookings and ultimate deployments will occur is a little bit hard to know. We're encouraged by the activity that's going on there, but I can't give you any more detail in terms of specific timing.
