Kevin A. Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker CFO; Tim Scannell, Group President, MedSurg and Neurotechnology; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call I will provide opening comments, followed by Tim with an update on our two recent acquisitions, Sage and Physio-Control. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A. With Q2 organic sales growth of 6.6%, we continue to demonstrate the strength of Stryker's diversified revenue base, which is allowing us to consistently deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech. This quarter, our growth was powered by robust performance in MedSurg and Neurotechnology, while Orthopaedics was in line. Our decentralized business model is enabling us to drive innovation and strong sales and marketing execution. On a geographic basis, organic growth was led by US, up 9%, while sales outside the US were up 2%, which is continuing to be impacted by ongoing challenges in China. Beyond the top line achievement, Q2 was highlighted by strong operational expense leverage that reflects our focus on driving cost transformation across divisions and geographies. As previously mentioned, we have a significant opportunity to deliver greater SG&A leverage on a multiyear basis with initiatives such as indirect spending, product life cycle management, and the optimization of our IT systems. As we are starting to see the impact from these initiatives, it underscores our conviction of delivering leveraged earning gains. Based on our first half performance, we now look for full year organic sales growth of 6% to 6.5% and adjusted per share earnings of $5.70 to $5.80 a share. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Kevin A. Lobo: And as to the second question, Mike, this is Kevin. I would say that from quarter to quarter you see this kind of change at Stryker, and we've seen this for the past few years where in the first quarter Orthopaedics had a more robust performance. This quarter was led by MedSurg. From quarter to quarter we see those variations. But what's encouraging to me is if you look at our growth versus the market, we continue to perform very well, especially if you look on a rolling four quarters basis.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah so Mike, look, I'll just finish by saying in China we've had issues and challenges, and we've highlighted those in the past. That affected spine. That affected our endoscopy division. That affected our trauma division. Spine had some product supply issues which affected both our US spine business as well as our O-US spine business. And hips, as you pointed out, was a little softer this quarter, but we've led the market certainly in the US for multiple years in our hip business and it's just one quarter. So there's for me no concern there. We see these changes from quarter to quarter. And as you've seen, the resiliency of our top line quarter after quarter over the past three or four years has been very steady. So yes, there were a bit of swings this quarter, but nothing that causes me any reason for concern. We have very, very strong divisions across the company.
Kevin A. Lobo: So David, since the beginning of the year, this is the second time we've moved our range upwards. And we've been delivering very strong growth throughout the year, yes. In China, and even all the emerging markets our comps will ease in the second half of the year, but we also have some challenging comps in some of our other businesses that were growing very robustly in the second half of the year. So it's a big business that we're managing, and I think if you're growing north of 6% organically while you're integrating acquisitions, I think you're doing pretty well.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, David, what we've been signaling on our cost transformation is this is really the engine of being able to sustain leveraged earnings year after year. And so in the earlier years, you are going to see more of that savings coming through from indirect procurement and in the later years you are going to see more of that saving coming from product life cycle management and coming from the ERP benefits. But I would say it's been a real rallying force for the company, to have everybody, all the different divisions of Stryker, working on a common system which is going very, very well. And it's a shift to SAP from a company that has really no SAP today. But I'm very encouraged with the early progress and I'm very optimistic about the implementation.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah thanks, Rick. This is Kevin. So, today MAKO is not a huge driver because we're really in the knee business, just using it for unicompartmental knees. We do have a limited launch, and the accent is the word limited. Just a small number of surgeons who are doing total knees. Early feedback has been very positive, so we're encouraged. But the reason for the limited launch is to make sure that we work out all the workflow and define training protocols and also be able to have some publications and podium presentations. The full launch in the total knee is not until next year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so what we've been saying now for the past few quarters is we did expect this to be a very soft quarter in China, so it was in line with our expectations. We do expect sometime in the back half of the year that we'll start to reach bottom and that we'll return to growth. We don't have the precision, just based on having multiple tiers of distributors, we don't have precision to be able to identify that exactly, but you should see signs of improvement. Certainly while we exit the year and going into next year, we should bottom out sometime in the second half.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, it's important just to note that we have a few of our businesses that are really underrepresented in Europe, our endoscopy division, our instruments division, and knees, where the market shares that we have are certainly much lower than they are in other parts of the world. So when we produce a good growth number, it's really just sort of getting back towards what we would consider our fair share. And it's a very encouraging sign and we're pleased with some of the hiring that we've done in Europe and starting to build that business.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah. It's important to know all three of those groups, so neurovascular is of course the biggest one, the neuro powered tools as well as CMF. They're all double digit growers. And so from quarter to quarter, as Tim mentioned, some are a little higher, some are a little lower. We had a 20% comp almost in the United States from the prior year and we continue to grow strong double digits on top of strong comps.
Kevin A. Lobo: Keep in mind, we did have a 18% comp in the United States in trauma. So we had a really huge growth in the prior year and still strong growth. We still believe this is going be a growth business for the company. So, and it's just one quarter. It did decelerate a little bit, but certainly a very impressive number nonetheless.
Kevin A. Lobo: I would also, I'd just like to repeat what was mentioned earlier that we did have some product disruptions in the quarter in our spine business. The underlying business is in really solid shape. I feel great about the leadership team, the new products. We have some supply challenges and that will continue in the third quarter and then it'll start to improve in the fourth quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, we really like that many companies are talking more and more about robotics. I think that provides a real good tailwind for MAKO. We believe we have certainly the best system with haptics and really terrific intellectual property. And so the more that robotics become a positive word out in the medical technology community with our customers, I think that provides a real good tailwind for us on MAKO. We're not seeing anything new in the spine market. It's a tough market with many competitors. We like our ability to win in the market based on the innovations that we've been bringing forward over the last two, three years. We did have our own challenges, as we've mentioned a couple of times on the call related to supply disruption, but nothing really new from a competitive standpoint.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, I'd say emerging markets, it was a very similar story in Q2 as it was in Q1. It was just as bad a quarter. As it relates to Europe, Europe had a mid single digit growth in the second quarter, so we were actually very pleased with the second quarter performance. There was a little bit of softness in the first quarter and it got back on track in the second quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: We just haven't talked about it a lot since it's not an enormous part of our business, but we have the capability. We're already doing it and we certainly are having more and more conversations with customers as the CJR rolls into effect.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure. So first, rather than just focus on the first quarter, I think we had a very successful year last year in the first year of the Transatlantic model, but it wasn't across every business. And we still have a number of businesses that have good growth in front of them. I highlighted knees. I highlighted instruments, and even part of our endoscopy division still has significant growth. So to us, we look at Europe as being a growth market, just given our relatively lower market shares, and we see it as a growth market for the next several years. So regardless of what's going on with Brexit or anything else, our relative low market share creates a big opportunity and this model that we've implemented we feel is contributing to the growth that we're experiencing and will continue to deliver high growth or higher than we've experienced over the past decades in Europe. So it continues to be a growth market.
Kevin A. Lobo: And the area that's sort of the most hard to predict is capital equipment. I think on the disposables and the implants side of the business, we see that sort of, that's still, those markets are actually still fairly healthy and we expect that to continue going forward.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so this is really our fourth really good performance in these, fourth quarter in a row of really strong performance. And we tend to attribute that much more to the launch of our cementless cones and the cementless knee business are really picking up. So our 3D printed products. We really believe that that's a big part of this and we also get a bit of a MAKO halo impact. So not specifically just the volume that's coming from our unis, but also wherever we put MAKOs, we tend to drive a higher mix of our business. So rather than comment on one particular competitor, I would just point out that our business has really picked up, and it's been multiple quarters now in a row of strong performance, really linked I believe to new products and the halo impact of MAKO.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the third quarter 2016 results will be held on October 27. Also, our analysts meeting and product fair will be held on November 9 at our Orthopaedics headquarters in Mahwah, New Jersey. Thank you.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Okay. I'll take the first one. So as we look at Q3, seasonally Q3 is usually our softest quarter. I think if you look at our guidance, it's very consistent with our Q3 guidance that we've provided in the past, especially when you look at year-over-year growth.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Hey, Bob, this is Glenn. First of all, if you look at the sequential drop in margin Q1 to Q2, roughly 180 basis points, I mean Q2 was really impacted by mix especially, but not just sales mix but by adding in the acquisitions. It's early and our acquisitions are off to a solid start, but that's going to impact gross margin for the rest of the year, and it impacted more than just product. We made some reclassifications to harmonize Sage and Physio accounting practices with our accounting practices. And this essentially shifted some SG&A expenses up to gross margin in order to align them with how Stryker does the accounting. It's pretty common that we do that, and we don't get a chance to really see it until we really climb into the integration work. So that's one of the things that came out. And then on top of that, I really just need to reiterate that there's a lot of other things that make our margin move around. Not just price, but FX, geographic mix really impact it. And all of those are pretty hard to forecast to sort of a single point estimate. As I think about for the rest of the year and what you should maybe think about for your model, I think we'll be in the range of this 67% range, but understand that it could trend above or below that based on all those factors that I just mentioned.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah, David, on ERP is one thing that we're focusing on relative to our CTG program. It has several facets. I would say we're in the pretty early stages of our ERP program. Obviously, when you're implementing a new commercial global footprint, it's a multiyear journey. And we're in the early stages of that. So we'll definitely keep you guys updated as that project moves forward. I think the more immediate term things to think about are indirect procurement and those parts of the project that really can have more of an impact as we roll forward in the next year.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah, I think if you think about the sequential change from Q1 to Q2, acquisitions in total were roughly sort of half of that change. And that should continue through the rest of the year in terms of the total growth, impact on the total gross margin.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Generally international flows through gross margin at roughly the same rate that we're experience on an average here. It would roughly flow through at about the 67%. It really depends sort of where internationally, as well too, because certain emerging markets are better. European pricing impacts are usually higher. But up and down from the 67%, that's roughly a good ballpark estimate.
Glenn S. Boehnlein: Yeah, I'd say, I guess my answer would be consistent growth in Q3 and 4 tied to that, those numbers we cited of high single digits and double digits.
Katherine A. Owen: Hey, Bob, it's Katherine. Just a couple points. I wouldn't look at the quarter and say something particular was going on in revisions versus primary. Overall, it was a bit softer than we've seen. And much like the first quarter, it was a bit stronger than we typically see, but we're not hearing anything from the field, from our customers, that suggests something's changed. It really reinforces why you've heard us say over and over we're really focused on rolling four quarter trends, because we see this quarter to quarter variability, that taken as a whole when you look back, doesn't mean anything significant in terms of changes in underlying fundamentals. And we're not seeing anything different in this quarter other than it was obviously a weaker than normal versus Q1 being a stronger than normal quarter. In terms of CJR, as you know it went into effect April 1. We haven't seen any impact. I think it's simply too early. As you know there's no penalty until after the first full year. So it's just simply too early, but nothing has played out yet in terms of a significant change or impact on the market.
Katherine A. Owen: Hey Kristen, I think it's very consistent with how we've messaged before. This is obviously going to be one of the variables that gets factored in as we go through our 2017 budgeting process. But clearly, it's incremental accretion above and beyond the normal earnings power of the businesses as they stand. How much of that flows through to the bottom line, how much of that we reinvest as we think about the opportunities in front of us, all of that will get factored in and will be evident when we give the range. So I wouldn't want to say it's a one for one, just throw it on all top of a normal earnings number because we have to look at the opportunities for reinvestment, recognizing obviously it's also incremental accretion and so some portion of it is likely to play out at the bottom line as well.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, I would say again it's just a quarter that was incrementally weaker versus quarters like the first quarter where it felt stronger, but we couldn't point to any discernible change or inflection point that suggested we had a new higher growth market. The only ones that reported are us and J&J so we have pretty limited visibility until everybody else reports, but we're not seeing or hearing anything that suggests that you're seeing some dramatic market share shifts. It's generally not how things play out in the recon market. So again, we're not seeing anything that would suggest that there's anything different than the normal quarterly variability that we see play out. Obviously it's more fun when it's Q1 and it's incrementally stronger. But again, that's why we focus on the rolling four quarters.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah David, we have been for some time been messaging around the market development. But with Tim here who runs that business, I'm going to pass it over to him.
Katherine A. Owen: I think at this point it's just tough to know until everybody reports. We add up the numbers similarly and get a better sense of share shift at that point. So there's nothing specific that we would point to. We obviously have better execution now under our TOM model, which has helped a number of our businesses. But we'll know in a couple weeks if there's anything more beyond market growth versus share shift.
Katherine A. Owen: Well we feel really pleased with the performance for both trauma and extremities businesses, but obviously the extremities base has gotten much bigger now. So you're looking at more challenging comparables that's still growing very solid double digits. And trauma we continue to see strong performance for that business as well. There hasn't been any meaningful change. We still feel good about the way those businesses are positioned. But obviously the law of large numbers sets in and the comps become more difficult. But beyond that, no. There's nothing we'd really point to.
Katherine A. Owen: You're right. We have invested a lot, in terms of the pipeline, in launching new products. As we mentioned, we did have some supply disruption that will continue into the second half here. As you know, we prioritize M&A across all the businesses, but we also invest in those businesses in order to be able to deliver results based on internal innovation and R&D. So don't think about that business any differently than other areas where we look at opportunities. As you know, we have BD people in all the divisions looking at targets, but also assessing that around opportunities to invest internally and grow the business organically.
Katherine A. Owen: Just keep in mind, when you get that hit at the gross margin, those are also lower SG&A businesses, so part of that big impact, the big SG&A decline as a percent of sales in the leverage is the flip side of that, where you're seeing the benefit both from a product mix as well as the reclassifications.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. So to take the first question, no I wouldn't read anything into 1.7% versus 2.2%. It's within the normal variability that we have historically seen, much like total pricing trending less negative, but still within the range of that 1.5% to 2% that we think about. Yes, very pleased with the robot placement and the fact that we have the early observational studies underway in the limited launch. The order book looks strong. We're excited about the outlook there as we prepare, as we talked about, to going to full commercial launch in 2017.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. So if you think about it, there was no difference in selling days in the first quarter, whether you look at it US, O-US, worldwide. Second quarter we had one extra selling day, which equates to 1% impact overall in our businesses. And then Q3, Q4, there's no difference in selling days US, O-US, or worldwide.
Katherine A. Owen: No. We're not going to get into too many details just for competitive reasons. We do have a supply disruption issue and some supply challenges. We'll work through those in the third quarter. We did highlight the Tritanium product, and a lot of momentum around that, excited about what that product will do for that portfolio. But not going to go into additional details other than to say you should assume the impact lingers into the second half of this year.
Katherine A. Owen: No, we haven't seen any impact and they'd obviously be better positioned to talk about where they are in the launch or signing up customers. So today, no, we don't see any impact. Obviously we believe in the value of the rep and as well as innovation in this market and we're really going to focus on just that and the MAKO total knee launch, which we think has the opportunity to be truly disruptive in the reconstructive market.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, so we're selling the $1 million robots right now. We did 17 this quarter, and that's before we've gone into full commercial launch for what we think is the biggest driver in value with the MAKO opportunity. And moreover, we've been selling very expensive capital in our MedSurg businesses for literally years and years. So we understand how to sell capital. It is fundamentally different than selling implants or disposable, which is why we have a separate dedicated salesforce. We also have for a number of years now had a flex financial group within the Stryker organization, and our MAKO group is using that to leverage their expertise to offer different options to our customers whether they want to buy outright or lease. And so that expertise that's been developed for a number of years through MedSurg is clearly enabling a different type of discussion with customers than was possible when MAKO was a standalone. So we feel really comfortable in our ability to sell capital and the value proposition that's driven by the different applications that will exist on the MAKO robot.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, to be able to do a robotic knee, you have to buy the robot and it will be a closed system and can only use our knee. So that's part of the value proposition. We go in and we have that discussion and articulate the benefits here. So this is very different than just simply coming out with a new knee and not having to buy capital. Yes, that's correct. But it's also very different in terms of the value that we think we'll bring forward and will start to get evidence of as we do these observational studies and look at benefits around less tissue disruption, improved alignment, a number of different factors that we think will help support the value proposition.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, I think it's just early right now. There's been a lot announced, but there hasn't been a whole lot launched. And so I think we're just going to have to wait and see, and do they truly facilitate making the procedure easier or enhancing the outcomes. We do believe there's opportunity for robotics when we look at MAKO in spine, but it is not the focus right now. We are completely focused on the opportunity in recon, and particularly gearing up for the total knee launch. So it's certainly something that we're going to evaluate, but near term it is not the focus.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, we have done that. We've had our Stryker Performance Solution group within the company now for a number of years. They go at risk. We've got convener status. Under the prior program, we're able to share with customers. So this is something that through that SPS, we've got a lot of institutional knowledge. We obviously have a very deep understanding around the reconstructive procedure, what the value drivers are through the entire episode of care, both in the acute and the post-acute setting. So given our long history in ortho, we think we're well positioned on top of the expertise we developed over recent years through our Stryker Performance Solution to really go in and partner with customers, and sometimes go at risk and at others construct models that help them maximize the value chain.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, if you look in the – we break out the pricing and it tends to be more negative in Ortho versus MedSurg, but there's been no real change. Yes, it's trending slightly better or slightly less bad at 1.3% versus the 1.5% to 2% range that we forecast. But we've also seen quarters not too far back where it trended a little bit worse and came in north of 2%. So it's within tens of basis points at the range we're targeting. And there's so many variables between mix, both product as well as geographic that play in there that I wouldn't view this as indicative of some new trend line. I think 1.5% to 2% is a good number to focus on.
Katherine A. Owen: Okay. So when we report price, and I know some companies do it one way, some companies do it the other, we report pure price and then the other number is volume and mix together. So price is negative, pure price negative, in Ortho, and it is offset obviously by volumes and to a lesser degree by mix. There hasn't been a big change in that in recent years, in terms of the overall impact of those items.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it's early. We'll see what happens next year when they start to go into the penalty phase. Again, we really believe based on all our research that the focus there is going to be much more in the post-acute setting since 50% to 60% of the costs lie there for the total procedure, and there's tremendous opportunity to take cost out when you look at the post-acute setting and the number of patients who get discharged to a rehab facility versus home care. That's where we think the biggest focus is going to be, because that's where the biggest dollars are.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, there's been no real change in utilization. Obviously hip utilization was a little bit lower in the US in the second quarter, but no, there has been no overall change in underlying demand across the businesses. It does vary bit to bit. Obviously the demand is going to be greater in something like ischemic. But no, there's been no fundamental change.
Katherine A. Owen: I think we'll have a better sense once we get through that. We're focused right now on really getting to the appropriate inventory level, and getting a much better sense of end user demand, because there is this distributor layer there. So it's difficult to predict right now. The comps get easier in the second half, but beyond that, we just don't have the visibility to say what true end market demand is going to be. As we start to get better visibility into the channel, we'll be able share that with you, but it would be premature to throw a number out.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah. It is early, so it's an accurate comment. Could we see in some hospitals a shift? It's possible. But I think it's too early to say that that's going to be a discernible enough trend or how it impacts the volumes of hospitals where it shifts to, to make any big comments on it. I'm sorry. We just don't have more insights yet given the early stage combined with the fact that there's no penalty in the first year.
Timothy J. Scannell: And Bob, on the deals, this is Tim speaking. The accretion assumptions you cited look good. We're on track, and we would expect you could assume those to be good moving forward.
Timothy J. Scannell: Yeah, there was a variety of initiatives out there where we're simply partnering with systems, healthcare systems, hospitals, to drive patient flow to the right centers where they're performing these procedures. It will be a multiyear process and hospitals all vary in their level of maturity, but it's a very real and big challenge to get these patients to the right centers. But our efforts surround largely education, trying to assist, trying to ask the right questions, trying to connect people with the right consultants, things like that, and make sure their stroke centers are properly operating and they're getting the patients from the ER to the cath or the interventional lab to treat these patients. So it takes many forms. It takes many years, but I think what we're seeing is steady progress chipping away, but it's going to be years and years and years of efforts here.
Timothy J. Scannell: Rick, I would say it would sustain that high single digit growth rate. I think what I said after the deal was announced was that it would be accretive to Stryker's sales growth rate. And I would expect over the next several years to see next generation products in each of three main categories, defibrillators and monitors, AEDs or automated external defibrillators, and circulatory assist devices. This market is now turning into a PMA market in the United States, and so these launches will be global in nature and vary in timing by market. So we're not going to be overly specific about it, but I would say we expect, again over the next four to five years, to have a consistent stream of new products which would drive that accretive sales growth out of the Physio division versus Stryker.
Timothy J. Scannell: On the supply disruption, from time to time each of our businesses may have some issues. In this case it was one transient in nature. It's over and that's about as far as we're going to go in terms of sharing details.
Timothy J. Scannell: I think it will be a longer term process. As we've seen with all our international initiatives, it does take time. And so we do have a foothold in Europe and Canada as we talked about. Areas like Australia may be fertile ground but will take a while. Other areas like Japan will take even longer in terms of regulatory pathways. So we see great opportunity, but it's going to be a multiyear journey for sure.
Timothy J. Scannell: There would be nothing I would point to. I think, as Katherine has talked about in some other areas, the growth rates can vary. It could be based on comps or different countries that did better or worse, or what have you. I think if we dug down into the numbers, CMF might be up a smidge and neurovascular down a little, but nothing that would point to any dramatic shift. I think in general we've had very, very strong performance and to me the good news is that that continues.
Timothy J. Scannell: Well, to add a little bit of color, first I would say we're delighted with the performance of our medical division in the quarter, that they delivered strong core growth while dealing with the challenges of these two large integrations. Their EMS business did particularly well and they performed nicely in their core bed and stretcher business. Endoscopy is having an excellent year. Their core visualization business is performing exceptionally well with the 1588 camera. The communications business is doing well and the sports business is doing well there as well. I would point back to a couple deals we did in 2014, Berchtold and Pivot. These both are kind of in the mainstream now of being integrated and our team is fully in line with their products. So the Berchtold lights, booms and tables have sold well this year. The Pivot products have done very well in our hands as well. And over at Stryker Instruments, this has been a steady, strong performer over time. Their personal protection and fluid waste management businesses were real highlights in the quarter. We do expect a strong second half there as they'll be launching their Neptune 3 fluid waste management system in the coming days. So, I think across the board we were strong. I would also frankly note the sustainability business had a strong quarter and they've done well with recent product launches. And importantly, reprocessed products from Stryker have been embraced as a high quality solution by our hospital customers despite the fact that that's a challenging and difficult market. I would tell you no, there wasn't really any sentiment in favor of Stryker as a result of these deals, but importantly, we've had strong execution across the board, good new product flow, and we're optimistic about the rest of the year.
Timothy J. Scannell: Yeah, I think the growth trends have been similar this year to last year. And certainly further to this law of larger numbers and what have you, the growth rates arguably would diminish with time. But it continues to be a very robust market with very significant growth opportunities lying ahead of us.
