Katherine Owen: Thanks, Steve. My comments today will focus on several areas, including acquisitions, elective procedure trends and implant pricing and, finally, MedSurg trends.  On the acquisition front, we completed four deals in 2010, including three core deals with the instrument acquisition of the SONOPET aspirator, our CMF group acquiring Porex Surgical and the medical acquisition of Gaymar Industries. All three deals further broadened the relevant franchise product offering and allow us to leverage our existing sales forces. As we've discussed previously, our M&A strategy is focused on both leveraging our core businesses, while also moving into key adjacent markets. The early January closing of the Boston Neurovascular division is clearly an example of the latter, and we're excited about the long-term growth prospects that this market-leading franchise offers.  Just prior to our announcement of the definitive agreement to acquire the business, Boston Neurovascular received a long-awaited FDA 510(k) clearance of its next-generation target coil, a key milestone; given coils represent roughly 50% of the $1 billion worldwide neurovascular market. This was followed in late December with 510(k) clearance of the next-generation coil detachment system that allows for coil detachment in less than 10 seconds, representing a demonstrable improvement over the prior system that required upwards of one minute to detach each coil.  Throughout our due diligence, we consistently heard from customers that the length of time required for coil detachment was the key competitive disadvantage for Neurovascular system, and as such, we're extremely excited about this launch. Although still early, we are highly encouraged by the customer feedback and believe these product introductions will help drive accelerating sales growth over time. Turning to elective procedure trends and implant pricing, at this point, it's fairly well-understood that the combination of the global economic contraction, continued rise in healthcare plan deductibles, the expiration of COBRA and unemployment benefits and the high unemployment rate resulted in a slowdown in elective procedures in 2010. Yet despite this perfect storm of adverse events, the joint replacement market still achieved year-over-year revenue and unit growth in every quarter of 2010, underscoring the strength of the market and the myriad benefits realized to patients who undergo hip and knee replacement.  And although a subset of patients have clearly deferred the procedure, we continue to expect those patients will eventually return to the surgery pool, given the high success rates of both hip and knee replacements and the lack of options for the treatment of osteoarthritis. When combined with the increasingly debilitating pain associated with OA and its pronounced impact on quality of life, the ability to permanently defer a hip or knee replacement is simply not a viable option for the vast majority of patients. Admittedly, it's not possible to predict in what quarter or even year patients who deferred surgery will represent, and so our financial forecast assumes a joint replacement market that's similar with respect to growth rates in 2011 as we saw in 2010. As it relates to pricing for our U.S. hip and knee implants, in Q4 we continued to see ongoing Recon pricing pressure partly offset by mix. We also continued to see an ability to garner both price and mix with innovative new products as evidenced by the price premiums we are realizing for ADM and Rejuvenate Hip Systems that were launched in early 2010 and have contributed to a strengthening of the mix contribution in Q4. Although U.S. hip and knee pricing trends remain challenging, at less than 20% of our total sales, combined with a partial offset afforded by mix, we view this as a very manageable headwind as we move into 2011.  Finally, I'll make a few comments on MedSurg market trends, particularly as it relates to hospital CapEx. Recall that approximately 52% of MedSurg sales, including Ascent, are from capital expenditures. In 2010, we experienced a modest and steady improvement in the MedSurg environment aided by our breadth of offering across the various MedSurg franchises, as well as the need for hospitals to resume certain capital purchases.  We also continue to see solid growth from our MedSurg service businesses, which includes Ascent as well as other services offerings. With respect to 2010 representing a catch-up year for hospital capital purchases, we do not believe this was a material factor behind our growth, which may also reflect the nature of our capital product offerings that tend to be relatively lower dollar investments. For 2011, we assumed continued steady growth in our MedSurg businesses, reflecting underlying organic growth, market share gains and the benefit from acquisitions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Curt.
Katherine Owen: Maybe I'll jump in and take that. We don't break out price specifically by franchise, although we've alluded to in Q4. We're in similar in that. We've been seeing ongoing pricing pressure in the Spine business, similar to what the market is seeing. I think it's too early to say that we've turned the corner. We think there's a stabilization trend, how much pricing does or doesn't improve as we go into 2011, I think it's just probably too early to say. And a lot of that is going to be driven by new product introductions and innovations that come into the market. But overall, it's still a challenging market, but one that doesn't feel like it's worsening.
Katherine Owen: We've really continued to reiterate a very consistent strategy, as it relates to our utilization of cash, and it is being three-pronged. We think, given our pretty significant ability to generate cash, it really does give us the flexibility to employ a three-pronged strategy. It's going to include M&A. It's going to include buybacks and dividends, which you saw another healthy year-over-year increase in dividend. There's no change to that strategy. We're fairly large in terms of the number of franchises. So, for example, the integration of Gaymar into Medical really has no impact on anything outside of that division. So the nature of BD, it's impossible to predict how much volume comes through, but there's been no change to their overall strategy. We still think there's a lot of opportunities to leverage our core with Gaymar, Porex, SONOPET, being examples of that, as well as opportunistically look at adjacent acquisition strategies like Neurovascular. And there's no change to that overall guiding principle.
Katherine Owen: I think, first of all, that negative 2% price, that's pure price. So there's going to be an offset as we've been seeing throughout the year, an offset to that comes from mix. But when we're reporting price, we're talking about just the pure price impact. And overall, in terms of the outlook for 2011, a lot of it comes from the cadence of new products that we expect to be launching, the mix benefit that we are seeing to help offset that and just overall trends we're seeing with respect to the market that don't indicate a significant worsening in the overall pricing trends. It's going to bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, as we saw in 2011. But overall, we don't think you're going to see a demonstrable step-down.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I think that's a fair comment, recognizing we haven't seen everybody report yet. But that's probably the way it looks right now.
Katherine Owen: We don't give guidance by individual franchise. We are pleased with how our Trauma business is doing. Part of that are moves that we did, going back a number of years, when we do have a hybrid sales model. And we think that allows us to execute adding products into the bag. So we've got great sales force focused at expanding products offering. Overall, those markets continue to be well. They do move around. If you look at the overall, over the years, quarterly trends that can be impacted by economic fluctuations or weather, et cetera, but overall, we feel good about that business. It's an upper single-digit growth market, we believe, and we feel well-positioned to continue to deliver good results in 2011.
Katherine Owen: We haven't gone into details on new products. As you know, we don't... highlight some of the key products that we're introducing at the upcoming academy meeting across major businesses, as well as our flowing that out at our analyst meeting. I think right now we're pretty tempered regarding growth prospects expectations, both for the market and candidly for our Spine business, and as we look to improve the trends we saw in 2010.
Katherine Owen: I think this is reflective of another one of the key focus areas in the due diligence process. We've obviously learned a tremendous amount to our own quality efforts and applying those learnings to acquisitions that it just adds to the list of areas that we focused on.
Katherine Owen: I think it's too early to really have that level of granularity. It's just one quarter, and its one quarter where everybody hasn't reported yet. So, I think we're clearly seeing a lit bit of movement in metal-on-metal, but I don't think we can get that granular at this point.
Katherine Owen: Not beyond what we've seen in the market where there's clearly been some contraction, how significant it's been, it's still relatively early. Surgeons tend to move pretty slowly one way or the other.
Katherine Owen: Partly offset by mix, net-net, still negative. It's very similar to the trend we saw throughout the year with a little bit of the strengthening of mix in the fourth quarter.
Katherine Owen: No change in expectations. Clearly, we would have been hoping for 2010. As many of you know, it's predicting FDA timelines. And it has become more challenging. So we're hopeful for 2011, we still believe this is going to be a nice product. For our Knee growth, we were seeing the benefit of that prior to the acquisition at sometime in 2011, but nothing more specific than that is the current goal.
Katherine Owen: As we commented on the press release, we are still investing in OP-1 outside of the orthopedic bone application.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks, Curt. In closing, we're pleased that we reestablished strong growth in 2010, while also making significant progress on our quality and compliance initiatives. We believe we are well-poised entering 2011 to both face the challenges that will invariably exist, while also continuing to capitalize on emerging opportunities. We look forward to executing on our financial goals and delivering strong results that will continue to define Stryker as a leading player in the medical technology market. With think that, we'll now open it up for Q&A.
Stephen MacMillan: It certainly really at minimum, it eliminates the headwind. As many of you know, we've lagged the hip market for five years running, largely because of our decision to stay out of metal-on-metal. We feel good about that decision now. We would certainly hope that it will create not just the loss of a headwind but also the opportunities to start the gain on some Hip market share and where possible, certainly, we will always seek to leverage that over to a very strong Knee franchise. So we'll certainly see how it plays out, but I think we really do like our position right now with some new product launches in the Hip space and given the market dynamics.
Stephen MacMillan: Clearly, there's more pressures, but ultimately, we still love the businesses we're in. And I think as Katherine pointed out, for all of the perfect storm against the reconstructive implants last year, they still grew every quarter. Fundamentally, the demographics are on our side. We continue to believe that if we're offering good products and these procedures are not indefinitely deferrable, I think we still feel pretty good about the market dynamics, and most importantly, I'd say we feel really good about our position within the marketplace right now.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, thanks, Rick. I think internationally, certainly, our Knee business had suffered particularly in Europe from the distributor changes we've made and also a lot of the products that we have obsoleted during the year, as well as frankly some slowness in rolling out instrumentation for our Scorpio Knee line, which was really a hangover from a lot of our quality and compliance initiatives. I think we feel better exiting the year and coming into 2011 than we did in 2010, and we'd probably hope for a modest pickup there. And having said that, I think Europe, with the overall market dynamics, may still be soft here for the first half of the year and maybe for the full year. But again, I think we feel great about how we're positioned and globally, probably, it would be a little bit better next year in 2011 rather than 2010.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Matt, I think we feel pretty good about our ability to integrate those and keep those growing, and particularly given product flow and everything else, and Gaymar coming right into our Medical business. That integration looks to be going fine. And Ascent is still on a very nice space. Obviously, a little bit of growing pains here and there, but overall, we continue to really like the outlook and trajectory for that business.
Stephen MacMillan: We've always described ourselves with Recon launches, being a little bit of a freight train, Vivian. It takes us a little, while to get going, and I think that's exactly what we're seeing. I do think we were starting to accelerate our trend in the final quarter of the year and feel pretty good about where it should go this year. But I don't think -- we're not fully ramped up yet but certainly on track.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, on the Spine market, I would tell you, I think we, for a number of years, have been very good at rolling out innovations and sales force expansion. The dynamics of the Spine market last year we probably slowed down our sales expansion. And while we have the cervical plate, we didn't have enough other things to really keep the franchise going. And I think we've been retooling some of the R&D efforts there to get back to a little bit better cadence of product flow. In terms of the iVAS balloon that we launched, it's off to a nice start, a steady start. And again, we point that out as one of those things. We have launched a lot of singles every year, not doubles and triples and home runs that two, three, four or five years out become meaningful businesses. This one is another one of those where nothing meaningful right now, but we like the trajectory.
Stephen MacMillan: Doug, I think we feel really good about our position in every market we're in, in terms of being in sufficient scale to compete very well, and that's where we just looked for the little tuck-in acquisitions here and there, but we feel very well poised. And we always said during the '08, '09 time period, we thought there would be buying opportunities from the economic downturn and that we have positioned ourselves to capitalize on them. Right now, we've got a great set of businesses, all of which are of meaningful scale to compete and certainly don't need anything in terms of getting bigger.
Stephen MacMillan: We still believe more deeply in just going deeply within each product line and then looking for the leverage opportunities across. So, we're not going to diversify for diversification's sake. We're diversifying as we've done for three decades, as we see new business opportunities that are close into our core to keep expanding out.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, I think there's been some element of that, David, certainly with people unemployed and younger people not having as much insurance. Again, given the breadth of our portfolio, not making a huge difference probably.
Stephen MacMillan: It's timing. Don't worry about it. It's just timing. It will be fine. We're not going to lose any share.
Stephen MacMillan: I think, Mike, we're not going to get into strategic direction on this call. We'll probably lay some a little bit more of that of at our analyst meeting later in the year. But I think you can suffice to say, we're looking, still, in the biologic area, and we'll talk about kind of where we're headed.
Stephen MacMillan: It continues to be good. Previous to the last question, I think our International Endo business was up 11% in the quarter. As Curt said, our International Instruments business was up 9%. We continue to feel very good about the trends and opportunities there.
Stephen MacMillan: We still feel great about Triathlon and its longevity. There was a recent registry data out of the U.K. that shows Triathlon has, by far, the lowest revision rate. And for everything, if people talk about evidence-based medicine and registries and everything else, we feel great about the data that's being generated there that I think will give a little shot in the arm even to our organization. So we'll obviously be continuing to look at little line extensions here and there and other things to keep that business fresh.
Stephen MacMillan: Great, thank you, Melanie, and thank you, everybody, for your time tonight. I know it's gone a little long here with a lot of questions. We continue to feel really good about our team and the results we're generating, and our conference call for our first quarter 2011 operating results will be held on April 19, 2011. Thank you, everyone.
Curt Hartman: David, I think there's a couple of items in there that we would point to: one is the integration of an acquisition of this scale especially on a global basis; and two, would be the timing and the ability to ramp up production as well as the training and rollout of the new product. So we're very excited about the target coil approval. We're very excited about the detachment system approval. There is certainly a long, long pathway to product rollout on a global basis, as well as bringing an education of both the selling organization as well as the customer base and keeping in mind that roughly 2/3 of this business is OUS. You're going through many country registrations with the new products as well. So we're trying to factor in all of those various factors into our expectations for this year. And so, I think that's when we get to the neutral to slightly accretive on EPS as well as very muted expectations for top line growth this year.
Curt Hartman: It's an interesting question because it is basically an assumption and it's probably consistent with what we saw this year. We don't, right now, see any things that would point us to worsening pricing trends in Hips and Knees. Katherine's already commented on Spine. And overall, on a global basis, we feel pretty good about what we're seeing in the rest of our business. Again, keeping in mind that most of the focus on pricing in these discussions have been around Hips, Knees and Spine, and Stryker's portfolio of business allows us to absorb a lot of that through other opportunities for innovation and the other products we offer. So I would say our assumptions should be modeled similar to what you saw through the course of this year.
Curt Hartman: And Chris, I would just pile on here and remind you, I think we feel really good about the underlying strength of our business, which allows us to be disciplined acquirers, and we want to continue to pride ourselves on being very disciplined acquirers. And I think the ability to have a strong base business puts us in that position, and we expect to continue to do the same.
Curt Hartman: I think there's a couple of answers to that question. Number one, the organization has been waiting for these new products. So it's a great confidence-builder in the organization. The customer base who's been using the Neurovascular products for many years is thrilled to see this organization bringing them new solutions on the innovative front. So our expectation is it will both stabilize any market share erosion that may have occurred over the last couple of years. I think when we went back and did the math in the last five years, there were approximately 20 new products launched into that space, while this business had none. So the competitive attack in the last five years has been significant. So the ability to give this organization a new product, address customer issues, stabilize their customer base. And then ideally, as we continue to roll out a pipeline of other items throughout the year and into the following years, get the organization back on offense would be the expectation.
Curt Hartman: Sure, Bob. In my comments, in the scripted section on gross margin where that we did see opportunities for improvement in 2011. I want to be measured in that comment, because some of the pick-up you saw this past year in 2010 was directly attributable to some pretty wild swings in currency, especially when you look at our distribution model and where our manufacturing occurs. To the point of shouldn't the results be sooner rather than later. I think one of your statements hit the nail right on the head. The last two years, two-plus years, had been 100% focus on the quality initiatives. That journey continues on the plan that it's on through at least the first half of this year, and we'll constantly be working on enhancing quality systems. The same individual who's responsible for that, as you noted, is also responsible for our global manufacturing network. And as somebody who's watched Stryker for a long time, you know we have a pretty diverse geographic manufacturing footprint. So corralling all of those processes and focusing on the biggest priorities takes a bit of time, and those are the things that we're working through right now. I would tell you over the long term, I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity, but it does take time. And in a highly compliant environment, we cannot afford to rush and make mistakes because any mistake would simply move us back well, well back into a quality journey that we feel like we're making forward progress on. So we're going to be very measured in our approach here and be very disciplined in our approach here.
Curt Hartman: We just put out 2011 guidance. I'm probably not going to jump into 2012 just yet. But obviously, when you do an acquisition, especially an acquisition that has the scale of the Neurovascular one, you're going to see the top line benefit, and you're actually going to see the deleveraging in the P&L. Clearly, one of the goals is to work through the integration and get back into leveraging that additional revenue. And you should assume that our goal is to do that as quickly as reasonably possible, while still sticking with the overall design of where we're going with the Neurovascular business along with our other core franchises. So, I'm not going to give any specifics in 2012, but obviously, that is one of the benefits, frankly, of doing the acquisitions, as you get to the top line acceleration and you have to organize around the P&L leverage in the future periods.
Curt Hartman: It's a simple question, but things, if we know anything about the business; they don't tend to run very linear quarter-over-quarter. They tend to move around quarter-over-quarter. So I would hope that a year from now, you could look back and see our progress. I'm not going to point that each successive quarter is going to materially get better. Certainly, on the integration side, you would expect a lot of those charges to be earlier in the year as we work through some of the big items, but they all take time. And there's always other investments that seem to somehow materialize.
Curt Hartman: I will tell you the Boston Scientific business, they had made tremendous progress, and I would bet that we valued where their new quality systems are, perhaps, more than other people, because they have done a great job. And we feel great about that one.
Curt Hartman: I would tell you it's mostly new product development. The range of products we offer cover all classes of approval, and to the extent that there are heavier clinicals required, we have experienced with that across our product offering. This is really an initiative to ramp up more effort on pure new product innovation and, particularly, as it relates to coming out of the remediation efforts where a lot of remediation has started with R&D in getting our R&D organizations around the world focused on pure new product initiatives.
Curt Hartman: So the first question there was pricing, and just a reminder, Q1 pricing was negative one-point  [Audio Gap] 1.3 and then we to negative 1.5 then 1.8 then 2.1. So we have 80-basis-point movement over the course of the year. It's not anything that's going to require his to radically change our offense, especially when you look at the scale of new product rollouts, both in the U.S. and international markets. So nothing dramatically different outside of what we would refer to as normal pricing pressure, especially if you look back over the company's reported price change over the five-year period when we positionally bounced between plus two to minus two. But I don't think we see anything in the pricing that's dramatically challenging outside of a few key segments, which we've highlighted as Spine, being what we felt was the biggest pricing pressure area. And that goes back to Q4 of '09 when we made that comment. On the NV acquisition, those charges that we've called out in our press release are specific integration-related costs. There's a big inventory step-up charge that materializes over time, and there are other integration-related costs that could be in the form of outside services provided to the deal or just other onetime costs associated with transition of that business from one parent to the other.
Curt Hartman: I don't think you would assume that we're going to break out our business to the size of Ascent on a dollar basis. I think you have to recognize it across MedSurg. Things, as I mentioned earlier, don't always flow evenly one quarter over the next, and I would point you back to Steve's comments that, overall, we feel pretty good about where Ascent stands after the first year. And as we head into 2011, we still have growth expectations for that franchise.
Curt Hartman: We're very comfortable with the intellectual property, and obviously, the amount of due diligence around intellectual property was substantial. So I would say that we feel very good. I can't predict the future as it relates to legal. So I never say never as it comes to legal event in today's society, but our due diligence, we feel, is very comprehensive.
Curt Hartman: Derrick, I don't think there's any fundamental shift of how we view the business. I think if there is a change in MedSurg capital spend behavior, it's at the approval levels. It used to probably be a little more close to the action. It probably moved up higher in the organization, perhaps to the C-suite. And in some cases, that has been relinquished back down to high-level materials management or purchasing folks. And in other cases, continues to reside of the C-suite, and if there is a change in behavior, it's probably our selling organizations have had to learn how to sell on a broader basis, as it relates to capital equipment in the hospitals.
Curt Hartman: Similar to what we saw in Medical earlier in one of the quarters. I feel very good about those businesses.
Curt Hartman: I think, just like any of our other businesses, there are opportunities for sales force expansion in various markets. I'm not going to get real granular there, but as we get into the process of moving the business in the Stryker and all geographies, we'll obviously looking very deeply at what they have or what they don't have, where their presence is adequate and where there may be opportunities to enhance their presence. And we'll get into that as we further ingrain the business and get through some of the basic, what I would call month-one operational issues.
