Preston Wells: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will focus on providing additional insights into the current environment and how certain countries and products performed during the quarter. We saw progressive improvement in sales throughout the quarter, with April being the low point. The improving trends were primarily driven by the resumption of elective procedures. That momentum is continuing into Q3 as July is trending better than June. We estimate that approximately 40% to 50% of our total global revenue includes procedures that are considered elective, or more accurately and be in many cases deferred for a period of time. This primarily includes hips and knees, extremities, spine, sports medicine, and our ENT business. Geographically, elective procedure recovery varied depending on the government action and severity of the pandemic. In addition to the U.S., countries like China, Australia, and Germany have also shown month-to-month improvements as elective procedures returned during the quarter, reaching approximately 85% to 90% of pre-COVID levels. The U.K., India, and Latin America lagged during the quarter at less than 50% of pre-COVID levels, as the pandemic continues to spread in these countries. During the quarter, we saw strong demand for our large capital products, specifically beds and stretchers within our medical division, and ongoing high demand for our Mako robotics technology. In the second quarter, we were very pleased with the Mako installations in the U.S., including increased sales to ASU and competitive accounts. We continue to see a growing percentage of both hip and knee replacement surgeries being performed with a Mako robot. As it relates to knee, there's an ongoing shift towards the metals. We also launched a new software upgrade for the Mako Hip program. That includes features, which improve the overall ease of use. Our leadership in orthopedic robotics, a strong order book, and a solid innovation pipeline positions us well to see continued above market growth in joint replacement. While we have made meaningful reductions and many discretionary spend items, our investment in R&D remains robust, as does our healthy cadence of new product introductions. During the first-half of the year, we are pleased with the customer feedback and results from several new products, some of which include spine [diagonal] [ph] lateral system, mini-frag plating and trauma, and Neurovascular Vecta 71 and 74 intermediate catheters. These and other launches will contribute to our performance for the rest of the year and position us well for the future. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a slowdown in elective procedures, it has also placed increased emphasis on the safety of healthcare providers and their patients. Over the years, we have built an extensive portfolio within our MedSurg businesses, addressing many of the challenges our customers face with the focus on accident, and infection prevention, and caregiver safety. This includes product just like our patient hygiene and disinfecting products, personal protective equipment, waste management and smoke evacuation devices along with the LUCAS chest compression system, which delivers high-quality automated CPR, while reducing the proximity of the caregiver to the patient. With the ongoing threat of COVID-19 infections, the Department of Defense identified automated compression devices, such as the LUCAS device as the best practice for delivery of CPR. Demand for these patients grew during the quarter in response to these increased safety concerns. We will continue to leverage our diverse portfolio to address changing trends and meet the expectations of our customers, caregivers, and patients. With that, I will now turn the call over to Glenn.
Preston Wells: This is Preston, and I'll take that one. Just as we think about where we're going and the expansion of Mako, the opportunity still exists given the penetration that that's currently we're today. I think we have opportunities all throughout. So whether they're competitive accounts that are in or out, we're really just going to all of those different accounts and trying to find areas to place Mako.
Preston Wells: Yes, what I would tell you, as you think about the catch up, there was clearly as we came into the recovery, some level of patients that had previously deferred procedures that were catching up and having those procedures done. We also know that that the backlog was big, and there still are some patients that are out there that have some level of anxiety and maybe they continue to defer some of those procedures for some bit of time. I think it's important though, if you think about the products that we have and the disease states that we serve. Those disease states don't really improve over time, and so, we believe that many of those patients will return to have those procedures done at some point in time. The other thing I would say is, as this pandemic was happening, we do know that surgeons were not only cleaning and clearing through the backlog, but they were also seeing new patients, whether that was in office sometimes or through telemedicine. So, because of those things, we believe that the backlog remain strong into Q3.
Preston Wells: Absolutely, Josh this is Preston. Just to think about you're right. I think with the COVID response for some of that margin capital, certainly saw the big uptick early in the quarter. It's hard to say given where we are and some of the continuation of flare-ups and then shift around of demand, what's really pull forward versus what's going to be the normal, but I would say as we think about that, we still see a strong order book as we exited in our capital businesses, and at this point in time, we've not seen any significant stockpiling of our capital equipment either. So I would say it's hard to tell where that's going to be as we look forward, but certainly strong throughout the quarter, second quarter.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Sure, Bob. This is Glenn. I think in general, we are not giving specific guidance, but that minus 10% is directionally correct across most of our businesses, and then we fully expect to see continued momentum moving into July.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Hey. So, Joanne, I'll speak qualitative to 2021. We're not really looking to guide just yet and expect that that will happen after we have our Q4 earnings call, but as we think about next year, we do think that there will be a progressive recovery more optimistic based on what we see right now, and so, that will obviously play forward into 2021. From a cost structure standpoint, we are sort of experiencing sort of new ways of working and being more virtual and obviously saving on travel and other things, and I think there will be lots of examples of how that might play into our operating structure in the future. We currently have a whole taskforce made up of our senior leadership team that's really looking at [technical difficulty] and how we might come back. So, I fully expect that as we look at our financial model and our operating structure for next year, we'll expect to see sort of the impact of some of that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, hi, Vijay. Yes, you actually, you heard those numbers right. Capacity was around 65%, on average for Q2. And we actually do see it stepping up on an average to about 85% in Q3, but in Q2 it was about 400 basis points impact in terms of sort of fixed period costs that we had the expense as a result of some of those idlings. You could probably do the math on that number, relative to the 85% in Q3 and come pretty close to what we anticipate the amount will be. Keep in mind though that we're forecasting where we think the ramp might be and where it actually might be could be somewhat different and that certainly would impact how we ramp up manufacturing.
Glenn Boehnlein: Sure, sure. On instruments, you know, they primarily have two very large segments, one of those being orthopedic solutions, which is powered instruments that are primarily used in orthopedic procedures. And then, the other surgical technologies, which has our safety products, our waste management products, you know obviously the orthopedic solutions scaled downward with just the elective procedure drop offs in orthopedics. On the surgical technology front, I would tell you that. Yes, I watched some of their equipment was significantly down there you know, personal protective equipment and products that relate to that did very well. I would also tell you that, and I suddenly said this in my earnings script that last year instruments grew almost 19% in the quarter. And so, it was a very, very high comparable and bar that they would have to overcome to even come close to growth and I think you see that impact in the decline they had for the quarter.
Glenn Boehnlein: Okay, Kristen, I will try to cover both of those in one fell swoop here. So you're right in the non-GAAP table, you can see that we recorded charges of about $170 million, and they were related to in-process asset impairments, product lines, and just sort of some other exit costs that that really resulted from our decision to suspend certain investments due to pandemic related constraints. I would tell you that the lion's share of those costs and those in-process costs were related to our 2020 ERP implementation, which we pause as a result of the pandemic. And really just in accordance with kind of the accounting rules and due to all the uncertainties of the situation, we were unsure of what the restart date would be of our ERP project at this time. And so thus we impaired some of those related in-process costs that had been previously capitalized. And then, on the other questions, yes, we continue to have costs that are related to EU MDR. And we'll have those flowing into next year that are just like everyone else of our peers are recorded in our non-GAAP charges and we expected that program will likely continue for about three years, and then on the cash flow front, we -- I think if you look at our cash flow, we just -- for the quarter it just really reflected good working capital performance. You combine strong collections with relatively flat inventories. We continue to work with our vendors on payment terms, and then all of that was just complimented by just the discretionary spending controls as well as measured CapEx spend, and I think all of that combined to produce a really positive cash flow result for the quarter.
Glenn Boehnlein: Sure. Hi, Patrick, this is Glenn. I'll answer that. What our Flex business is as busy as it's ever been. And I would tell you that just given in the current conditions and maybe some of the uncertainties hospitals may have about their liquidity, and I think that the fact that we can use Flex Financial to sort of customize these financial options for our customers is certainly making a very big impact on those capital businesses. I would tell you that during Q2, Mako sales were quite robust and we supported our customers through a variety of financing options. And then lastly -- the last bit of color I'll say is that just, given the circumstances, we definitely are seeing a shift to financing more deals than we have historically experienced. And I fully believe that that will continue throughout the rest of this year.
Kevin Lobo: Bob, there's a reason we're not giving guidance, right, because we just don't know what's going to happen in the future, but there isn't any reason to think that there's something widely different about our business. We performed slightly better than the market, 100 to 200 basis points on top line we've done it for eight years in a row. You should expect us to continue to have the same type of performance, and it really does depend on what the market does, and once we have a better visibility we'll give guidance, but there's nothing unique about our business that would cause us to be widely out of line.
Kevin Lobo: Okay, great. Well, so first of all, starting off with the CARES Act, so $175 billion that's been authorized to go to hospitals, only $115 billion has actually been disbursed. So, there's still another $60 billion to be disbursed, and that's prior to the next round of legislation, right. The next stimulation package will add to that, and so, money is flowing to the hospitals. We are really pleased with the performance of medical, obviously. Small capital tends not to be as much of a worry. They needed to do the procedures. So, that's why it tends to trend very, very closely with elective procedures. They need power tools to do the knee replacement. They need the cameras to do the general surgery products. So, that tends never to be really hit too much. It's more of a large capital that tends to be the constraint, but because of the coronavirus, a lot of our large capital in terms of beds and structures were actually necessary, and we saw those being purchased. Mako was really a pleasant surprise in the quarter to see the amount of robots we're able to install. There was more financing than normal, I would say in the second quarter, as hospitals tried to conserve as much short-term [caches] [ph] as they could, but it's hard to predict how this is going to play out over the course of the year, I would say for now, we're feeling very good about the state of our businesses. Internationally, we had a terrific performance out of medical, and a lot of that is governments around the world really saying this is really important to have LUCAS, chest compression devices, very important to have ICU beds, et cetera, and so, we had just a terrific performance. We also don't have stages as a much smaller business for medical outside the United States. So, that weighed heavily on our U.S. performance. We actually had strong medical capital in the United States as well, but we're feeling very good about the state of the capital business. It's not like the last time where you didn't have this kind of stimulation from the government to tickle going directly into hospitals, and hospitals are very motivated to increase their procedures.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thank you. So, clearly, we'll be at a high leverage point, and we do have intentions to start paying down that debt, but we haven't stopped our business development teams. They're still out looking at targets. I would expect that they won't be much necessarily as large as some of the targets we've done more recently, but you should expect us to continue to be busy with bolt-on type of acquisitions, and as you saw, we had a really strong performance in cash flow in the second quarter, as we generate cash we'll be able to both pay down debt and stay busy in the M&A market.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, sure, Matt. We're not going to get into specific numbers as we stopped providing that, as you know a couple of quarters ago, but I would tell you that we had slightly higher competitive placements than we had typically before, and a bit more activity in the ASCs and we've been selling to the ASCs before, so that's not new, but clearly, there's an accelerating trend towards the ASCs, it was already starting to ramp and I think the pandemic is causing that to increase further. Keep in mind, there's only about 5% to 10% of joint replacement procedures done in ASC, so even though the ramp is picking up, it's going to take time before it becomes a very meaningful portion of procedures, but I would say those are the two areas that were higher than normal, which ASC is in competitive accounts. And then, what I tell you is overall I was pleasantly surprised you know, not knowing how hospitals are going to react. Our team did an awesome job in the quarter of being able to place a lot of robots and even though some more than we're financing the normal, we're totally fine with that, that's something in front of our office for a long time, and hospitals understandably are trying to preserve their options, but the demand and the pull for Mako was very strong. The order book is also very helpful, so this isn't just a one quarter issue and that all goes very well for us as every time we push a Mako, the percent of procedures done on the robot is increasing, and it tends, especially for our knees. It tends to cause an increase in some analysts as well, so those trends are continuing to rise, so it's just lifting all about within drug replacement.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, it's such a messy quarter honestly with I think all the closings that are happening and shutdowns, but scoliosis obviously is seasonal every year, and that's one of the crown jewels of the K2M portfolio, is there a complex deformative system, but there's nothing unusual that I want to call out and because there's so much noise, it's really hard for us to parse it out. There's just a lot of noise and as a it relates to ASCs. Obviously, spinal procedures are done in ASCs, it's not giant today, I think that will increase in the same way that it's increasing in large time procedures.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Thanks for the question. We've been focused on price for a long time, as you've seen over the past couple of years, the pricing overall has moderated within our overall portfolio. So part of it is certainly our efforts, and part of it's just a stable environment, the pricing environment has been fairly stable for some period of time and obviously our portfolio also has evolved over time, and with our portfolio being a higher percentage of MedSurg relative to the total and really some great discipline showing in some of our divisions. If I look at our CMF business as an example there's just terrific price discipline, and a lot of great innovations that we've been launching that. That continued to demand good prices, and so, we're going to continue to focus on that and we continue to expect a pretty stable pricing environment going forward.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I wouldn't expect much in the way of delays. Some of the reasons for the lower spending is just access to labs to do testing, and so, the pandemic did crimp us a little bit, but very modestly, and keep in mind that we really only have two divisions that have PMA products on neurovascular division and our Physio-Control business. And PMA products are the ones that really do demand those clinical trials. And we just have launched a series of terrific products within neurovascular. So we actually have an innovation pipeline that that has is very, very healthy and refreshed within neurovascular. We weren't on the cusp of something brand-new. In fact, we had some really great news in the last quarter on some new approvals. Our surpass evolved, which is our newer flow diverting stent was approved in the United States. Our original flow diverting stent streamline was approved in China and our Atlas stent was also approved in China. So that was all good news, but don't expect much in the way of delays. Our product pipelines continue to march ahead. And I think the makeup of our business being much more 510(k) gives us the ability to continue to launch products at a very healthy pace.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I think, the pandemic caused a slowdown clearly, a lot of activity got slowed down. We slowed down our own activities to some degree, continue to evaluate targets, but put a pause because obviously we were in sort of cash conservation mode, not knowing how long is this going to go on for, but I would say that our DD teams are just as busy as ever, engaging with targets, and I think this will come back just as it always has in the past. There are still a lot of companies within MedTech, a lot of small -- smaller and innovative companies, and we're going to continue to be busy. The divestiture process relates to the regulatory process for the deal. And we're going to continue to stay active on the BD front. Obviously, as I mentioned before, we're taking on a lot of depths with this Wright Medical acquisition, and so, part of our commitment with cash is going to be to pay down some of the debt, but it won't be exclusively and we've told that we will continue to stay active on M&A, but it will be obviously smaller tuck-in type of deals for the near-term.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I'd say it's more -- a bit more of the same at this point. Hospitals are have been looking to consolidate vendors by service lines. We actually embrace that approach because we're very, very deep in each of our service lines and category leaders in the segments that we plan. We are seeing with our ASC offense that having everything that ASC needs, whether it's blooms and lights and operating tables to make robots as well as implants, it really does give us a terrific position in ASC. So, that's an area of strength, but I would say overall not much change.
Kevin Lobo: Well, certainly, if the current marketplace continues, it will be much better obviously because July is trending better than June as we mentioned, but as long as we don't have an outbreak or have to go back to shelter-in-place, as long as this trend line continues where we're feeling good about Q3.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, it certainly includes the United States, and obviously, our business is more heavily weighted to the U.S. And so as that U.S. recovery improves that certainly is terrific for Stryker. Even in Florida today, we're seeing hospitals continuing to do surgeries. And so that -- it's not as if we were -- we're going through what we went through in April. Hospitals for the most part have been pretty well equipped. They are segregating their COVID patients from the areas where they can do surgery. I'm not saying that universally, some hospitals in Arizona, they chose to close elective surgeries down for a week. We saw that, but then they resumed a week after. So I think this notion of complete shutdowns, I don't think we're going to see that unless we have some type of rampant change in the way the virus is mutating and spreading. So, I don't expect that. I think we will have flare ups. And the reason we don't want to give guidance is it's hard to predict the nature of those flare ups and how big those flare ups will be, but even today in the -- in Texas and in Florida and in Arizona surgeries are going on, and that gives us cause for optimism for -- certainly for Q3 and beyond.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I know exactly what you're asking and my CFO on my preceding screen is waving his head saying, please don't give guidance. So Rick, what I would tell you, I'll give you some qualitative commentary. So the qualitative commentary is what the pandemic has provided us has really shown us how effective we can be without having to be the high cost, high travel company we've been historically. We were a very high touch culture. We're realizing that there's a lot that we can do virtually that will be permanent. There's a lot of education, the MedEd, something that you have to do in person in cadaver lab type, but there's others that you don't. You can do very, very effectively and efficiently virtually the buildings and facilities that we have. A lot of we're going to embrace flexible work arrangements going forward, and we are not going to need the same real-estate by any stretch that we have today, and a lot of our CapEx over the past few years has been on office buildings and because of our growth and all the headcount we've been adding and all the companies we've been acquiring. And frankly, we're seeing a big change and what's going to be required in the future. So those are all areas on the efficiency front. And what I would tell you is this pandemic has shrunk our company. Our divisions are collaborating more than ever. And I think the nature of the pandemic has caused our divisions to work more together, and that's sort of one of the untapped assets of Stryker's as we collaborate, we're seeing it with our ASC offense. We're seeing it with the 3D printing. We're seeing it with sort of technology areas where different divisions can tap into enabling technologies as an example, and we're collaborating better than we ever have before, and I think that will continue once we go back to let's say some more normal environment. And it's really unleashing a different kind of potential. So I can't put a fine point on numbers related to this, Rick, but I am feeling a tremendous momentum in the company and the culture is very strong, and these changes are going to make us better as an organization going forward. How we use out those efficiencies that we regenerate? It certainly gives us more confidence and we'll get back to the nice soft margin expansion you saw with the past couple of years. That gives us tremendous confidence. We can continue that, but I think there's some untapped potential in our divisions and through collaboration that we're going to start to see manifest itself in our results.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, sure. So first of all, I would start off with the developed countries internationally. I feel very strong about that, strong about Japan, Australia, Canada, Europe. I mean, we are really in great position in all the developed markets, even Korea feel very, very strong about our position in developed markets. Emerging markets is the big area of opportunity for Stryker over the next 5, 10 years. I feel very good about the leaders we put in place. We put in terrific leaders in our major priority countries, whether it's China, India, Turkey, Latin America, for sure just fantastic leaders, and we had a terrific year in 2019. We grew roughly 20% in the emerging markets and it was outstanding. And we were really heading into this year with the wind at our backs. Unfortunately, the pandemic has thrown a huge wrench into that. When we talked about the problems in India and the problems in Latin America, they're really not Stryker problems. They're pandemic related challenges that we have. I am expecting us to get back into the winning spirit that we had towards the end of the last year, and I feel that because we have the right leadership in place. We have the right kind of models in place. We've gone a little bit more direct in some countries. Turkey is a good example where we bought our distributor. So I do think we have the right infrastructure and it took us time, right? You remember a lot four or five years ago, we were struggling in many of those countries. And -- but I do feel we're on a solid footing and we will recover as those markets recover related to this pandemic.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks. The surgeons that are operating the SCs want to have the best technology, they want to be able to do the same kind of procedures they used to do in the hospital. And I would say the CT scanner, it's not been a barrier whatsoever, at least not recently, I would say when Mako was earlier on, when we were initially launching our Totalknee, we had little flare-ups here and there across the country, about getting the CT scan done, but if you want to do this, the most accurately you need them and very, very accurate scan to be able to do the procedure the best way possible. And right now, I would say it's just a whimper of a sound. We really don't hear much of anything. And frankly, there's a huge degree of interest for Mako and the ASC and that we saw that in the actual numbers in this quarter.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I can tell you right now, we're not seeing, you saw the price numbers that we posted, and I will tell you, we're not seeing much of a difference in pricing in the ASC versus the hospital today. A lot of things really does, I think it's going to depend on the ownership structure of the ASC, is it affiliated with the hospital. I can't predict what's going to happen five years from now, ASCs run very, very profitable. Today, their EBITDAs are very healthy. They're actually, they are financially minded, and they're good business people, but -- so, our hospitals have been pushing us on price for years, and so will there be pressure from the ASC? Sure. Is it going to be unique and different? I don't really see that at least we're not seeing any signs of that right now, but we'll see how that evolves over time.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, that's a great question, predicting S-curve adoption rates or new technology. It's always a challenge, right because it's not something we do every day. It's not like launching a new power tool or launching a new camera, we can predict those curves pretty effectively. I would tell you that there's critical mass is really starting to happen. There's a momentum, there's a belief that this is the future. And so we're past the early adopter phase now, we have hospitals buying their second, third, fourth, fifth, Mako large systems and we have competitive pressures of course that occur related to that, but the evidence and that the happy patients that are telling their stories and surgeons seeing great results, I think we still have a long way to go. It's still very early in the cycle, and we're pretty excited about the degree of interest even through a pandemic to be able to have that type of interest means, we really are getting to the point where it's starting to become accepted. It's starting to people are seeing the benefits. They wouldn't be buying their second or third or fourth, if they really didn't see clear benefits to these procedures. So that gives us a lot of excitement about the future, but I would say we're still in this very early innings. Given that there're 5,000 hospitals out there and a large number of them do orthopedic procedures. We're still at a very early, early phase.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks. No, it's not all the way back yet to the sort of the robust growth I'd had before, but it made a big step forward as the quarter as we sort of move towards the end of the quarter, and we were surprised that we really thought neurovascular is more like trauma, core trauma, that patients get a stroke or going to rush-in and they stayed away from hospitals, it was a bit of a surprise that it went down. And I don't think that was unique to us. We didn't see anything materially different from the competitive landscape, the impacts of the business were really market related, and as the market improves, we feel we're going to be in very good position, especially with the new products. So the new, large-bore catheters that we launched, just a limited launch and even the surpass of all flow-diverting stents, we weren't able to get to all the proctoring and training that you have to do, so that's been sort of a limited launch. So if anything, we have a bit of a new product tailwind. As we get out into or take the latter parts of Q3 and into Q4 but not much on the competitive front, it's really has been a market dynamic issue. Where I guess hemorrhagic stroke, some of it is quasi or let's call it semi-elective, which I would have never thought, but those are coming back, and I say I expect that the market of neurovascular will really improve going ahead.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I think even in capital constrained times, there's certain capital people really want and they will find the money, it means they're going to not spend money in other areas to be able to supply the technology they want, and what we're seeing with Mako is this is technology they want, and they're going to find a way to get it, and if that means using Flex Financial, great, they'll use Flex Financial, if that means curbing certain capital expenditure to funnel it into our business. That's what's going to happen, when surgeons are demanding it and there are surgeons that make a lot of money, one of the silver linings of this whole pandemic and of course, aren't many, but there are some, one of the silver linings is understanding just how profitable our procedures are to hospitals. Most hospitals know it, but when you watch your bottom line sort of evaporates, because you're not doing these high value procedures, and we play in a lot of spaces with high value procedures, neurosurgery, spine, joint replacement. They really want to be able to get that going again and doing that with great technology is very profitable for the hospital. And so, I think there's been some recognition. I've certainly heard that from certain hospitals about how important these procedures are. So our belief is we have just outstanding technology, that that improves outcomes and that the surgeons wants and if the surgeons really wanted, they're going to find a way to purchase it, and so, that may not apply to all of our capital, but it certainly applies to Mako.
Kevin Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q3 results with you in October. Thank you.
