Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will focus on an update of our Q1 acquisition of Trauson, as well as a preview of our upcoming analyst meeting, which will be held on September 4 and 5 at the Homer Stryker Center in New Jersey. With respect to Trauson, we closed on the deal on March 1 and we have been pleased with the performance to date, recognizing the relatively short period of time since the acquisition. With Trauson, we are now a leading player in the lower priced segment of the trauma market, as well as spine in China, which we believe will be an increasingly important market with robust growth potential. The deal complements our existing presence in the premium segment, but provides us access to a different customer base and dealer network. As it relates to the integration, we continue to make solid progress and are on track with expectations as it relates to all key activities. In order to ensure our organization remains focused on building our competitive presence in both the lower priced and premium segments of the Chinese market, we have separate leaders who are running their organizations independently. We remain excited about the prospects for this acquisition, both to expand our presence in China and longer term, to provide a platform that can be leveraged more broadly into the lower priced segments in other emerging markets. Turning to the analyst meeting. We will once again be holding this event at the Homer Stryker Center. For those of you who are able to join us on the 4th, we will be hosting a product fair focused on our neurotechnology businesses. Specifically, we will be highlighting our 6 key business units that address the neurotechnology market, including Neurovascular, Interventional Spine, neuro Powered Instruments, Navigation, Spine and CNS. With the acquisition of our Neurovascular franchise in early 2011, combined with the 2 additional acquisitions of Concentric and Surpass, Stryker is the leader in complete stroke care. But beyond these important businesses, we have additional product offerings that touch the key physician community, including neurosurgeons, interventional neuroradiologists and neurologists, with these products to be included as part of the neuro product fair. The format will allow for informal interaction with the key leaders of these businesses and an opportunity to better understand the key product offerings and how they relate to our broad neurotechnology portfolio. Following the product fair, on September 5, we will have our formal analyst meeting, which will include presentations from our key leaders with opportunity for extensive Q&A. We look forward to seeing many of you at the meeting in early September and hope you find the format and content helpful to better understanding not only Stryker's neurotechnology leadership, but our broader product portfolio. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine A. Owen: There isn't -- Rich, it's Katherine. There really isn't any real variability between hips and knees. So the math that we quoted on the call would hold. And it's 1.5% overall. There is -- if there's any variability, it would be more related to our capital business that tend to be less impacted. But for consistency's sake, we apply the same math each quarter and don't try and adjust because the swings aren't that meaningful. So I wouldn't expect any variability.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, no problem. We filed the Otis 510(k) during the second quarter. And it's difficult, as you know, to predict when the 510(k) clearance may materialize. We're hopeful sometime this year. But obviously, that's going to depend on a number of variables. We have been continuing with the DTC campaign, although the mix of media varies just depending on some of the analysis we've done, which is very consistent with what we said on prior updates. That's not a departure of any type. And we continue to believe that the Triathlon Knee, as the only single-radius knee on the market, has some unique benefits, as well as some extensive clinical history that we believe will help us remain very competitive. And we're pleased with the growth that we saw, recognizing there's always some impact. Not massive, but some impact, given the ShapeMatch is not available in the market right now.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. It did worsen, I think by about 80 bps or so versus the first quarter. Remember, we did anniversary the Accolade launch in the second quarter last year. So there were some benefit that we saw. There was nothing significant I would call out or some change in trend. We've been saying that hip and knee pricing is likely to remain under pressure somewhere in the low-single digits, partly offset by mix, which is going to vary quarter-to-quarter. But there was no significant departure from that.
Katherine A. Owen: Joanne, there's been no real change since our prior update. The market remains somewhat cautious ahead of unknown changes under the ACA for next year. So there hasn't been any significant improvement nor deterioration in what we're seeing as it relates to hospital capital spending. Recognizing our capital businesses tend to have more variability, even when there is no overall market concern. It's just the nature of that type of business. But there's been really no change in the environment since the start of the year.
Katherine A. Owen: No. And keep in mind that spine business includes both our traditional core spine business, as well as our Interventional Spine business, which is faster growing. It had another solid quarter of double-digit gains on the Interventional Spine side. We see no really -- no significant change in trends, in terms of whether it's payor pushback or just the underlying overall market trends. It seems to be moving towards greater stability, but it's still an overall challenging spine market.
Katherine A. Owen: Well, we have filed the 510(k), so we're awaiting FDA clearance. And similar to OtisMed, obviously, we have to respond to any questions from the FDA. And we're continuing to target sometime this year for the clearance, but this isn't a perfect science, as you know. So we're trying to give visibility around both the quarterly impact and the expected impact until we get the clearance. Which again, hopefully it's sometime before year end.
Katherine A. Owen: And also, keep in mind when we're talking about Reconstructive, as we show that category, that's not just hips and knees. So the pricing you're seeing is inclusive of some of our other businesses, as well, such as trauma and extremities.
Katherine A. Owen: No, our comments have been that we expect in any given quarter our R&D as a percent of sales to be somewhere in the 5.5% to 6% range. And it's going to vary quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, it was at the high end of the range that quarter as we continue to make investments that we believe are helping to drive the top line growth. So we don't expect any real change. That continues to be the expectation.
Katherine A. Owen: I think, Kristen, yes. The final employees transferred over in April. So we are now essentially done with all of the major integration-related aspects of that deal, which is in line with what was expected when we did the deal a couple of years ago. And they continue to see very solid momentum. There's really no acquisition benefit in those numbers, just given how small the Surpass deal was. And so it's really a nice -- nice product flow and continuing to have good momentum across both the hemorrhagic and ischemic segments for the Neuro business.
Katherine A. Owen: I don't think there's any real change to our overall market growth expectations. It's somewhere in the 6% to 8% range. It's hard to get total visibility, given that a lot of the companies are -- the sales are a part of much bigger companies that it doesn't necessarily get broken out. But we think the overall market growth is probably somewhere in that 6% to 8% vicinity.
Katherine A. Owen: We've been, as we've talked about in the past, increasingly looking to drive better cross-divisional coordination, but that is still very much in the early stages and I wouldn't want to characterize the performance of any of our businesses as being driven by that at this time. There's been no real change in the overall market backdrop, as it relates to our capital businesses and that we've seen year-to-date. Obviously, we saw very good momentum with the 1488 and System 7, which are capital. And both growing in the double digits. Medical's our most capital-intensive business. Over 90% of that business is capital. Again, hospitals seem somewhat cautious on some of their more deferrable capital purchases, but that's a very consistent trend we've seen throughout the year.
Katherine A. Owen: Bruce, I don't think we'd expect any major departure from what we've seen. Clearly, prior to 2008, we saw very strong growth in capital, but it was a different market environment. We feel there is some hesitancy, as we've said, around the ACA and just general uncertainty. You are right, this is a business that is -- it can vary considerably from quarter-to-quarter. Even where there isn't market uncertainty, that's just the nature of capital, more so for our medical than any of our other businesses. But there's been no real change in the outlook for that business than what we've thought at the start of the year.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. We obviously continue to see good momentum as we're going into year 2 with the camera, which was up double-digits, as Kevin referenced. Comm was down. Again, that is one of the most capital-intensive components, certainly of endoscopy, although the rate was considerably better than the declines that we saw in the first quarter, which was expected when we were on our last call. We would, based on trends, we'd expect a little bit, continued improving trends that relates to comm in the back half of this year.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, you are correct. The vast majority of the revenue in our Foot and Ankle business is associated with elective procedures, that we're very excited about the opportunity there. We've put in place a dedicated sales force for Foot and Ankle, which is largely a different call point than the Upper Extremities piece of the business. And we put that in place in the first quarter of last year. Very pleased with the focus. It's a formula that is tried and true within Stryker, bring a lot of focus and leverage what was a terrific portfolio of products with the Memometal acquisition. And continue to -- invest and expand in the market, which as Kevin mentioned, this is really about a market expansion story more than anything else. What we do longer term, whether it's in upper extremities or other areas, I think we'll just determine that, as we look at the opportunities. But right now, the bulk of our focus is really in that Foot and Ankle area.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. The 1488 launch got underway late in the second quarter of last year. If you recall, we had some initial glitches, which is not unusual when we start to get the products out, used broader in the field. And since that time, we've started to see, obviously, accelerating momentum. I'm really pleased. So they're now going into Year 2. And as we get certainly to the back half of Year 2, the comps get more difficult. It tends to be a roughly 3-year cycle, same with our power tools. So Year 1 to Year -- the first 18 months, the strongest growth. And then you'd start to see a greater moderation, as you start to get to the tail end of the cycle. And there'd be no difference with that with the 1488.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. I would just -- I think on the margin, yes, Surfaces helps, on the margin, some new product launches. Like Power-LOAD, which I believe we showed earlier in the year at the academy meeting. But I wouldn't say medical is in the midst of a major new product cycle that's driving the growth. And I probably don't want to get into a whole lot of granularity regarding the business segment growth rate because we don't break that out separately. But in general, as you look at our -- all of our capital businesses, which are around 22% to 23% of total company revenue, my comments earlier was that medical as a group is the most deferrable, in terms of beds and stretchers just having an inherently longer life cycle, versus something like the capital businesses of our endoscopy and instruments business, where cameras and power tools are technically capital, but they're less deferrable than other certain types of businesses, certainly than medical.
William R. Jellison: Sure. As far as how it affects the rate, it's probably about 10 to 20 points negative impact in this period. And obviously, that's only one area that the rates actually has an impact on the overall performance. In general, as I talked about from an FX perspective, we're exposed obviously on both the transactional and the translational side of the equation. So we generate a significant amount of money and profits both in Japan and Australia and a number of other countries. But we also have transactional-related exposure, where we're selling products into a number of these countries that don't have natural offsets. Currently, the company only hedges those activities once the transaction already occurs. And on the layered hedging program that we're at least looking at and implementing on an ongoing basis, we'd be in essence looking out forward as far as 12 or 18 months and actually putting in different layers of purchases at different points in time throughout kind of that 12- or 18-month period of time. So that we're buying the currencies that we need to have in those periods consistently through that period. And what that does is it just mitigates or buffers some of the highs and lows associated with those exchange rate movements in any one period. So hopefully, that helps kind of explain that. And I'd be glad to get into it more if you've got further follow-up questions.
William R. Jellison: Sure. So -- and that's a great question because, obviously, we've got exchange rates that are already moved, which is why as we look at the full year and look at what the expected impact for us is, it's still obviously a significant drag on this year. We believe that we're going to be implementing a layered hedge program, but that's built up over time. And that's really to protect us against kind of future rate movements. And again, a hedging program is only set up to mitigate that risk. It doesn't eliminate the risk. So as currencies change, you're ultimately getting the impact of whatever those currencies are changing to, unless you, one, either have some good natural hedges established for long term; and also to just mitigate at least or minimize what the volatility of that high or low on those rates are. So if you think of us begin putting in a layered hedging program, we would think we'd have it pretty much in place or largely in place by the time we get into kind of the first quarter or so of next year. And by that point in time, you're going to have multiple layers that are already being established in each one of those quarters. But for this specific year, we're still going to have fairly significant negative impacts based on where the rates are at today.
William R. Jellison: So there's really not a lot of additional incremental cost associated with the hedging program. All the hedges that we would be layering into are really forward contracts. And those are done at kind of a very, very minimal related cost aspect of that. So there should be nothing associated, at least materially associated with anything with the hedging program itself.
William R. Jellison: I mean, so first off, just a clarification of that impact. The impact on the pricing side is about a 60 basis point impact on the overall margin levels. The rates that are out there and what's being put together, as Kevin mentioned and as Katherine mentioned, the ranges of those price impacts actually are different quarter-to-quarter. And it's really based on some of the programs that people are putting into place. But nobody is really seeing any difference in the trends associated with that.
William R. Jellison: Sure. I'd say that if you look at kind of last year's performance, I'd say that we had a weaker or softer cash flow on level in the first half of last year. But I think that, as you saw our inventory days in comparison, especially in comparison to 1 year ago, are down about 8 days. I think in general, we feel very good about kind of the cash flow level that we're looking at. And we should continue to be able to drive that at a solid layout -- or a solid rate.
William R. Jellison: Sure. Absolutely. So a couple of questions there. The first question really deals with some of rate-related impacts and it really depends on which currencies are moving. So in some currencies, we have better natural impacts or offsets associated with it. But when you look at the Japanese yen, for example, and say the Australian dollar, the Australian dollar just in the last -- since the last call, in the last 3 months, has changed about 13% downward. So when we're selling in Australian dollars, but we're buying those products that are sold into that market in either dollars or euros, that's obviously a negative impact associated with it. Same with Japan. So Japan, we had very little, virtually no natural offsets there. Everything we're selling there is really being purchased outside of that region. So because we've had such a significant move in the yen and also in the Aussie dollar, and in fact in most commodity-based countries, that's actually having a more negative impact on us in this specific year than what we'd generally see, even with some higher volatility and rates. And as far as the cost of the program goes, again, there's obviously some additional ramp-up within kind of the treasury group to make sure that we can support that. But relative to the overall cost of both the organization and the cost of that program, it's relatively de minimis. As far as buying that, all we're really doing is we're purchasing the amount that we need in advance. So we're buying amounts, let's say for the second quarter of next year. And we're buying that at different periods between now and then. So that we don't just get exposed to whatever the rate is in that specific quarter, but it's layered in through a number of purchases up until that date.
William R. Jellison: Yes. So I guess, first off, just on the SG&A-related expenses. I think that we're doing a very good job on the covering of that side. We've got our expenses this quarter on an adjusted basis or about 36.7% of sales versus 37.1% last year in the second quarter. I think we had some pretty good first half related improvement. And I think, overall, that we're expecting to continue to -- especially if we can realize this level of top line sales growth, it does allow us to get some leverage associated with our overall business. And I think that that's our expectation moving forward.
William R. Jellison: I really don't think it's actually either of those two. I think that maybe the highlight of that volatility, maybe, has caused us to look at it a little bit harder. But I think that it's just one of the areas that, as an organization, we need to look at to manage risk in general. And we obviously have exposures in a number of different currencies, both on the translation side as well as on the transaction side, as well as really on our balance sheet side. So I mean, we're just looking at it relative to the activities and the practices that we currently have in place and seeing whether we think we should have some additional programs in place to help mitigate any other risk in the organization. So I think it highlights it for us maybe this year a little bit more, just because it's having an impact. But even if the impact hadn't occurred, the risk level still existed. And we -- that's a program that we should have in place as an organization.
William R. Jellison: Well, I mean, a couple of things here. One, we -- I think the organization is already in a -- it's in a good position. I think it's starting from a strong foot on a number of different activities, as well as just with the strength of its overall business performance. And yes, I think that we can definitely make some continued improvements here, looking forward, especially as we see kind of the areas that we're going to be growing sales and focus. But specifically as it relates to shared services, while I've had a chance to look at really each one of the 3 different regions right now and, yes, we've been talking through a number of different opportunities on -- and activities. I think that, one, that's going to migrate over probably many different years. Again, that's not something that just happens overnight. But I think that we've got some good opportunities in a number of areas to just make sure that we're looking at even best practices within Stryker, let alone kind of broadly external to Stryker, because I think we're doing a lot of really good things already within the organization. We just need to maximize on that.
William R. Jellison: I think, one, you should expect us to reevaluate that at the end of every quarter. And I think that we did have some run-off on some expectations. And I think that mostly that's because of, kind of a communications and how we're looking to see and get a good assessment of all the activity out there. I don't think you should expect -- you shouldn't expect it and we shouldn't expect it. I think the numbers that we've got out there are the range that we're currently expecting, based on the kind of the current trends and low levels of expectations moving forward. If it does change within this quarter or within the next quarter or anytime in the future, we'll be reassessing that and trying to give us at least our best estimate of what that new range may be. And it could actually move in either direction. And as I mentioned, the range that we do have out there today does not include any potential offset from any insurance recovery on the backside. And we don't want to book anything associated with that until, obviously, we get closer to understanding exactly what that may be. And if we do book some, that will be, as well, a non-GAAP related adjustment that we'll highlight for you.
William R. Jellison: No. I think that as we've kind of looked through the back end of the year, we're obviously still getting hit by some of the lower interest rate, especially on the investment incomes, and we're still obviously sitting with a fairly significant amount of cash. But I think that from a year-over-year comparison level, I think the back half is probably not going to have as negative of an impact as you saw in the second quarter of this period.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, sure, Bob. Thanks. What I would say is basically consistent with what I said last quarter, that it's going to take a while before we really see if there'll be an impact. I would say, not before the end of the third quarter will we have a good sense. We feel pretty good about our knee performance. It's in line with the market, despite the fact that we have our ShapeMatch Cutting Guides off the market. So we feel we're doing well. We hear noise a little bit here and there about trialing, but it's very minor at this stage. And like I say, we're not going to have a good understanding probably until the end of the third quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, so sure. As you know, Europe, the turnaround story has really -- really began last fall. We put a lot of new leaders in place. We've really focused the company on turning that around. We've had great exchanges with our U.S. counterparts, the head offices in U.S., to help drive that growth. We've also sent over one of our top leaders, who is leading the knee campaign in the U.S. He's now living in Europe and helping to run the orthopaedic group in Europe. So I would say, it's a number of factors leading to sustained performance. And we've seen the improvement gradually coming. It came through, obviously, very clearly in this quarter. But it's only 1 quarter. So I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I think we need to see that sustained. But I really can't point to one thing. It's a real focus commitment, really starting with leadership and alignment. And driving what we have, our great products. And we just have a disproportionately lower share in Europe than we do in the U.S. and to other markets like Australia, Japan, Canada. And so that's really the key point -- part of the turnaround, Europe being a negative sales over the last few quarters finally turning to positive sales this quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. I would not characterize the market as deteriorating in terms of price. I would say it's very stable. Stable in the low-single digit. From quarter-to-quarter, we do tend to see a little bit of variation, but it's nothing that concerns us.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. Matt, I -- thanks for the question. I would say that, that's a trend we've been seeing for a little while now and I would attribute it to the more elective nature of knee procedures. If you have hip pain and you're lying in your bed, you feel the pain; versus a knee, it can be deferrable and you could get HA shots or other things that can delay your procedure. So I would 100% attribute it to the more elective nature. Just on hips, I would have to say I'm extremely pleased with our performance in hips, given that we obviously had to undergo a recall starting last year. You have not seen our business go negative in hips, certainly in the United States, where the recall was most intense. In the third quarter of last year, we had a slight dip in our growth rate, but it was still positive growth. And what you've seen since then it's -- can sustain positive market-leading growth, in spite of having to manage our way through a recall. So I think that's a tribute to the leadership that we have in our recon group in the United States.
Kevin A. Lobo: At the end of Q1, they were largely back on the market. So what I would say is, we had a pretty pure quarter in the second quarter. And as you know, we've been growing above market in trauma for a number of quarters, frankly a number of years, certainly in the United States. It was nice to see our International Trauma business pick up as well. But feel very bullish and very confident with our Trauma business, our great leadership that we have in place. And very, very strong performance in the second quarter, again.
Kevin A. Lobo: So first thing, I would start with the market. I would say that the market in Europe is -- had the same challenging market that it has been, frankly, over the last couple of years. Trauson sales are only in China. There's virtually no sales outside of China. So they're -- the impact in Europe is -- has nothing to do with Trauson. It's really our own operational performance. And what I would say is our actions, that we had lost market share for a number of quarters and we started to address that with vigor, starting in the fall of last year. I'm very pleased with our performance in the U.K., in France. Spain has really turned the corner and we had a very strong quarter in Spain. And a number of the other smaller countries, we've really -- with better leadership in place and more focused, we've been driving improvements. Italy and Germany actually improved versus the first quarter, but those are 2 countries were we still have work to do. And I -- we'd be looking for more improvement from those 2 countries later on. But this is really an operational improvement story. But we have to be honest that this is following a period of a number of quarters where we were underperforming the market. Our goal that we stated last year was to get back to market growth by the end of the year. We're obviously on that trajectory, based on a very strong performance this quarter.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. I'd say, Kristen, just to add one comment. The product launches have been terrific in coils. So in coils, we're clearly the leader and we're gaining market share pretty significantly with nanocoils, long coils, just a whole series of launches over the last few quarters that are really boosting that business. And as you know, we -- that management team stayed in place, as we acquired the business from Boston Scientific. And the R&D engine is really humming very, very well.
Kevin A. Lobo: And related to the comment on gaining share, we're gaining share in coils. Certainly, when you look at the ischemic market, as well as the history of the flow-diverter, the stent, we're still enrolling patients in the trials. We don't have that product on the market in the U.S. So our share gains are really in the plumbing segment.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, first on the hip market, obviously, not everybody has reported yet. I would guess that it's probably growing in the low single digit. We have been at the high ends of market growth for a number of quarters now. As I mentioned earlier, very excited about our hip leadership. We launched the Secur-Fit Advanced product recently, which was a fit-and-fill stem on the heels of Accolade II being launched a year ago. So we've had very good products flow, including our RMDM and ADM cups that we launched not so long ago. So it's been a very, very good product flow. And great execution in the field that's been driving above-market growth in hips for quite some time now.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, first of all, we love being in this market. It's a high-growth market. Until I read the reports, it will be hard to say exactly what the market growth is. But I would say the 10% to 15% range is probably about right for market growth. I think we are taking share from a number of players. It's a fairly fragmented market. I wouldn't say it's from 1 particular player. The bigger issue is that it's a market expansion story. So we're frankly more concerned with growing the market than we are with individual competitors, because there are so many implants that are not used today to treat hammertoe procedures or bunions. And then that's really where the bulk of our growth is really coming from, the electric procedure area, which makes up the vast majority of our foot and ankle business.
Kevin A. Lobo: So clearly as neuro takes on a larger portion of Stryker's overall business, you would expect a slight tick up in our overall R&D rate. So that's a business mix issue and as neuro does demand a slightly higher rate of R&D spending. But it really is an across-the-board commitment to really invigorating our pipelines. I've had the chance to travel to all of our businesses and do business reviews, including the pipeline. I'm very excited about what I'm seeing. At that stage, we tend not to want to talk too much about a lot of the new products, but you can see with our success with the 1488 and System 7, that new products are the lifeblood of the company. And we're committed and focused on continuing to drive above-market growth through strong investments in research and development.
Kevin A. Lobo: What I said in the upper extremities is we -- in the Shoulder business, in particular, we launched our new primary shoulder a year ago. And we have a reverse shoulder that's in our pipeline, which we hope to launch by the end of the year, or let's say around the end of the year. Once we have the reverse shoulder launch, that will really give us a complete portfolio. We would love to drive pretty significant growth. But we're not going to see much of that this year. That will be really more of a next year's growth opportunity.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. I'd just like to jump in, just to make a quick comment. That obviously, Bill has years of experience with layered hedging programs. And I think bringing him on as the new CFO with a fresh set of eyes, there's a risk we had known about at Stryker and Stryker's has lived with this risk for many, many, many years. Rates have never moved with this kind of dramatic -- just in terms of intensity, as well as the shortness of the timeframe. So it's a risk we've known about, but it's a risk that never materialized in such a dramatic action. But Bill has that experience and, obviously, the two of us spent a lot of time talking about it. We really believe this is the right step to move forward with that will smooth out those variations. And then our true operational performance can shine through.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, I would say that moving back to the mean is never an objective, obviously. We've been above market for, I think 8 quarters in the United States. At least 8, if not more than 8. And in the middle of that, we had a recall. A pretty significant recall. So I feel really strongly about -- I just had a review this week -- earlier this week with our hip business in Mahwah and very excited about the cadence of new products over the next few years. They shared with me, the execution in the field has been fantastic, dealing with this recall and then continuing to sell and not making excuses for it. So I believe we can continue to sustain market leadership. That doesn't mean every single quarter we'll be #1, but we certainly have a terrific product portfolio that's existing. Accolade II still is continuing to grow at robust rates. So even though it was launched a year ago, it's certainly not reached its maxim. Same with our mobile bearing hip offerings and close cuts are still gaining traction. A lot of surgeons use those initially in revisions, but they're having great success and now they are thinking of using those cups in primary procedures. So we still have very good runway with the new products that were launched, let's say 1 year to 2 years ago, in addition to the Secur-Fit Advance that was just launched. And they -- we do have a pipeline looking ahead that excites me. So I don't -- would not expect us to suddenly fall off on hips. But from quarter-to-quarter, any one quarter, somebody might nudge a little bit ahead of us. But we're certainly playing for market leadership for the long term here.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. But in this quarter, it was strong double-digit growth. So when -- I would not say we're at the anniversary stage. And we have good expectations in the second half for endoscopy. The camera should continue to grow well. And in addition, Katherine mentioned earlier the Communication business, the drag that we had in the first 2 quarters was certainly lessened in the second quarter and should start to turn modestly positive in the back half of the year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Whenever you have any kind of transition, there's always opportunity. But they had a very, very small share of the overall market. So any gains that we would get, I would say look at all the players likely to be able to capitalize a little bit. But given how small their market share was, it wouldn't be something that would be meaningful to our overall results.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure. We've acquired Orthovita, as you know, recently. And we were very pleased with the Vitoss product, which has been sold by our Spine business as well as our Trauma business. Last year, Spine took full advantage of that and really had terrific performance. I would say this year, Trauma has picked it up and Orthovita's starting to have a little bit more of this positive impact in Trauma than it did last year. But we really like that business. It has very good clinical data. And we continue to have runway for growth in Biologics. We have a dedicated business unit which focuses just on R&D and making the product. And then it's sold through our existing sales force. So that was the thesis of the acquisition. We're pleased with that acquisition. But frankly, the BMP issue on Medtronic, that -- their decline has really happened over the last number of quarters. It seems to be starting to level off and maybe there might be a little bit more decline. But whatever benefit has accrued, whether it's to us or other players in the market, it's pretty much behind us. We do also have some Biologics sold by our Sports Medicine and our Foot and Ankle business. We entered into a distribution agreement just recently on that. And that seems to be going very well as well. So whether Biologics will continue to be an area of focus for us in the future. But we have a pretty good portfolio right now that we're looking to maximize.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes. The only thing I'd add is, we really like being in the medical business. It is volatile. So from quarter-to-quarter, we do have to deal with that volatility. But there are new products, whether it's the Power-LOAD -- there's a new wheelchair that they launched recently, which did not contribute in any meaningful way to sales in this quarter, but those types of investment, you'll start to see the benefit over time. So we are committed to innovation in medical. And over the cycle, with the ups and downs, we certainly -- we do expect to be growing at above-market rates and we really do enjoy that business.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you, all, for joining our call. Our conference call for the third quarter 2013 results will be held on October 17, 2013. Thank you.
