Kevin A. Lobo: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's second quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are Bill Jellison, our CFO, and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Following my opening comments, Katherine will provide updates on MAKO, neurovascular and our Transatlantic Operating Model. Bill will then offer details on our quarterly results before turning to questions and answers. The second quarter results underscore the momentum we are seeing across our three segments as we leverage strong sales and marketing execution and realize the benefits from both internally developed products and acquisitions. We are focused on growing organic sales at the high end of MedTech and this marks our ninth consecutive quarter of achieving organic sales growth of at least 5%. Our strong U.S. businesses which represent about 70% of our sales had stellar growth of over 9% led by double-digit growth from medical, trauma and extremities, neurotechnology and instruments. Medical and trauma continue their excellent performance and neurotechnology has been bolstered by new clinical data that Katherine will discuss. Instruments had a nice recovery from Q1 as much of their product [indiscernible] issues have been resolved. Our U.S. Spine business was also a bright spot posting 9% growth in the quarter. We are encouraged about the growth of recent product launches such as AccuLIF from the CoAlign acquisition and have a robust pipeline of new products that will be launched over the next few years. This product flow when combined with the strength in management team positions Spine well for the future. Outside the U.S., our performance was largely consistent as strength in Europe and a continued improvement in Japan was offset by some softness in other markets including parts of our China and Latin America businesses. Looking at the P&L, the establishment of our European regional headquarters and related tax benefits are tracking ahead of our expectations. As previously conveyed, we are reinvesting roughly half of our tax savings to support our new structure within Europe, which is reflected in the year-over-year increase in SG&A. Our strong top line, disciplined expense management and better than expected reduction in tax resulted in adjusted EPS of $1.20, which was the upper end of our $1.15 to $1.20 range that we targeted heading into the quarter. We expect our first half momentum to continue including an improved tax rate, and consequently we are raising both our full year sales and adjusted EPS targets to 5.5% to 6.5% and $5.06 to $5.12 a share respectively. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin A. Lobo: Thanks Bob. Our capital allocation strategy is unchanged and we still have M&A as our first priority and use of cash and you can see based on the activities done over the past couple of years, they are contributing to our esteemed organic growth performance because after the anniversary of the first year then they become part of our organic business, and we still see significant scope for acquisitions within the three segments that we planned to date. So that continues to remain number one and as we've mentioned previously, dividends we intend to have steady increases at least as fast as our earnings growth, potentially a little bit faster than that, and then share repurchase is the more fungible one which really varies depending on the timing and the flow of deals which as you know is inherently uncertain. But no change to our strategy, the strength of our business frankly reinforces the strategy that we've been deploying over the past few years.
Kevin A. Lobo: So I feel very good about all three of those businesses. Neuro has been a trend we've seen frankly for multiple quarters and it's now being accelerated because of the ischemic stroke segment that Katherine mentioned which will be a multiyear journey, and that was based on the Concentric acquisition which we did in October of 2012. So neuro has been really a continuation of a multiple quarter experience. On MAKO we turned the corner really about the midpoint of last year and you've seen sustained improvement and I expect that to continue. We're of course very anxious for the Total Knee approval which we believe will be another catalyst for enhanced growth, but our organization really has embraced this, the sales force integration is now really humming. So we're feeling very, very good momentum and excited. We got over our back order issue that plagued us a little bit in the first quarter, we were able to get through that on MAKO in the second quarter, so feel good about that. Spine really is the one business that's turned the most and the most recently, and I'm really encouraged because it's based on a combination of product launches and numerous product launches. If you look over the past two years, we've launched more than we did in the past four years. If you look in the first half of this year, we've launched more in any six-month period than we've launched probably in the last three, four, five years. So we've really gained momentum, we have new R&D leadership that has an exciting flow of products, and of course we've added some acquisitions as well with CoAlign, with the BIO4 biologics. So we have a number of products and the product flow going forward I feel very good about, and as you've seen in spine, innovation is rewarded and you grow through innovation in new products and that's a truism across large and small players in spine. So the innovation is alive and well in spine and our management team has been strengthened over the past year or two. So I feel very good about our prospects of spine going forward.
Kevin A. Lobo: I would say it's really too early. I mean this deal is just closing right now. We haven't seen much of an impact there. The MAKO already had a very sizable portion of the Uni market as it was and certainly every time there is a change, any type of acquisition, whether we're doing an acquisition or whether someone else is doing an acquisition, as the companies integrate there usually is opportunity. So we'll see how that plays out but right now it's too early to say. It really didn't impact this quarter, that's for sure.
Kevin A. Lobo: I think, Kristen, this is Kevin, just wanted to underscore what Bill said, so a good portion of the reinvestment is establishing that European structure and there's cost related to that. So the tax benefit, it's not like a one-time event that's a windfall. This is like remapping our transactions, creating a structure, creating this headquarters. There was a significant amount of cost involved in creating that. Of course it's driving significant financial benefits through the tax plan and those benefits will be there for years to come. So this for us is an investment that is clearly paying off but it is directly related to each other and it's not that the tax area is just a windfall and comes for free. There was a cost associated. It appears on two different lines of the P&L, but net, it's a huge positive for us and one of the contributors to our raised guidance.
Kevin A. Lobo: Just on trauma and extremities, this has been a multi-year story, right. So if you look at 2012, 2013, 2014, each of those years in the U.S. we grew at least 15% and based on the first half of this year it's safe to say it looks like we're going to deliver another 15% or more growth. So that's four years in a row. So we've just seen sustained performance. Foot and ankle has been a huge contributor to that, that continues to grow extremely well and it's a little bit like the stroke market Katherine is talking about, it's been a market development story, so kind of hard to predict. It's frankly exceeded our expectations when we created the foot and ankle business unit but that's a team that knows how to perform, it's been performing consistently year after year. So we're excited. We still have a lot of room for growth in upper extremities. So while we're very pleased with our performance, it's not that we've reached the end of the growth opportunity. We're still actually a smaller player in upper extremities and we see that as potentially exciting area for the future.
Kevin A. Lobo: So what we saw with the initial pilots on the bundled payments is we really didn't see any different dynamic in pricing. So the price pressure we expect will continue as it is currently. Once they start to focus on the total episode of care in a bundled payment, they tend to make much more focus on post-acute costs, which frankly outpace the cost of an implant. So we see this as a trend that really doesn't disrupt the implant pricing. We'll have the same pressures we had before. If anything, it might start to drive them to rationalize towards less suppliers of implants. In that world, we like that kind of consolidation to us is an environment where we feel we're well-positioned to win. So to us this is a dynamic that we've seen in pockets and we haven't seen our business adversely affected by a move to bundled payments. It's like I say, the post-acute costs are very significant and once they're shown in spotlight that's where I believe more of the focus will be placed than on the implant cost. That's not to say the implant costs are not immune from price pressure, but I don't see it as a new catalyst.
Kevin A. Lobo: I'll start with the China question. So we saw a really good performance with our implant business. Where we saw the slowdown was in capital equipment. We saw that quite sluggish in China in the second quarter and we even saw in Latin America also the issues that we had were more pronounced in capital equipment than in our implant business.
Kevin A. Lobo: So it's hard to generalize because every division has its own story. So if you look at trauma and extremities and the performance there, that's a lot of innovation, creating a new business unit for foot and ankle. So I think each division has its own story. The overall tailwind around capital equipment is undeniable and I think you see that in the marketplace. So that's been a real positive. But if you look at our instruments division as an example, even before the tailwind they were really performing at a very, very high level and double-digit growth kind of performer and getting Neptune back on the market and growth there. So I feel really strongly about all of our divisions' leadership, their innovation pipeline, looking at the way they look at acquisitions, I get a chance to go around and visit with every division and we strengthened our leadership in many areas and we have very, very strong positions. So we were growing faster than the market when the markets were a little bit down. Now the market is certainly moving up in the capital equipment side and we're taking full advantage, but you can see even in an area like medical that's done two deals just in the past year, they are smaller deals but they are adding to the innovation that they are doing organically and innovation wins. And so when the market is good, you see the numbers are buoyed but I'm not worried about as we get into comparatives that are a little bit higher that we can sustain strong growth.
Kevin A. Lobo: Overall, we still have a long way to go in China. I would say the Trauson acquisition was a great deal for trauma and spine and we're expanding in China. We are still about to launch in India, so we don't sell Trauson yet in India. We're launching that in the second half of this year. We are still waiting for approvals in Brazil. We will launch that next year. So I think Trauson has a lot of room to grow outside China. Inside China I'm very pleased with that but we don't yet have lower-priced hip and knee offering. That's something that you could see in the foreseeable future, that's something we'd want to pursue. We're not still covering all of the territories in China, so we're continuing to grow our sales force in some of the more remote areas where we still don't have access. So we've been growing our China business very strongly over the past five, six years in both the premium segment as well as the lower-priced or mid-tier segment, but we still have a long way to go. I would say that the market potential in China is still very significant. Right now obviously you're hearing a lot about the China slowdown but I think within healthcare we still believe we have a lot of room to grow, and certainly on the MedSurg side that's been an area of the endoscopy business, it's been a very strong business but our other MedSurg businesses don't yet have a very, very strong footprint in China. So we still see a lot of opportunity and we are learning a lot about the mid-tier segment and Trauson was our first foray into that segment and figuring out how to win in that marketplace with other products is something that I see maybe not the next year but in the next five years as very important for Stryker. So we still have a long way to go.
Kevin A. Lobo: In which country, sorry? Oh, she got cut off, I'm sorry. The question was in China, so we obviously use a distributor network in China and we have a separate set of distributors for the Stryker premium business and a separate set of distributors for the mid-tier segment. And what I mentioned to you is we've got very good coverage in the big cities and in some of the surrounding areas but pushing to the western part of China we still have room to grow and that will largely be through expanding the distributor network. So it's not so much about direct sales force, it's more about making sure we have the right distributors to cover the rest of the country.
Kevin A. Lobo: With the kind of growth we've had over the past few years, I would say the bulk of it is market development, but you can't grow at this kind of rate without taking some share. So I'm sure we've taken some share along the way but this has been really more about a new market story where we're getting people that weren't using implants to start to use implants. That's been the biggest engine of growth within foot and ankle.
Kevin A. Lobo: I would say we have a flex financial unit within Stryker that provides various options to make capital easier to acquire and we have used that for some of the sales of the robot. But frankly though the vast majority have been direct purchases thus far, so the hospitals are finding the capital and they are [pruning] [ph] it up but we do have an arsenal of, a range of options for them to choose from, and I think going forward – certainly Europe is an example, as we start to expand MAKO in Europe I think using financing will be much more prevalent than it is here in the U.S., but in the U.S. they've been, the vast majority have been direct purchases.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the [second] [ph] quarter of 2015 results will be held on October 22, 2015. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. The focus of my comments today will be on providing an update on MAKO, progress with our Transatlantic Operating Model or TOM as well as some comments related to our neurovascular business. Starting with MAKO, we placed 13 robots globally, representing a Q2 record. This follows a Q1 record level of nine and a Q4 2014 record of 20 robot placements. Of the 13 in Q2, we placed two in Australia which represents our first sales in this key market for Stryker where we command a market-leading position in hips and knees. During the quarter we initiated robot upgrades which will enable Stryker hip implants to start being used on the robot in Q3. The upgrades to the installed base will continue throughout 2015 and into next year. As you are aware, our Total Knee 510(k) application was submitted to the FDA late last year and we have responded to the agency's questions with no current change to our target for clearings in 2015. Shifting to TOM, with the completion of Q2, we are six months into our new Transatlantic structure and are pleased with the progress we are making to optimize our European presence. We continue to invest in this initiative through a portion of the tax savings and all of our key leaders and commercial structures are in place. We continue to see improving top line momentum in Europe and believe we are well-positioned for further acceleration particularly as we head into 2016. Finally, the European regional headquarters represent the flagship for our presence in Europe as we bring [HCPs] [ph] into this site for training and education. We believe this will be key to strengthening the Stryker brand in Europe and enhancing our relationships with physicians at hospitals. Lastly, I will make some comments relating to our neurovascular business. As Kevin mentioned, we like the momentum in neuromuscular space and the recent update of AHA/ASA guidelines are one of the multiple drivers to market expansion. We expect to see similar guidelines coming from Europe and Japan. Specifically in June for the first time, the AHA recommended that patient should receive endovascular therapy with a stent retriever for the treatment of ischemic stroke which represents the vast majority of the roughly 800,000 strokes that occur annually in the U.S. alone. These guidelines represent the first new stroke treatment in two decades to win AHA's strongest backing. The usual treatment of an ischemic stroke is to administer a clot dissolving drug known as tPA. However, the drug must be given within 4.5 hours after symptom onset. With stent retriever, the clot can be quickly removed in the patient to restore blood flow to critical vessels in the brain. Late last year and earlier this year several major studies including the MR CLEAN study found stent retrievers dramatically cut the risk of death or disability in patients whose clots persisted after treatment with tPA. The new AHA guidelines recommend patients be treated with a stent retriever if it can be done within six hours of symptom onset and if they have a severe stroke caused by a clot in a large artery. Clearly the mounting clinical data and support from AHA underscore the opportunity for endovascular treatment of stroke. However, it's important to note that much work needs to be done to further develop the market, including the optimization of EMS transport systems and inter-hospital transfers, protocols and hospital infrastructure and investment in the human and physical capital to absorb the patient volume. Stryker remains committed to continuing its investment in stroke innovation with the recent launches of Trevo 6mm, 3mm and the 40/30 or long Trevo, this combined with further clinical studies such as the DAWN trial for late and wake-up stroke patients. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say, David, it's more the former as we've got the integration challenges that we had early on last year behind us and the team is really working together in leveraging the considerable breadth and depth that we bring along with the MAKO expertise. We are in the process as I mentioned around doing the necessary software upgrade that will enable us to start to put our hip implant on the MAKO. We have the clearance but we have to do that work and that will continue through this year and into next year as well. And then the knee indication, we are looking to get that clearance hopefully sometime in 2015, it's in the hands of the FDA. But keep in mind it is going to be three, four quarters before we've gone through the necessary training and upgrade and work that's going to be needed to be done to make sure that that launch is truly optimized. So I would make sure to just consider that it will not be a light switch when we get that indication. It clearly enhances the value proposition of having a robot, but it is going to take some time to make sure we really optimize that launch.
Katherine A. Owen: I think that there are some well-established in the minority stroke centers that were well-prepared for this clinical data that we're expecting it to be positive but they had done a lot of that market development and had the patient inter-hospital transfers and the various work that needs to be done completed. So they were good to go but that does not represent the majority of places where patients would need to go. So I think you're seeing an early benefit but there really is going to need to be a lot of market enhancement work done between us and others as well as additional clinical data. So we feel really excited, the data is truly compelling and the impact that this can have on patients is just it's clear that these devices have a very clear role to play, but it will take time for this to be broadly applicable with all stroke centers which is what we're trying to signal. I think it's too early for us to size the market up. We'll just have to see how this plays out on paper with roughly 80% of the 800,000 patients who have a stroke being ischemic and get to some very big numbers, but I don't think we want to get too far ahead right now until we've got some more time to see how the market develops and the neurovascular community embraces the data and the market development work.
Katherine A. Owen: I would put that in the range of normal variability. It can bounce around in the 10s of basis points. So obviously it's better when it improves or it's less negative, but I wouldn't point to any change or difference in what's going on in the market.
Katherine A. Owen: I would attribute it to both. The medical group is doing a great job executing on product launches, some of which you may have seen at our product fair in June. The environment is stable, it's inherently volatile as we've seen over the years, but the outlook is very stable right now is how I would characterize CapEx, particularly for medical.
Katherine A. Owen: Without a doubt those customers who are going to see greater value in the robot with more applications and the total knee is the biggest one. I have no doubt there are some who have waited and I'm not sure I would necessarily model some step function change or bolus, this is a tough business to model, but it clearly strengthens the value proposition, but really the real driver will be a few quarters out once we start to do the upgrades and see more and more traction. So I think in theory it makes sense, I think we'd be a little bit hesitant to get too aggressive and modeling any type of step function change.
Katherine A. Owen: I think the way we continue to view it as clearly M&A is the primary use of our cash as we've talked about, we have dedicated BD people in all of our divisions who are actively looking at targets and that's the reason why we were able to identify CoAlign and seen the benefit of that product from that acquisition. So they are always going to be out looking at ways to augment the portfolio, but first and foremost we look to invest in the business and build it organically. And so we're never going to rule out acquisition targets in any area and they're going to vary in size. As you know most of ours tend to be relatively small to midsized targets but those BD people will continue to look at market opportunities.
Katherine A. Owen: I don't want to speak to any specific division. We said we're focused on our core and key adjacent markets and spine is one of them but we also do a lot of relatively smaller deals that I'm not going to rule out continuing to augment our portfolio. We do that when businesses are performing well and we continue to invest in them. So there's no deviation or change in the overall strategy. Each deal will stand on its own merits but I wouldn't want to single out any one division and say they are off the BD market for any period of time.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, it's going very well with established stroke centers that are very sophisticated and who are ready to go. I think a lot of those other stroke centers are waiting for data to be a catalyst to say we have to start to do this work, and this data that's come in like MR CLEAN and will be coming in is certainly that catalyst but it takes time. If you think about that laundry list of market development items I mentioned, those are not something that will happen in a quarter or two, it will be a few years but it's clearly supported by the data that I think will prompt many of those to start to make those changes in investments.
Katherine A. Owen: We are excited about that. The medical group is clearly excited about it. We had a relationship with them, a distribution agreement going back to 2012. The company has been around for nearly 50 years, a private company based out of Turkey, and they've done a great job. They specialize in the design and manufacture of hospital beds and structures and they've been primarily serving the Turkish market around eight countries. So it's a great opportunity for us to build a presence in that segment with a premium value product. We know them well, so we are comfortable with where they are located in their manufacturing facilities, and it really helps to further strengthen our portfolio longer-term. So it's a small deal, [indiscernible] very modest, not material incremental sales but clearly a great product franchise to further bolster what medical is doing.
Katherine A. Owen: It's primarily for the Turkish and surrounding countries as well as some in Latin America. Longer-term we'll wait and see what direction we're going with this but you should not be thinking about that as a near-term U.S. product offering.
Katherine A. Owen: One of the great things about neurovascular, both the hemorrhagic and ischemic side, is there is so much opportunity for innovation and you've seen that over the last few years with technologies coming out and we have a very robust pipeline on the R&D side. I'm not going to get into specifics at this time around which products and the timing of them, but I will say we're very comfortable as one of the market leaders here and with the talent in our R&D team, we are well-positioned both with our current portfolio and future generations of products that we'll be introducing, but I'm not going to get any more specific at this time around timelines.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say clearly valuations have moved up. We are always confronted with challenges around valuations, sellers' expectations even in an environment that hasn't been quite as strong as recently. So it's always going to be a factor that we've got to consider, it hasn't changed our priority around M&A but it certainly does become an issue on some deals and that does impact the numbers we look at. At this time there's no change in terms of – sorry, the second part of your question when you talk about our hurdle rates and returns, we're pretty disciplined and the approach we take there we think that makes sense.
Katherine A. Owen: I think it's going to continue to be dominated by the U.S. robot placement. Australia is a market where as I mentioned we have very strong market positions in both hips and knees. So it's a market that made a lot of sense but I think as you go forward I would really focus on U.S. is going to be the primary driver of the placements.
William R. Jellison: Sure. That comment, Bob, was specifically on our SG&A component and we wanted to just make that clear because we're making some nice reductions within that area currently. However, as you can tell, that's obviously being masked by a couple of things this year and we wanted to highlight that. I think also as we relate to 2016 comment, we're highly confident in our ability to create that leverage, but again that's just at the expense level and we'll talk more broadly about our operating income levels as we give our regular guidance. But you should expect and you're seeing our gross profit margin improvement currently show up and as I mentioned earlier this year, we should have better comparables against gross margin as we move through this year. And so if we're getting any level of gross margin improvement, which we believe should be flat to a slight positive in a more neutral FX related environment, along with some of the SG&A related leverage that we just talked about, you should expect leverage at the operating income line as well moving forward.
William R. Jellison: Kristen, this is Bill and I think that as far as our overall guidance is concerned, we've obviously had some positives on a number of fronts. I mean our sales and operations are doing very well, we've increased our top line sales guidance obviously. Taxes obviously also a little bit better than our – quite a bit better as well than talking about earlier, at least for the street, and then as far FX is concerned, that might be $0.01 or $0.02 better for the whole year than what was there. But I think that there's also on an ongoing basis there's a lot of other dynamics that are in the marketplace as well that we need to make sure that we're taking into account and it's truly the combination of all those positives and negatives that we're looking at. Also keep in mind on the tax side that we have stated all year long that we've been expecting to reinvest about half of that which is what you're seeing in kind of the SG&A side. We have been expecting that investment upfront in the year and so that's also reflected in the numbers that you're hearing.
William R. Jellison: Keep in mind on the reinvestment, [talk] [ph] to the reinvestment is actually to support that overall project which is running through the SG&A and other part of it is what we've talked about upfront with our Transatlantic Operating Model and some of the additional support that we want to be putting in our sales and marketing efforts, especially within Europe, and I think that we're also already seeing some at least positive motivation in activities around that move at this point and we expect that that's got a multiyear benefit for us. And as we talk about kind of the leverage that we've got with our underlying operating expenses, we believe that we're actually delivering that already this year and that's why we're also committing to some level of that at least externally as I mentioned on the call earlier.
William R. Jellison: Sure. Mike, I think one point to make is really around the tax rate side of the equation and we in taking a look at kind of the expectation this year, we clearly knew that it was going to be a better than 2% impact for this year. From a directional perspective to the street, we wanted to give guidance to say that it was a meaningful improvement but we really didn't fully like identified that until we saw that run through our number. We wanted to commit to it. And just like with our investments that we were doing within that area, same thing. We were spending a certain amount of money upfront that we knew we were comfortable with but we also were holding some back and making sure that we wanted to see that realize through our earnings statements before we really are releasing that. But our total expectation for the project is in line and which was the commitment for us to reinvest half of that total savings back into the business, both to support that structure which was pretty significant to support the change in the structure that we have within Europe, but then also to really ramp up some of our sales and marketing activities there.
William R. Jellison: Mike, so just getting back, so for our guidance, obviously the guidance is really for our operational performance and so things – when we give our third quarter guidance, that's where we believe our operational range will be for the third quarter. Of course if the tax changes, we've now after six months of our original headquarters, we've now got a very good view of our tax rate. So you're not going to see as much volatility in our tax rate in the third and the fourth quarter. You can be much more reliable. As you enter a new structure like this, there's a lot of unknowns. We worked through those unknowns in the first half of the year, so now we're feeling a lot better about that. So you won't see as much volatility as we saw in the first six months and we do try to guide around what's going to happen operationally and then of course things like FX and unknown things happen over the quarter that can move us up or down within the range. On spine, so it's been a while in the works, right. So we hired, I mentioned I think at academy a year ago, not this year but the prior year that we had hired a new spine R&D leader and re-established a real focus on innovation which had been lacking in our spine business, and we've launched a lot of products in the first half of this year and we have a really robust pipeline. So product flow is I would say number one issue. We also have enhanced some of our management team in spine, stabilized the sales force, and so we really have a good offense. We were running a very profitable business before but we weren't growing very fast and we've now turned on the engine of growth really behind new products. And it's not something that I see as a one-hit wonder. Of course each quarter is dynamic. This is one good quarter. But I do see a sustained path for good results for multiple quarters going forward.
William R. Jellison: Sure. So that obviously relates to the gross profit margin piece of it and from that perspective we still are expecting about a 2 percentage point price decline level. As we've talked about before, as you're in that kind of 2% level, we believe we can get a normal kind of FX related environment. We believe we can still keep margins flat and actually hopefully still improve them slightly based on kind of all the cost initiatives that we have in that area. If pricing improves and is like 1.5%, we've talked that that actually creeps up to maybe into the 20 to 40 basis points of improvement level, and obviously if it goes north of 2% that also has a more negative related impact. But again we see prices pretty much in line with where we are this year which is right in that 2% range.
William R. Jellison: So the investments that we are actually making there would be investments that would occur on an ongoing basis but off of the same level, right. So we're investing about half of that tax savings this year but you should think of that just a normal step-up for what we're doing within the European side, but as we're moving forward we would expect to grow that new base level and leverage it as well against our sales growth as we would anything else, and that's why we wanted to reiterate that you should expect to see at least that 30 to 40 basis point of improvement in the SG&A line category for next year. [Indiscernible] like a one-time investment, this is an investment that changes the base of business moving forward.
William R. Jellison: And associated with the tax rate question that you asked, our year to date operating tax rate is about 18.1%, and as I mentioned in the call script, we're comfortable with a rate for the full year at or slightly below that. Keep in mind as you mentioned the tax extenders are not in that number yet. So when the tax extenders are ultimately approved, hopefully by the fourth quarter of this year, in that period you will actually see the tax rate dip down again in that one period obviously but because that would be a full-year benefit of those extenders being picked up in the fourth quarter, but for an average rate for this year we would expect to be a little bit below what our average trend rate is right now and I think that that's relatively a consistent tax rate that you can project for next year as well.
William R. Jellison: So I would say after China, which has been a really strong market, our strongest emerging market is China at Stryker, after that I would say I'm really pleased with our progress in India where we're growing very, very well from a small base admittedly but we're having very good performance starting from last year in India and it seems to be very sustained growth. The other priority market is Brazil and Brazil obviously is going through a pretty tough recession right now. We also had some issues where we had to change one of our spine dealers in Sao Paulo and that caused a bit of an issue in our spine business, and so we have that from time to time in Brazil which represents roughly half of Latin America. So Latin America is for the future very important for us and we're quite a small player, but I would say this year because of the recession in Brazil, it's not going quite as well as it has in the past couple of years but certainly an important market in the long term. Areas like Russia and Turkey are actually doing quite well but you can imagine those are not exactly the most attractive markets, at least at the moment, but those are the other two emerging market countries that are going to be a top priority for us, but we are measuring our investments. We had planned, if you look back maybe three years ago we were planning to really invest more vigorously in Russia and Turkey and given the macroeconomic conditions there, we have tempered our investments in those two countries. But clearly it represents about 8% of our sales at Stryker emerging markets and we would like that number to be much higher but the conditions have to be right and we want to make sure we get a good return on our investment, but those are a couple of markets that are doing very well and there are other ones that I think we're going to be a little bit more measured in the pace of our investments.
