Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker’s fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker’s CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today’s call, I will provide opening comments followed by Katherine with an update on MAKO. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results, before we open the call to Q&A. We achieved quarter’s organic revenue growth of 6.7%, we delivered on our stated goal of achieving sales gains at the high-end of med tech. And despite tough year-over-year comparisons, Q4 represented our highest growth quarter, reflecting continued momentum throughout the year. Overall, it was another strong year for the company. We have shown remarkable consistency of top-line performance over the past four years. We continue to complete value creating acquisitions, our globalization efforts are bearing fruit, and we are also building capability to deliver consistent leveraged earnings. All of this is enabled by an outstanding team of high-performing leaders. Our sales growth was balanced across our three groups: orthopedics, MedSurg and Neurotechnology and Spine, once again underscoring the competitive strength of our diversified revenue model. On a geographic basis, the U.S. was up 6.3% organically while sales outside the U.S. posted a solid 7.7% increase, driven by another strong performance in Europe as well as year-over-year gains in emerging markets including China, which returned to growth due to soft comparisons. We would also note the performance of our acquisitions, particularly Sage and Physio, which posted adjusted growth in Q4 of 11.8% and 7.4% respectively. As a reminder, these two deals will begin to positively contribute to our organic growth in Q2 as they anniversary. With a strong top-line performance along with ongoing efforts around cost transformation for growth, adjusted per share earnings increased 14.1% to $1.78 a share, which represents the high-end of our $1.73 to $1.78 range. These results were achieved while maintaining a healthy investment in R&D to continue to drive future growth. As we look ahead to 2017, our sales and earnings targets reflect our continued commitment to deliver sales growth at the high end of med tech and leveraged earnings. With the strength of our diversified model, our dedicated business units and sales teams coupled with our innovative product pipelines, we believe we are well positioned to deliver on these commitments. With that I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: So thanks Mike. Obviously you’ve seen the last two years we have grown organic sales greater than 6%. We exited the year with very good momentum across our portfolio, except for spine. So spine had a tough year this year, issues will continue into the first quarter. We expect spine to improve starting on the second quarter. We also have tough comparables. You’ve seen the type of growth we had in the fourth quarter, we grew 6.7% on top of the 6.4%. So tough comparisons and the unknown, right. So things can happen in the marketplace that you don’t anticipate. And so that’s why, I think bracketing 6% shows consistency, and we feel very good across our businesses. As the year unfolds, we’ll see. MAKO is something we’ve never done before. It’s a very big launch. We were the fastest-growing knee in 2016 without a big impact from MAKO, but there’s a lot of unknowns as we do this launch. So I think it’s prudent to put the range in that, we’re certainly leaning into start the year with 5.5% to 6.5%. It certainly a stronger position than we’ve had the last few years.
Kevin Lobo: Well, I think the macroeconomic uncertainty is the big in foreign currency right now. Obviously foreign currency doesn’t impact our organic growth. But those are the two sort of things we worry about. Macroeconomics, there are elections that are going to be going on in Europe that could create uncertainty. Brazil seems to be getting, improving, but it’s always so volatile. And China, we are not out of the woods, yet. Certainly, we have low comparisons, but we have a lot of work to do to improve our business in China. So I would say the areas of the world that concern us are the same that we’ve had in the past, primarily related to emerging markets. And in Europe, there some macroeconomic uncertainty, with a number of elections happening in the year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, first off on the accretion we still maintain that that will drop through based on the guidance we provided of $0.15 to $0.30 [ph]. As far as FX, right now given where currencies are, for the most part offset by stock compensation. But, I can’t necessarily forecast where that will fall out for the whole year. Will continue to provide transparent guidance relative to translational risk on FX.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. Thanks Bob. So we’re really pleased with our performance in Europe this is the second year in a row that Europe is growing north of 6% and really very strong performance from our joint replacement business in Europe. Canada also had a very strong Q3, Q4. So as you know, we rolled Canada into our Transatlantic operating model at the beginning of 2016. And they had a very strong finish to the year. It took two quarters to sort of get Canada going but really had terrific performance and then I would say across the board we had good performance is in many of our regions. We have a significant MAKO presence already in Australia and we placed a number of machines outside the United States. And that’s even if they are not yet doing total knees, it is a catalyst to provide growth. So really a strong performance but the countries that really stand out, I would say, would be Europe, for sure, where some recovery in China and Canada, as well those are the main markets.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, David, I don’t necessarily think there’s anything that sort of warrants pointing out. I mean there are the obvious investments we talked about, especially our MAKO launch. But other than that, we are continuing to invest in our CTG program but that’s really a continuation of things that we started last year and then we will continue to maintain sort of our kind of robust R&D spend as well, internally.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, as it relates to neurovascular, David, we still feel very bullish about the market you saw on Q3 both our results and the other major competitor, had a bit of a softer Q3 and then a nice bounce back in Q4. If you look at the full year, certainly in the U.S. our growth was 14.5% off a base of 15.6% the year before and so last year’s fourth quarter was 16.7% this year’s fourth quarter 12.8%, so you are talking about pretty good double-digit growth. There was one little blip and I think we are going to see that with the ischemic markets. So the ischemic market which is the very, very robust growing market. It’s going to be a little choppy from quarter to quarter as new sites get established, new complete stroke centers get established. Getting that care pathway defined but we remain very bullish on the long-term prospects and I continue to expect double-digit growth we’ve had since we’ve acquired that business, every year, they had double-digit growth and we can expect that to continue in the future.
Kevin Lobo: Well, thanks for the question. I don’t think this earnings call is going to be a great time to sort of go into this, Matt. I mean, there’s so many different scenarios that we’re looking at, whether it’s around tax reform, whether it’s around propeller replace. And all I can tell you is we do have a lot of those scenarios, but I think in the interest of time for this earnings call, I don’t think this is really the best time to get into this because it will take me 10 minutes to kind of go through all of that.
Kevin Lobo: I’ll apologize in advance for that. And I think we will find another [indiscernible] where that would be a better place to go through those scenarios. But all in all, I can tell you we are not overly concerned. I mean, we feel that’s a progral policies in general are probably a net positive for us. But there are a lot of other uncertainties that we’ll have to see play out.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. So our foot and ankle business continues to perform extremely well, strong double-digit growth, so north of 15% growth in the fourth quarter and that just been a continuation of what you’ve seen over the past four or five years, really pleased with the performance of that business. As it relates to upper extremities, we’re still a relatively small player and we’re starting to grow nicely. We have a both the total shoulder, the reverse shoulder and now we have a new fracture system, as well. So the only thing we’re missing is just the partial, that’s one product left to have a complete portfolio. But we have the main products that are needed to really be able to drive improved growth. And so I do expect upper extremities to be a positive for us. Although we are small and it’s not a market growth story like it is in foot and ankle, we’re going to have to take share, so it will probably take us a little longer than it did in foot and ankle to post those kinds of numbers. But we are encouraged. We have most of the portfolio cover now and we’re well-positioned to start to grow in upper extremities.
Kevin Lobo: You should definitely not read that in to it. $250million is a pretty modest amount of share repos and that’s just offset dilution. We continue to be actively looking across our portfolios for acquisitions and we have the financial capacity to do more deals. Obviously if the deals don’t materialize over a period of time, then we may want to do additional share repurchase. But our capital allocation strategy and velocity has not changed at all prior to as acquisitions and we have the capacity and the willingness to do more deals. Certainly, medical had a terrific year. Organically, while integrating two big acquisitions, but our other divisions all have bandwidth to be able to take on acquisitions.
Kevin Lobo: So this Europe, we expect to continue to be accretive to Stryker’s overall growth rate. And this is a multi-year platform for us. Its – Europe is only about 11% of our sales. And so if you look at most other med tech companies, it’s a much larger proportion of their sales. We are really just scratching the surface with some of our divisions, if I look at endoscopy, if I look at instruments. We have huge growth potentials in front of us. Trauma, we already have a pretty good size business, but even as you saw in the fourth quarter, with our hip and knee business, we are very underpenetrated in Europe versus other markets. So I expect this to be a many year story and very excited about the progress we’re making. Even divisions we’re making spin are starting to turn around after years of being underrepresented. So expect this at least five years, five plus years you should expect Europe to continue to be a really positive story for us as we – as you say catch up to the market shares that we – should be having in those regions.
Kevin Lobo: So I think the initial halo that we are seeing is really more limited to our joint replacement business. So if they buy a robot, even if they’re not doing total knee is with Stryker with our triathlon knee they know that application is coming and they will start to get familiar with the implant. As 40% of those robots are in competitive accounts. So, that’s part of the halo effect, and they start to get to learn about our company, they meet our salesperson, they understand how good our service is. I would say at this point that the Halo has really extended into the other divisions of Stryker. That usually takes longer, but that’s what I would characterize as immediate Halo effect.
Kevin Lobo: Yes thanks. We are excited about this launch of [indiscernible] a modern 3D printed version. It’s not as much of a game changer as the tibial base plate because today, all hips are being done without cement, and this cup, even though we really like it, it’s very streamlined it has some very nice features, it’s not causing you to change the way you do the procedure. Our 3D printed knee has enabled people to not use cement anymore and that’s much more of a game changer, over 15% of our knees now are done without cement. So I wouldn’t look at as explosive launch as the 3D printed product for knees, but still saw very nice addition, we had terrific innovations over the innovations over the past four or five years and are stems and now this is a really nice innovation in our cup. But I wouldn’t characterize it as a big game changing launch. It’s a nice addition to our portfolio and hopefully that will help our sales force maintain some him focus on hips. As you know, they are very excited about Mako and so same sales force selling both knees and hips. But I’d say it’s a nice launch but more of an incremental launch.
Kevin Lobo: Right now, we are actually just trying to build capacity. The demand for 3D printing has been really explosive. You’ve seen the growth that’s been generated through our knee franchise. We’re seeing same kind of growth in spine with the interbody device, we’re going to launch more products, and frankly, we’ve been capacity constrained in the spine area. So we have a series of innovative products and I would say our primary focus is really in joint replacement and in spine. And we’re just building – we built a whole entire building that’s going to be housed with only 3D printing machines in Cork, Ireland, and we are in the process of filling that building with machinery. We are not looking to replace any of our core products. We have the global hip cup that’s going to be 3D printed. So, we think of it as launching new products, creating new innovations and really, it’s focused on those areas. For now, trauma really has some ideas about some thoughts, but nothing really on the immediate horizon.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, one thing I was really pleased about, I mean, our spine leadership team has managed through a very tough year, when you have these kind of product challenges, and the sales force, I was at our spine sales meeting recently. The mood was really terrific, we were able to retain our sales force something five, six years ago, I’m not sure we would have been as successful. A lot of that is really the plans around 3D printing and other innovations. We have a pretty good pipeline coming. We have weathered the storm, and I think we are feeling we are in a good position, and will start to see that fruit in the second-quarter.
Kevin Lobo: So, as it relates to MAKO, the ads are not so much in the sales force the ads are much more with the MAKOplasty specialist. So we have this clinical person that’s in the operating room, helping the surgeon really make sure that that they can do the procedure. And our sales reps will have more room to hunt. So, the ads that we’ve made obviously our extremities business has been growing very robustly and we’ve been adding in the extremities sales force. Our sports medicine business has been strong double-digit growth. We’ve been adding the sales reps in our sports medicine business. So, if you look at the areas of the business that are growing, I mean you are growing strong double-digits in a number of areas those are the areas where we continue to believe specialized sales forces drive growth
Kevin Lobo: I think for us, our challenge is largely being more of people challenge than a product challenge. We are very small, we’re subscale, we haven’t necessarily made the investments like other companies have made with bricks and mortar training. So we really have – we’re in the process of recruiting a new leader for China. I’m happy with our India business. That’s been really performing well over the past few years. But we’re starting from a small place. Latin America has gone through a lot of challenges for us. We still have work to do, same in Turkey. So for us, its just a question of – we’re subscale. And we are subscale attracting the best talent is really challenging. So, I would say for the next couple of years our focus is much more on talent and making sure we do the right kind of investments in training and education. That type of offense. We actually have very good products. In fact, I’m very excited about some of the products we’re launching that are lower priced. We’re launching a new power tool called System G, which is getting great feedback it’s a very new launch. We’ve never done this before. A made for emerging markets product, we have the low-priced bed that’s made in Turkey at our Muka facility. And then we have Trauson in which we – we had a good start with Trauson, but I would say with all the other challenges going on in China, that has been more challenge in the last year or two. So its really one of those stories, right. I think unlike Europe, we could see that if we just put a bit of spending behind Europe in specialization, we could turn that on very quickly because the business model is very similar to what we experience in Canada, the U.S., Australia, other markets where we’ve been successful. Emerging markets requires a different kind of offense. And I don’t want to over invest and really have the money go up in flames. So we’re going to be a bit more measured. And the first step is to really make sure we have the right talent, which is frankly the key to our success in other markets. And that will be our first focus.
Kevin Lobo: So, there are two main benefits I would say, one is porosity. So you can really have a tremendously strong, so for titanium it’s very strong but it is very porous, which enables the bone to grow into the implant. That’s one, so porosity and geometry. I’m not an expert, so engineers probably have five other things that they would tell you. But those are the high-level hop-to things. So geometry are the shapes of our 3D cones, you cannot make those shapes unless they are 3D printed. And they’re beautiful for the surgeon to be able to drop in. It saves them a lot of time, fits the anatomy really well. The porosity, that’s the reason why we can do cementless knees, is the bone grows in beautifully. We had a claim from the FDA for our spine interbody device that our device promotes bone in growth, unlike peak devices that obviously bone does not grow into the device. So it’s porosity and it’s geometry.
Kevin Lobo: Well just at a very high level, and this is very high level I would say our market shares in Europe are about half the markets share we enjoy in the United States. Just to give you round numbers. That’s actually the area where we have the most upside and those are the same competitors that we compete with in the United States. We have a long way to go in power tools. A long way to go on cameras. A long way to go in beds and I’m really excited about the potential. Our emergency power cuts we’ve done extremely well in Europe, but rest of the MedSurg portfolio we have significant runway given it’s not like we’re five share points low, we are about half our marketshares in many of these spots.
Kevin Lobo: Matt, if you remember from Analyst Day we provided guidance around operating margin and top line. So we’re not really going to provide additional guidance around the details of gross margin. I will say that – keep in mind – as you think about mix of our business is. As you think about MedSurg having slightly lower margin and Orthopaedics having slightly higher margins, a lot of that gets made up in term of the SG&A mix as that slows down to the operating margin line. So I think that’s probably all we will guide relative to gross margin this year.
Kevin Lobo: So we are not going to talk about the external areas that we’re going to focus on. And we’re also, not going to talk about product pipeline beyond what we’ve indicated. We are really thrilled with our camera it operate extremely well. I’m not sure if you are referring to – for open surgery DACs – XO scopes am not sure, I’m really non sure what you are referring to every division has identified their pathway and their pipeline for innovation. I’m not sure if you’re talking about 3D. I’m not sure if you are talking about what specifically you are referring to. What I tell you is the 1588 is only a year into the launch and it’s getting fantastic feedback and I would expect that endoscopy continue to have terrific growth with 1588. They are on the lookout constantly for improvements to the product portfolio but we are going to talk about that until we end up consummating that.
Kevin Lobo: We haven’t seen any big change. It does move around quarter-to-quarter and it depends on the timing of launches in selling days and no more quarterly in year-over-year variability, but I wouldn’t read anything into that.
Kevin Lobo: No. As we said, we expect them, I think Glenn in his prepared comments, as we anniversary those in the second quarter they will be accretive to organic growth rate. Obviously we’ve got a big base but those I sizable businesses. We continue to target double-digit growth for Sage and the types of gains we’ve been seeing in Physio, that parts rolls out new products. I would underscored Glenn’s comments regarding the first quarter the seasonality shift that will skew the year-over-year comps for Physio. That’s really comparable basis. The underlying business as you’ve seen in the three quarters we’ve owned it, it looks terrific and we look forward for it to be another driver of organic growth.
Kevin Lobo: We’ve talked about bundled payments for the last couple of years and at no time have we ever said that bundled payments is going to be causing a problem to our growth. It’s been around for five years on a commercial paying side and was CJR you’ve just seen we’ve come through year and the entire market had CJR in effect on the markets doing very well. Short answer is bundled payments is not a headwind for our hip and knee business. Not just for Stryker, but for the entire market.
Kevin Lobo: That’s certainly, the Neurotech and Spine business are profitable businesses and they see in high grow business. So that’s certainly that mix has helped the company.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. As it relates to the second question, we have a very global manufacturing environments, which includes significant manufacturing in United States. We do have 3D printing machines here in United States as well is in Ireland. Obviously, we decided to have a purpose building and we are scaling up that manufacturing and then we also make implants here in United States and most of our MedSurg products are made in the U.S. So I think compared to other big multi-nationals of our size, I think we’re actually pretty well-positioned regardless of –if we have more attached or some type of offset to the lower corporate tax rate. I think we will be in pretty good shape.
Kevin Lobo: No. I think we can help you with that math that we can get offline. We are definitely not delivering a number below 9%. So I think there is something in your math that we can talk to you offline. We’re definitely there is no change at all in our stands and this guidance firmly reflects. I think there might be something in the deal accretion that you might have off in your model. We will be happy to take that offline.
Kevin Lobo: What I would say is I’m delighted with the MAKO capital sales force. They’ve done terrific job selling these robots and in the fourth quarter doing upgrades and every quarter we will continue to tell you how many robots we’ve sold.
Kevin Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the first quarter 2017 results will be held on April 25. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today’s call will include an update on MAKO. We completed 2016 achieving continued success with MAKO as we installed a total of 32 robots globally of which 24 were in the U.S. For the full year MAKO installations totaled 86, an increase of 14 year-over-year, which brings a total number of robots globally to 381 with 333 in the U.S. During Q4, we expanded the limited market release to include additional sites, which will serve us training centers as we move towards full commercial release at the upcoming AAOS meeting. It’s also important to note that in addition to installing new robots, during Q4 our MAKO capital specialists also begun upgrading existing robots, to enable the total knee application. This includes additional capital as well as software. Going forward our MAKO specialist will continue to focus on new robot installs as well as a multi-quarter process of upgrading existing robots. The revenue associated with the upgrade is included in other ortho revenue along with new robots, bone cement, and SPS related sales. Given the measured pace of the limited market release, we feel well-positioned to move into the full commercial launch, with a training protocol that will optimize outcomes for surgeons. We continue to focus on knee market share gains as the best barometer of the success of MAKO, and believe we will see evidence of its impact as we exit 2017. We look forward to the upcoming AAOS meeting, whereas you can imagine, MAKO will be the primary focus. We will host an investor event with members of our senior leadership team, along with a MAKO surgeon, to help answer your questions. We will also host a booth tour as we’ve done in prior years, which will include a MAKO segment, along with other key new product launches. We hope you will be able to join us at the meeting. And with that I will now turn the call over to Glenn.
Katherine Owen: Hey Bob, it’s Katherine. I will take that question and I’ll start with the second part and a short answer is no, we haven’t seen anything related to ACA concerns. You saw really strong growth in our medical organic business on top of the acquisitions as the strongest Q4 business. So right now, there’s no evidence that there has been any impact and we feel good about the capital environment as well as our momentum in that market, overall. In terms of MAKO, we do think we are really well positioned since we did take a very deliberate, limited launch to really get the training protocol optimize. And as you heard at our analyst meeting, we’re really pleased with what we’ve seen so far. We’ve continued to expand the training sites. We’ve got roughly 50 surgeons trained. And it’s important that they’ve done sufficient volume because they’ll serve is the training centers as we go into the full commercial launch, which we continue to target at the Academy meeting. So we’ll continue to report on installs going forward, we just also highlighted though, that they’re also going to be upgrading some of the fleet that’s already out in the field. But again, we feel really well positioned and think as we look towards exiting 2017 we will start to see a clear indication that the total knee application is helping us drive meaningful share gains.
Katherine Owen: Yes, David in terms of the MAKO, you were going to continue to install new robots and as I mentioned we’ve got a lot of robots out in the field, a significant portion of which we expect to upgrade to the total knee over a multi quarter period. Exactly how that plays out, you were only a quarter into upgrading, I think we are going to just have to wait and see how that plays out over the course of the year but it will be a mix, obviously, if new robot placements with the same capital salesforce, MAKO capital specialists also doing the upgrades.
Katherine Owen: Yes. So when we say we go to full commercial launch at Academy that means we will have sufficient number of surgeons trained on sufficient volumes of procedures and located throughout various locations, geographically, that they can meet the demand for additional surgeon training going forward. That’s exactly how you should think about it.
Katherine Owen: Yes. What we really try to underscore is that it is a measured launch. We have to continue to install new robots, they have to get trained, they have to go out and have their OR staff trained and start to do the procedure. It’s not a light switch. It will continue to build throughout the year as we get more robots installed, more systems upgraded and continue with the training.
Katherine Owen: Sorry, operator. I think we cut off the prior caller. So if you could put him back in the call, I think he had a second question. Thanks.
Katherine Owen: It isn’t a huge impact other than what we’ve talked about the halo effect from MAKO because obviously we don’t have a lot of folks using the total application. But we’ve also launched new products that have really helped on the knee side. We have our revision cones and sleeves which we introduced, those are 3D printed and they are really helping us gain share in the revision market for knees where we were below our rightful share, if you will. And we’ve also launched some additional 3D printed products, or cementless 3D tibial baseplate –
Katherine Owen: That’s help driving a really meaningful shift and the percent of our knees that are done cementless now. So those are probably two couple of the products that we would highlight in addition to some of the MAKO effect that we get when we go into customers who are more open to hearing about our track online.
Katherine Owen: Glenn, I’ll take the first question. We haven’t seen anything with our mix of businesses to suggest that there was some type of effect tied to ACA or changes in Obamacare. The nature of our procedure really don’t lend themselves to it. The election was in November. So if you think about people who get hip and knee procedures specifically going into their primary, getting referred to a surgeon, scheduling that and then the holidays, it’s just not something that we saw where there was a big rush of procedures. What we saw and all the evidence as we’ve looked at this as you can imagine, so just it was normal seasonality. We’ve seen a multi-year trend now of Q4 seasonality, more a function of rising deductibles than anything else. But there was nothing that we would point to as a stand out in Q4 to suggest that that trend was different, accelerated or indicative of greater than normal pull-through. And then I know you had a second question.
Katherine Owen: Yes, it’s probably not a level of detail we are going to get into. Obviously, the value to the customers continue to increase as we’ve layered on new indications, as well as being able to put power brands onto the robots. We are really pleased, and we’ve been very thoughtful in terms of making sure whenever we place a robot, the surgeon champion is there to make sure these are utilized to their full capacity. So, again, we are pleased with what we’ve seen since we acquired it, but we’re probably not going to get into that level of detail.
Katherine Owen: Yes, we assume a pretty stable pricing environment in ortho as well as for Stryker overall, as you heard Glenn referenced that 1.5% to 2% negative pricing that we are anticipating contemplates that. We don’t assume any dramatic change in either direction and that dynamic regardless of the Mako launch.
Katherine Owen: I just think given the strength of the portfolio overall, we’ve launch some new products including 3D printed that have been really well received. And while it’s never good to disappoint your customers, I think the strength of our sales force, their focus on the customers and their ability to go back with some differentiated products, I think they have work to do but we have confidence that they will be able to address those customer concerns.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I think as it relates to MAKO, first of all, we’ve never done a launch of this magnitude in something where we are fundamentally changing how orthopedics joint replacement is done and that’s a way of saying there’s a lot of unknowns. We feel really terrific about the limited release, taking the time to optimize the training protocol, to contemplate the needs of both, surgeons who have a strong understanding of robots, as well as those who don’t. And as we talked about at the analyst meeting, that all went really, really well. So with the 50 or so surgeons trained we feel great about going into full commercial release, I’m sure we learn a lot as this year unfold. But based on everything we’re seeing and hearing, admittedly a lot of that’s going to be anecdotal for now. We believe this is a game changer. So we would expect to continue to build on that momentum in 2018 and I think this is going to be a multi-year rollout and process of gaining market share as we not only continue to install new robots, but also the utilization of the coming up on 400 globally, and then the bulk of which were in the U.S., as those are all robots are upgraded to the total knee. So this is much more than a 2017, 2018 story. This will be a multi-year rollout.
Katherine Owen: So, the one-year data, I’ll follow-up on specifics but you are probably looking at late this year, or sometime at the beginning of 2018 and we’re looking for a launch in the 2018 timeframe, probably the latter part.
Katherine Owen: Yes. I think we need to get into the full commercial release. Again, this is new territory for us. I think we’ve done everything we can to optimize our positioning ahead of the full commercial release. But it would be a level of specificity in detail we just don’t have. So, we’re really pleased that we have, as you mentioned, 40%-plus of the installs they went to competitive accounts. I think that speaks to how appealing this processes for a variety of surgeons. And as we get into the full commercial release we’ll look and see what additional data make sense. But candidly, five years out, all I know is that if we’re successful in the execution here we’ll have captured meaningful market share. But it’s premature right now to put out specific targets as to where we expect to be.
Katherine Owen: Yes. I would say right now it’s premature on that front. We do have a limited ship old right now it is on an older generating AED product and we’re working through that. We don’t expect it to be a material issue. And I would also note it’s not related to the competitor issues that are out there recently. So, we feel good about our pipeline of products and our ability to manage throughout this recall.
Katherine Owen: So, we don’t model out the individual op margin by the division, neuro, those are high-margin businesses for us. But we don’t model out or provide guidance for the specific segments. We give that total company op margin 30 to 50 basis points target and that’s one of the contributors to that.
Katherine Owen: Maybe I will just start with the first question. I would say we continue to anticipate, as we launch the total Knee, that it will help drive meaningful market share gains starting as we exit 2017, we are not assuming any cannibalization there will be those customers who continue to use triathlon traditionally and as you can see there’s an strong demand as we continued to install and upgrade robots to the new knee application
Katherine Owen: Yes. We will have a presence at a number of meetings. As you’ll recall, in 2016 we had a presence at SAGES and NASS and the like. So as we get to Academy we will switch gears and start thinking about some of the additional meetings and what segments will be highlighted.
Glenn Boehnlein: I would like to add this medical division of ours, to create deals of those sides and delivers for the full year in the U.S. almost 10% growth on the base business is really a terrific performance. To have that much business and still deliver that kind of growth on the base business is really outstanding.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Jeff, this is Glenn. Right now, there’s a lot of ambiguity around details of the specific broader tax. But as you look at our manufacturing footprint and when you look it, what we bring into the U.S. the sale, that might be made outside the U.S. We are roughly around a 50/50 split in terms of the impact to us.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. We are probably not going to get too specific in terms of outlook for robots installed obviously, we would look to continue to grow that. But keep in mind it is going to be balance between that and upgrading existing robots, as we mentioned. So it will be both of those drivers and we’re not going to get into the level of detail around system upgrades and then you like it’s probably getting down into the weeds a bit too much, particularly relative to the total size of the company. But we are really pleased with how the limited launch has gone. That’s not only the training, the training protocol, the outcome of the experiences surgeons had as well as the training sites we’ve been able to bring on board. We are in a great position for Academy. We will have roughly 50 surgeons trained. We have done a significant volume of surgeries that they will be well-positioned to help start the training and as we go through the year we will continue to give you data points that we think are relevant and we’ll look to see how the year unfolds. So yes, expect more robots to be placed but probably too soon to start talking about exactly how much bigger year-over-year given this new dynamic of upgrades.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. I wanted to say Kristen, we are starting to show up in a lot of these specialty meetings more and more. You talked about the extremities society. There’s a whole series of those societies that we are showing up in sports medicine meetings. These smaller societies where we have very, very fast growth, with those big tend to be a lot more impact full. There’s a large ACS type of meetings. We really large specialized business units with specialized sales force are more and more going to specialized conferences, something like SAGES for our endoscopy division. We’re starting to see it’s kind of shift where are these society meetings be specialized ones are much more impactful ever use of our time and money and we get great insight and new technologies. We get to just shows our surgeons or innovations and that’s going to continue to be an engine of growth for us.
