Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments on today's call will focus on our planned acquisition of Trauson Holdings, which expands our presence in the emerging market. Specifically, last week, we announced that we will make a voluntary general offer to acquire all the shares of Trauson in an all-cash transaction for approximately $685 million. Trauson was founded in China in 1986 and with sales in 2011 approximating $60 million, the company is the leading trauma manufacturer in China and a key competitor in the Spine segment. As some of you may recall, Stryker and Trauson have maintained a relationship under an OEM agreement for instrumentation since 2007. With this move, we are expanding our presence in the key emerging market through a product portfolio and pipeline that has targeted the large and fast-growing value segment of the Chinese orthopedic market. Importantly, the acquisition of Trauson is a critical step towards broadening our presence in China and developing a product platform targeted at the value segment of emerging markets. With this acquisition, we gain access to Trauson's R&D expertise, as well as the strength of its distribution network. Looking at the company's product portfolio, Trauson has over 120 products marketed under its own brand, as well as an attractive pipeline. With well over 2 decades of experience in the Chinese orthopedic market, Trauson has a well-established brand that it leverages to an extensive distributer network. For Stryker, the acquisition is consistent with our strategy of expanding our global footprint and increasing our exposure in the fast-growing emerging market. As part of that effort, we have prioritized China and the value segment of the market in particular as a critical market, given that the device segment is growing at roughly 20% annually, with the overall market expected to more than double in the next 5 years. To date, Stryker's presence in China has been focused on the premium segment, which is dominated by multinational players. However, the value segment of the market is growing at a faster rate, with local manufacturers the key players. With increased government and private health care spending, the value segment of the Chinese orthopedic market is expected to continue to expand at above global market rates and with the acquisition of Trauson, we will be well positioned as a leading company to capture that growth. We also believe we have the ability to further leverage Trauson's product offering into other emerging markets. We expect the acquisition will close by the end of the second quarter of 2013 and, excluding acquisition- and integration-related charges, the deal does not impact our 2013 adjusted diluted net earnings per share target of $4.25 to $4.40. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dean.
Katherine A. Owen: Bob, it's Katherine. Maybe I'll just take a stab at it. As you can understand, this is probably a little bit tough to peg because we don't have everybody else's numbers in at this point. We are certainly pleased with the momentum we're seeing in the U.S. in both hips and knees and some of that is on the knee side from the GetAroundKnee campaign. On the hip side, some good products like Accolade, which we launched in the second quarter of last year. I think at this point, at the very least, the market is stable, to maybe modestly improved in the fourth quarter. How much share shifting we've seen, it's just too early to predict until all the numbers come in. But we feel pretty good about the stability of the market and certainly some of the momentum that we're seeing.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say at this point, Mike, we didn't see any big end of the quarter push, or anything to suggest a seasonality or a push effect that was noticeably different than anything we've seen in other quarters. Q4 tends to have more seasonality, but obviously, that's going to get reflected as it's in the base in the prior year. So it just felt like a solid quarter again. Don't know what the market did, but I think we feel comfortable saying at the very least the market is stable to maybe modestly better. But it didn't feel like there was any kind of one-timers in there.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. On the Neurovascular side, it's certainly seeing very solid momentum in that business. It's what helped contribute to the total Neuro technology business that saw that double-digit growth in the quarter. They -- the Neurovascular group, since the time of the acquisition, has continued to have a really nice flow of new products, most recently the Target Coil and then in August of last year, their earlier-than-anticipated launch of the Trevo device, which we obtained through the Concentric acquisition. So that market is probably still growing somewhere in the upper single-digit vicinity and part of that is procedure expansion and as new patients get identified, and we feel pretty good about the outlook for that type of sustained market growth.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, if I'm understanding the question correct, I would say on the Spine side, I think we'd like to see some more quarters of putting up some improving numbers, but certainly the fourth quarter was an improvement, with that core hardware business up in the single-digit vicinity, mid-single digit vicinity, as we're starting to see some benefits of greater focus on that business, new leadership that was put in place a number of quarters ago. And then when we did the acquisition of Orthovita, a big part of the rationale, similar to Memometal, for doing these acquisitions in our core area is unlocking the value of those products that wasn't really achievable given the limited distribution in sales capabilities of the prior -- of the company as a stand-alone. So putting that into our Spine sales force, our distribution and marrying that with our product portfolio, we've been able to drive greater momentum in that business and really unlock the value we saw in that Biologics product portfolio.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, there's really no change at all to the capital allocation strategy, as we talked about, and Kevin made in his comments on the call and it is 3-pronged. Our first priority continues to be M&A. And we're going to remain very focused on our core markets and key adjacent markets. And then we're going to do dividends and we announced in December a 25% increase in the quarterly dividend for 2013. And then lastly, buybacks, and we upped the authorization to $1 billion. And so given the strength of our balance sheet, we really have the flexibility to pursue all 3 and we'll continue to do that and given that we really believe optimizing shareholder value is going to come from acquisitions that drives top line growth, get us into fast-growing markets, expand our presence globally, while also looking to return income to shareholders.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I'll take the question, David. I would say that clearly, as we indicated in our prepared comments, the goal of this acquisition is to be able to leverage the product portfolio into other emerging markets. But it'd be too soon right now, having not even acquired the company to get into specific time lines. And really the goal over the next 18 months is to continue to strengthen our knowledge of the Chinese market. We participate in the premium segment but this gets us into the value segment of the market. And the goal here is to begin to execute on driving more products and leveraging the pipeline that they have available to them. So probably not going to get into a whole lot of specifics, particularly since we haven't closed the acquisition, but the overriding goal here was to continue to expand our footprint globally to get into what we view is the highest priority emerging market of China and in particular, the value segment where M&Cs [ph] don't really participate. It's really dominated by local players and given our existing relationship, we felt that this was a natural next step.
Katherine A. Owen: No, that's probably a level of detail that we wouldn't go into. I mean, you can certainly look at -- Trauson's a publicly traded company and get a sense for their margin profile, which is very attractive. But we probably wouldn't get into that level of granularity, particularly for a business of this size that, relative to Stryker, is not at a level we would break out.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, it was a -- you have the flexibility based on the latest rules to either put it in SG&A or COGS. We'll be putting it in COGS.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I think we're going to continue to execute on the strategy that we've outlined. We're really pleased with the concept behind the GetAroundKnee campaign, which is based on the fact that we have the only single radius knee on the market. Triathlon is not a new knee. But what's new is really differentiating and detailing in a much easier way to both customers and physicians the benefits of a single radius design. And I think that's why this knee campaign has resonated so strongly. So undoubtedly, any new competitor coming out, especially with existing surgeons, they're going to see some receptivity to that. But our focus remains on continuing to drive the features and benefits of that product, which are, really, it is the only single radius knee on the market right now. We wouldn't be continuing with the DTC campaign if we weren't really pleased with the metrics we're seeing. And obviously, the most important one being the revenue growth number. So I'm not trying to be naive about new products coming on the market, but feel really comfortable with the platform that we have and the attributes associated with Triathlon.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say it was a contributing factor, but I wouldn't say it was the driving factor. We have a new coil on the market. We launched the nanocoil earlier in the year, which is the smallest coil in the market and is very helpful, particularly as a finishing coil. So it's -- they've had some good product momentum. I wouldn't necessarily say Trevo was the driver, but certainly a contributing factor to that business.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Derrick, I'll take a stab at it. And I think as you see from our fourth quarter results, clearly, medical is still challenges we had expected following Q3. Some of that is a reprioritization of hospital capital spending around IT, as we've talked about previously and some of it is smaller budgets and people really trying to understand what are going to be the actual implications of the Affordable Care Act and it's, obviously, very early in the year to understand all of that. So we are not assuming a big rebound in that business. Initially, we're going to look at it cautiously and continue to flex -- or test flex what's going on with hospital capital budgets. But it's an area of the business that I think is inherently going to be periods where capital spending is stronger and then there's going to be periods like we're in right now where it is more challenged. We love being in this business, but going along with that means a lot more volatility in this segment than we see in some of our other businesses.
Katherine A. Owen: No, David, I think your comments are appropriate. We have not assumed any type of acceleration or meaningful deterioration beyond the current trends we're seeing. Kevin talked about not expecting a meaningful turnaround in our performance in Europe until the second half of the year. But as it relates to the overall markets, we're not assuming any big change, no bolus of patients representing themselves. I think most people have gotten comfortable with the fact that that's probably not the market dynamic we're going to see.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Joanne, I would just -- we're pleased with the fourth quarter results, but it's a quarter where we're starting to see improved momentum. So probably too early to say we've got it all figured out. We've put new leadership in some time ago, as I mentioned, and starting to see the benefits of a renewed focus there, leveraging the broader portfolio that we were able to augment with the Orthovita acquisition. But I think we need to put up a few more quarters of showing that type of improved momentum before we really think we've got this definitively on the way to rebounding.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, we're probably not going to give -- well, not probably. We're not going to give growth expectations for 2013 by segment. It's just a level of granularity that's a bit too specific. You could -- probably safe to assume, though, that we're not expecting right now a dramatic turnaround in our medical business, part of that just the inherent uncertainties that I talked about before tied to IT prioritization and also the implications of the Affordable Care Act, which we're yet to see play out. So I think you should probably be fairly cautious as you think about modeling the medical business going forward. In terms of the revenue impact from the Neptune recall, the Q4 impact was about $18 million, and we expect it to be somewhere in the $17 million to $20 million per quarter until the product's back on the market. So that will be 2 more quarters before we anniversary at Q1 and Q2. We're not assuming anything before the second half of this year in terms of being able to relaunch and even that, I would be -- I would say that, that's an approximation just given the inherent vagaries of trying to time product relaunches with FDA.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Clearly, what we've learned is not all capital is the same. And there are much bigger ticket items and those that can be deferred and within all of our businesses, medical is the most deferrable just given the nature of the type of products, beds and stretchers, et cetera, that they sell. Our other business, Endoscopy and Instruments, to lesser degrees, have capital components. But it's a different type of capital product. Endo is, as you mentioned, launching their new camera. It officially launched very late in the second quarter. As we talked about previously, there were initially some technical glitches that is very common as we've been in this market for a number of years when you really get it out in big numbers, a brand-new launch. So that is not uncommon for us. Those have been addressed. So we are in full launch mode. And you typically, historically, have seen 3-year type product cycles when we launch a new camera. We think there's a lot of great features and benefits associated with this camera, including the visualization, as well as its ability to be used in multiple procedures within a hospital. So we're very excited about it. You saw some of the benefit tied to that in the quarter. But I do think you need to differentiate between capital related to medical, as opposed to our other capital businesses.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I mean, we broke out on the call the growth contribution so that core Spine implant business was seeing growth in the mid-single digits and that we were seeing double-digit growth from Orthovita. Obviously, off of different bases. I would say Orthovita is benefiting from our much broader sales and distribution and that was a key part of the rationale. So we are definitely seeing some improvement. Kevin mentioned some of the product launches, although no blockbusters. But again, we're early in the turnaround. Really thrilled with what that leadership team and the sales force is doing. But I'd like to see a few quarters of sustained improvement.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I would probably going to largely echo some of the prior comments. I think we're seeing good momentum tied to the GetAroundKnee campaign. Some new product launches on the hip side. My comments about the market are somewhat guesstimates because we need everybody's numbers to come in to determine whether or not we gained share or we kept pace with the market certainly as it relates to the U.S. business. So I don't think I can get much more specific. Yes, we do track other metrics, but that's probably a level of granularity in terms of new accounts that we wouldn't get into on this call but overall we feel good about the market right now and certainly about what we're seeing in our business.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Bruce, maybe I'll jump in here. Clearly, in the developed -- the emerging markets, the growth is much greater than the developed markets o U.S. If you look at places like China, what we're seeing is very low penetration rates, low-single digits, whether it's trauma, hips, knee, Implants, but they're also in a very different place in terms of health care spending per capita. I don't think we see -- or once you get into developed markets, you're going to see much greater penetration rates, obviously, just given where they are in the market development. I think o U.S. and some of the Southern European countries, there's different pressures on those businesses, where, given the single-payer environment, you literally have hospitals that were doing hundreds of hip and knees a year ago and are doing a fraction of those right now, but that's a function of budgetary constraints as opposed to underlying patient demand.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I would just say on the hip side, I would note that we have got about 28,000 of those implanted since launch, so a relatively small product. Obviously, any physician dealing with this, it's never a positive thing. But I would go back to what we're putting up in terms of a revenue number for our hip business and I think just given our relative size, not to diminish what some patients may be dealing with, or physicians, but given our relative size, we believe this is a manageable item. Clearly, Neptune, our sales force would rather have it on the market than off the market and we'll be working through the issues associated with that to be able to return it as quickly as possible. In the interim, we're fortunate that Instruments has a broad product offering and seeing very good momentum with the launch of their latest generation power tool that's now going into year 2 and is helping to offset some of that impact from Neptune.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say that our external comments have not changed, as it relates to robotics. We think there is a role for robotics in medical technology that's been proven by what intuitive surgical has done. We think the role for it in orthopedic surgery is still evolving and has not yet been optimized. But we haven't commented about whether that means we do or don't have an internal program. I think, like anybody, we watch this space and we make those evaluations, whether it's robotics or other areas that long-term could impact the orthopedic market.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, taking the latter part first, the revenue outside the U.S. is very, very minimal at this point and I would not view that as a big driver. We did start enrollment in the trial in the fourth quarter and we continue to anticipate it's going to be a few years before we have that product on the market. We are excited about it because we think a diverter's important product long-term, but it's obviously, this was still fairly early stage as we work towards getting ultimate approval.
Dean H. Bergy: Bob, this is Dean. I mean, obviously, we've had 3 quarters of pretty good gross margin numbers. We did have a very good quarter from an operating leverage standpoint. Obviously, this is a quarter where, from a sales standpoint, it's our biggest quarter in terms of the numbers that we put up there. But I think we do feel good about our ability to drive some operating margin into it. Obviously, that was implied in what we had told you relative to guidance. So we feel good about where the business is positioned. We've done things with the Global Quality and Operations to start to give cost savings there. And we're continuing to look at other places in the business where we can reach out for that. So I think we feel generally pretty good about our ability to do that, but it's going to be a steady drumbeat in terms of how we tackle it.
Dean H. Bergy: Sure, this is Dean. A lot of what we're doing not surprisingly is in Europe. A lot of it is also related to some of the things that we've done in Global Quality and Operations. When we announced these projects, we thought that we'd have about $100 million of annual savings. We think about 1/3 of that will be incremental to 2013. When we initially announced this, we thought that the range of charges that we would take for restructuring would be somewhere in the $150 million to $175 million range. We think now it could be up to $50 million higher than that. And we would expect to get incremental savings ultimately of maybe of another 50% of that, the $25 million that we -- or of the $50 million of additional spending that we might do on the high end of that range. We do expect all of the projects to be completed in 2013. That additional incremental savings will really flow primarily into out years 2014. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Dean H. Bergy: Derrick, actually in the U.S. it was pretty comparable quarter-to-quarter. We did see a little bit of a fall-off in the overseas markets. Keep in mind that we do have, for one more quarter this Japan price decrease and that was probably a little bit more of a driver in this quarter than it has been, although it's obviously been with us for 3 quarters now and will sunset after the first quarter. But the U.S. Recon pricing was reasonably in line with where it's been all year.
Dean H. Bergy: Well, gross margin, I don't want to belittle the topic, but it is a very, very difficult thing for us to fully get our arms around, particularly when you talk of -- start talking about 20- or 30-basis point movements. In terms of the pickup from the prior year last year, I think we did call out a couple of things that impacted it quite a bit. One was our mix and the other thing we had last year was a negative impact that we said was about 70 basis points from our decision to slow our manufacturing plants down. So certainly, on a comparative basis, year-over-year, you're seeing that. I think in this year, we called out the things that I think are important to us and I don't think there's any one that are significantly driving it more than others. Obviously, our implant business is our higher-margin businesses. And those were pretty strong this quarter. So certainly, you can assume that's part of it. But we're also, as we've said, we've got our Global Quality and Operations group continuing to make operational improvements. And we think that will continue to help us. And that's a piece of it, but these are all small incremental pieces. And certainly, currency is one that's in there that kind of moves around from quarter-to-quarter and is a little bit harder for us to peg.
Dean H. Bergy: Sure. On the R&D tax credit, what I would tell you is that, that legislation was passed in early January. Obviously, we put out our press release on January 9, so we were certainly aware of that. And we have our guidance outlined there in terms of kind of the way it flows by quarter. So obviously, it helps us in the first quarter, but we were aware of it. Certainly, probably some level of it will be reinvested. And we have a whole year to think about that. But there are opportunities always to do things to help invigorate our business. So I think the answer is, I'm not going to comment on the specific number, but you'll certainly see the way we've outlined -- the way our guidance progresses and we're comfortable with that. On the share buyback question, I think we've been pretty clear that, that's part of our plan, but it's kind of #3 in line. So we certainly have some powder there and we would look to deploy that, but I guess meaningful is in the eye of the beholder. And I think you can expect to use some of that, but it's certainly not something that we're saying you should think about as a meaningful -- a big piece of the driver of our EPS growth in 2013.
Dean H. Bergy: Okay. Kristen, this is Dean. The number did come down, but that was from very early on. I mean, we haven't changed the number since October. And in terms of the way it'll work for us, and I think this will be different for different companies. So you'll have to ask them. It really depends on -- it's driven by when the first sale of the product occurs. And the way it works for us, it's going to tie right to our sales. So it's going to go through the P&L right away and it will go all through gross margins we've talked about. So if you want to get an estimate of what it's going to be, you can take $100 million against our top line. That's close to 100 basis points on our gross margin.
Dean H. Bergy: Correct. So for some companies it will get stuck in inventory and roll through in a different way, but ours will go through as the sales are occurring.
Dean H. Bergy: On operating margin, certainly, I -- we've kind of alluded to it. But you can see from the way our top line guidance falls relative to the way our bottom line guidance falls. You can see that there is implied operating margin improvement in there. And we expect there to be some. So we are going to be able to offset the device tax by getting additional leverage there. And relative to your other question, we really don't want to get into that level of granularity. I know we talked more about that last year, but we're comfortable we're going to be able to deliver 3% to 5%, and we believe that all 3 of our segments will contribute meaningfully to helping us get there, 5.5%, sorry.
Kevin A. Lobo: Mike, it's Kevin Lobo. I'm going to start with the foot and ankle. Our sense of the market is that it's probably growing in somewhere in the 12% to 15% range, overall. Obviously, we had an exceptional quarter growing at 39%. If you recall, we created a new foot and ankle business unit in January of 2012. And after digesting the Memometal acquisition in the prior year, combining our current products with those products took us about 1 quarter or 2 to get our stride. We had a very strong third quarter and an even stronger fourth quarter. So we're clearly outpacing the market, but it is a good market. The market is growing double-digit. We obviously grew even faster than that. And still see tremendous opportunity for growth in the market where implants historically had not been used. So this is a market expansion story, as well as a share story.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure, Matt, I would say that certainly in the third quarter, we highlighted Europe as being a problem for us. And I think we went into detail about the shift that we made from a franchise model, from the country model to a franchise model and now we're sort of rebalancing our organization, picking the best of both systems. We have a whole new reorganization, new country leaders have all been appointed. We're starting to see already some early signs in Germany, which is one of the problem areas, Southern Europe continues to struggle. What I indicated on the last call is the same thing I'll say now, which is it will take us a number of quarters. We should start to see improvement in the second half of the year. You have to remember that in Europe, implants represent a bigger portion of their business than they do in the United States. And implant business historically have been a little stickier than our MedSurg businesses. So it does take time to recover the business that we have lost over the past couple of years. But I'm very confident as [indiscernible] as the new President who was appointed back in May and the number of -- the appointments he's made in the country, I had some time to spend with them recently. I'm very excited about those appointments and feel that we're on a good trajectory. It's just going to take us a bit of time. And so no surprise with the results that we posted in Europe and I would expect similar type of results for the first 2 quarters of 2013.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure. So I think you could estimate about 1/3 of our growth was really driven by the recall. So 2/3 of the growth of the 26% you would say was just driven by core momentum. And we really had a very good third quarter as well. Then actually, if you go back the last 4 or 5 years, we've been really strengthening the trauma line. This year, we launched the Clavicle Plate. We launched Hoffmann. So we've been filling out our product bag and we are now able to really compete with Synthes even in Level I trauma centers, something that we weren't able to do about 5 or 6 years ago. So really great management, consistent management, that's filled out our product bag and a winning formula. When -- you're right, there's a lot of movement in the marketplace, a lot of integration with competitors and we've certainly been opportunistic. The stickiness related to the recall, time will tell on that, how sticky that will be. But we feel very good about the momentum in the trauma business. The additional reps were really primarily focused on the extremities areas, in the foot and ankle area et cetera, but really tremendous momentum. We've been, over the past few years, specializing our reps, sometimes just to carry a broader bag to be more focused on trauma. That has definitely paid dividends for us and we are very bullish on trauma going into 2013.
Kevin A. Lobo: Great question, Matt. The hip team is actually looking into it. I mean, clearly, you need to have a compelling concept if you're going to go on television and we have a compelling concept with knees. Something that's very differentiated and something that's resonating with consumers, as well as with our customers. I can tell you we are planning to continue the knee initiative. The hip team is studying it. We have, at this point, not yet made a decision. Because we really do need to have the concept that's very compelling before we would launch into that. But it is under consideration and we'll keep you posted.
Kevin A. Lobo: At this point, it's too early for me to be able to tell you how sticky that will be. And I think the honest answer is it will vary. I think some customers who are very loyal to Synthes and who we've obviously bailed out in the short-term will go back. But I think it's allowed a lot of other customers to see what Stryker can offer. Because the Stryker they remember from 5 years ago in trauma is nothing like the Stryker of today. So it really does depend on the receptivity of the account and our sales force's ability to show them the breadth of our offering, which has increased dramatically over the past 5 years. So I would expect some of it to stick, but clearly not all of it. But it will take some time before that plays out.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure. So, obviously, for us, it's a very strategic move. As you know, the emerging markets only represents about 6% of total Stryker sales. And even though we're very excited about the growth that we're experiencing in China and India and Brazil, it's off a very small base and it's only in the premium segment. So I would say initially, the goal is clearly to operate these products in the emerging markets initially. Over time, clearly, we could see and imagine certain markets that would have room for premium and value products. I think that will take time before that plays out. But in the short term, we have tremendous opportunities in the emerging markets. We're going to focus our energy in the short term, the next sort of few years, on the emerging markets. But over time, this does open the door and provide us with a strong brand and a history and a heritage of products that could one day land up in developed markets around the world.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, it's been a pretty active 100 days, I would say. I've had a chance to tour all over the world with Stryker and met many of the 22,000 employees. It's been really exciting for me to see how strong our businesses are, the strength of our leadership. I would say that we really have 4 areas of opportunity, and globalization is clearly one of them. And you've seen with the -- not just the acquisition of Trauson, but otherwise we have a lot of room to grow. There's a lot of products that have been a great success within the United States that we have yet to really operationalize outside the United States. So globalization, innovation, is a big area of opportunity in terms of broadening our lens beyond product only innovation, looking at different business models. Collaboration, as a third area, collaborating across divisions to drive value for customers, we're seeing some of our divisions get together, especially in the Neuro space, as well as even in Ortho, to drive value for the customer. In the past, Stryker was very decentralized and you wouldn't see that degree of collaboration. So that's a cultural change that I'm extremely excited about, still early. But there's terrific opportunities there. And then the last area I would say is cost optimization. And Dean alluded to the Global Quality and Operations improvements that we expect to flow through the gross margin line. But I would also say that inventories are a significant opportunity for us, as well as in G&A. We are later than many organizations in moving towards shared services. So despite the strength of our P&L, the strength of our balance sheet, we still see significant opportunities for improvement coming from a very strong position. In my first 100 days, I see a lot of opportunity and teams that are very passionate and excited about getting after these opportunities.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, and there were a couple of new products, but nothing major in addition to, obviously, the Orthovita products. So we -- they do have a little bit of a fuller bag, but there wasn't, sort of a blockbuster product, that was the impetus. Just terrific performance in the field.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure, so as I think about this impact in 2014, I would say it's either neutral or maybe a modest positive. I certainly think for our implant business, the vast majority of these patients are being treated today. There's not going to be an influx of new patients, I don't think, in that side of the business. There could be a pickup in some of the MedSurg businesses, potentially, as you have more patients coming through, possibly in beds, et cetera, where, if you look at patient satisfaction being a key metric for Medicare reimbursement, I think some of the hospitals that are looking to prolong may want to really invest because a bed is really seen as a very, very key element of a patient satisfaction metric. So I think we could say neutral to modest positive, but certainly in our business, there isn't -- we're not very excited by what this offers to us, based on our patient demographic and the types of products that we sell.
Kevin A. Lobo: And like we saw with trauma, I think a more full bag has a wonderful impact on the field. And whether it's one help -- which one helps which one, kind of hard to go back and actually say which one is helping pull through the other products. But the more full a bag is, the more vital it is, the more the field, obviously, respond. The reaction of the customers improved and we certainly have strengthened our Spine bag, primarily with Orthovita, but also a couple of other smaller launches. And that's having an impact. So we need to see that sustained, like as Kevin said, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves after one quarter but certainly we're pleased with the fourth quarter results in Spine.
Kevin A. Lobo: And if you look at our Recon business over the full year, it was a very strong year. So obviously, this call is focused on the fourth quarter. But if you go all the way back to January, we've had pretty much a strong year across knees and hips throughout the year. Knees, more accelerating. hips, obviously, had a little bit of a dip in the third quarter and then picked it right back up. Hips has been on a pretty good roll for almost 8 quarters now. So it's kind of sustained strong performance. I'm very happy with the leadership team we have out there. And so really have a good outlook going into next year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, it's very difficult for us to be precise on a metric like that, but I can assure that we have won new business with the knee. There are many anecdotes that I have, I can't put a specific number on it. But certainly, the attention that it's created, both with customers, as well as with consumers who have come in and asked for it, has driven some competitive volume without a doubt. So again, the exact amount, I can't be precise with you. But the fact that we're continuing with the program, obviously means there's a cost associated with a program like that. We're pleased and we're getting a return on that investment. That would not be the case if we were only selling to our existing customers.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, I think outside of Southern Europe, pretty steady market volume. No big increase, no big decrease. Southern Europe clearly is more depressed. When we give our commentary on Europe, right now, we're much more focused on improving our performance, understanding that it is a challenging marketplace. But we -- our goal is really to get back to market growth in Europe. But outside of Europe, we have very good market shares in the developed markets and we're seeing pretty consistent volumes, frankly, over the past few years.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, in our case, obviously, we've had our knee on the market for a number of years. Our revision rates are well documented, well published. So we know we have a very strong performing product. And so competitive products will have their advantages that they will tout. We know what our knee does. We know how it feels. We have enough of experience to really comment very clearly on what we're offering. And of course, we'll pay attention to the competitive offering and they'll have to demonstrate their points of difference just the same way we would. So we are aware of their features and what's different about their knees. And it's not something at this point that is overly concerning. Of course, never want to underestimate the competition, but we feel like we're in a very good place with our existing product and the innovation that we are designing around it.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yes, we still have some integration work to do relative to that. That will happen later this year. I think in the second quarter, that will be pretty much complete in terms of the full changeover of the plants there. So we'll see. But that has gone reasonably smoothly, and we would expect, as we complete that, that will be the case.
Kevin A. Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. I look forward to continuing to meet with you in the months ahead. Our conference call for the first quarter 2013 results will be held on April 24, 2013. Thank you.
