Stephen MacMillan: Thank you, Emity, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Stryker’s second quarter 2010 earnings report. With me today are Curt Hartman, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Turning to our Q2 results, I’ll offer perspective on some key achievements in the quarter and an overall assessment, before turning the call over to Katherine and Curt for more details. Having completed Q2 with constant currency sales growth coming in at 7%, which is clearly towards the higher end of our targeted range for the year, we feel well positioned to deliver on our 2010 sales commitments.  With an ongoing focus on operating expenses and solid gross margin, we realized a 15% increase in operating income, while still driving a mid teens increase in R&D spending year-over-year and a net earnings increase of 10%, putting us on solid footing to achieve our targeted per share earnings goals that we outlined back in January of $3.20 to $3.30, up 8% to 12% year-over-year, despite facing a larger foreign currency revenue headwind. And we’re clearly pleased with our demonstrated ability to execute on our sales and profit outlook.  Perhaps more importantly, Q2 was highlighted by the resolution of the remaining two FDA warning letters which follows the previous lifting of the biotech and Mahwah warning letters. The removal of the warning letters is an important milestone that validates the multi-year efforts of countless people within our organization and reinforces our commitment to executing on our companywide initiative. It has allowed us to redirect some of our R&D resources that were focused on remediation and resolution of the warning letters, back to more traditional R&D activities. And we probably can’t overstate the fact that as it does relate to our quality journey, there is still work to do and we’ll continue to invest in quality on an ongoing basis. We know we have made significant improvements in our systems and our culture and we look forward to continuing to work with FDA to realize our objective of a best-in-class quality system. As many of you on the phone well appreciates, given the diverse nature of our 18 mid tech franchises, coupled with our broad geographic presence, in any given quarter, there are parts of our business that perform ahead of our initial expectations, while others that lag.  With respect to the former, we are particularly pleased with the results achieved by all four of our MedSurg franchises, led by medical, which posted an impressive 21% year-over-year US sales increase, better than expected, even adjusting for the favorable comparisons. And after working through some challenges in Q1 tied to our quality initiative, instruments posted strong quarterly growth of 12% in the United States.  On the flipside, our reconstructive implants business was below our expectations in the quarter, while international also struggled to a greater degree than we anticipated. And, while US implants were still in positive territory on a year-over-year growth rate, the low single digit increase was disappointing.  Although, we’re very encouraged by the early reception to our new hip products, as those of you who have followed the orthopedic industry for sometime are well aware the full impact if new reconstructive implants takes a number of quarter to realize, given the significant training and education, coupled with rolling out of the needed instrumentation. Looking at our international results, as we’ve discussed the decision we made to discontinue certain products and distributors in late 2009 is causing some short-term sales disruption. And it’s worth underscoring that our commitment to the objectives of our overall quality and compliance initiatives, require us to proactively make decisions across all our businesses in order to achieve our goal of becoming a best-in-class organization.  Although, from time-to-time, this can create sales disruption, we are fundamentally strengthening our organization for the long term. At the same time, it’s fair to say, that we’re seeing better momentum across our MedSurg franchises, a trend we expect will continue throughout 2010, underscoring the inherent strength of our diverse product portfolio, the latter of which reinforces our conviction in our ability to deliver on both the sales and earnings goal we outlined at the start of the year.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Katherine.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks Curt. In summary, we continue to believe that our unique product footprint is an important competitive advantage and it provides us with significant opportunities for share gains, new product development, and acquisitions. Combined with our considerable cash balances, our tremendous cash flow generation, and the overall strength of our balance sheet, we are highly encouraged by our prospects to deliver continued top and bottom line growth. With that, we’ll now open it up for Q&A. So I’ll hand it back to you Emity.
Stephen MacMillan: We don’t think. Based on a at least J&J’s numbers this morning, I don’t think we think we’re losing share, certainly not in the US. We’re probably losing a little share in Europe, while we go through the digestion.  As we’ve Curt acknowledged and Katherine acknowledged, we lost some customers as a result of discontinuing some of the products. We think we might have lost a little bit on knee share in Japan in the quarter that we think we’ll get right back overtime here. But, overall, I think we’re feeling all right. Katherine.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, I think Mike, as you well know, first off, I think we’ve proven ourselves over the last five years that we’ve been growing our knee business well above the market and certainly been hopefully a share taker in that business. I do think what we had going on in this quarter is with OtisMed, if the approval process, so that’s going kind of out there a little bit.  And for the first time in, call it five years, our sales force actually has some hip products in the bag that they’re excited about, it was probably focused on selling hips than necessarily knees. And, you know, we’ll get that right back. So I think as we’ve been doing the extra education on the hip line, probably we might have taken our eye ever so slightly off the ball in knees. I think we’d also like to see where the rest of the competitors report.  We think anecdotally in the US, the both hips and knees, the market may have been a little bit softer this quarter. And again don’t think people should overreact and see the market is slowing down. But, I think, you know, we’re always quick to beat ourselves up on what we can be doing better and trust me we’ve always get that list. I think when the dust settles, we’re not going to be that far out of where even the market settled out for the big companies.
Stephen MacMillan: We would hope to bounce back somewhat, but I’d probably temper the expectations a little bit. I think the next big catalyst in knees for us is OtisMed. We’re probably the only company out there without a shape fitting option on the market right now. And we think those are important, we actually think we’ve also got a real game changer in OtisMed, we need to get that through the FDA. Once that gets through, I would expect you will see a very quick re-ramp to our knee business.
Stephen MacMillan: David, I’ll probably just give a – a little other perspective on it. If you go back and you look at the years of, call it, ’05, ’06, ’07, you know we were on steady march up on the gross margin piece. We then obviously took a detour as we invested heavily in our quality and compliance initiatives. And I think where we’re hoping is we’ve been saying is some of those investments would start yield additional benefits overtime.  And, you know, to me one of the real takeaways and the strengths of this quarter, people will look at and say, now wait a minute, there was a much higher mix of MedSurg, a lower mix of implants, and look at the margins we’re getting. It does make us feel pretty good without overselling this particular quarter which was certainly unusually high that there’s still a lot of power in this and I think that’s certainly what you’re getting at.
Stephen MacMillan: I think we feel not great about the quarterly results, but very good about the direction we’re on. And I think the visibility will become clear certainly in the second half of this year. Should our hip business start to be building momentum here in the third quarter? Yes. Is it going to suddenly leap up to double-digit growth? No.  This is going to be a freight train getting going on hips in the US, much as Triathlon did. I think you’re going to see the same thing at Europe, I would dare say we think second quarter was the bottom for Europe and that’s probably going to be – and I hate to use the Nike swoosh again, but I think we see probably our European business coming out in a swoosh like fashion again off the third quarter probably certainly better than the second, fourth quarter will be incrementally better than that.  Not a tremendous bounce back, but I like the programs that our teams are putting in place, the product flow that we have, the basic execution and we’ve proven ourselves to be pretty good at. So it’s really going to probably be both, but neither of them will be a third quarter this incredible bounce back.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Yes, let me take that pricing piece of it first. I think our pricing was similar to the last quarter, which is down. Pricing has gone negative in spine. I think that is going to put a little more pressure on that market have it growing a little slower. I think we also saw little bit of procedural slowdown, but we’re not totally sure whether that’s us or the market.  You know, from a competitive standpoint, I think what you got a little bit going on in spine, you know there I say is I think that the large companies that are very compliant and have a robust sales and marketing compliance programs, you know, I hate to say, I think are seeing some slightly slower growth than some of the smaller ones. And then in terms of launches, we obviously had some gaps in our portfolio certainly in the cervical plating line.  We’re filling those this year, those are rolling out. And so we’ve got I think a strength in pipeline, coming I’d say this is probably a transitional period for us for the better part of this year as we’re transitioning in and getting some new products out the door. And, ultimately I think we think we’re of sufficient scale to be able to complete and don’t need acquisitions to get bigger in that space. You know, we feel like we’re one of the bigger companies in the area.
Stephen MacMillan: We never want to quake it into monthly, monthly reporting as we much as I know actually if I got a weekly reporting. I think the whole quarter just turned out to be a little bit softer Rick than probably you know what we were expecting or anticipating and we spend a lot of time try to figure it out.  We do think certainly on the other results that were reported earlier in the day, we’re worried as we always do. Are we outliers? We don’t think we were as much outliers. We – it felt like just procedures were down a little bit on the margin. Katherine, I don’t know if you want to add anything. 
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think the – in terms of the first one, any macro issues, we’ve not heard or really picked up any macro things. I continue to feel, I want to say this the right way that I know from the analyst community, you spend a lot of time focusing on quarterly movements that so often times a couple of companies had an extra selling day, one quarter, a few extra selling days or the way the days fell that these quarterly variations look much great than what really plays out in the long-term trends. We still feel very good about the long-term trends of the business.  And, back to our own business, and metal on metal, I think we feel really good about where our hip business should go over the coming quarters. This quarter, again, everybody is going to look at it and we figure you’re going to look and everybody is a little disappointed. Back to the fact that the metal-on-metal segment is no longer growing and in fact is probably starting to turn south.  And our ADM rollout coming right into this, we think we’re in the right place at the right time, the coming quarters will tell that. But, again, I think it’s what keeps us from being more concerned and nervous if we weren’t sitting here with a great product rollout going into to offset that metal on metal decline is likely to be hitting. And we didn’t have something in the shape fitting area on our knees, it’d be a very different tone. But, again, I think we feel really good about a couple of those major trends and our position in them. And, again, the coming quarters will tell.
Stephen MacMillan: We feel we’re in pretty good shape. There’s always specific opportunities that we don’t go into Vivian, because as soon as we do, people will start to speculate about acquisitions or other things. So I think what we feel is we’re at sufficient scale in every business that we’re in and we’re always looking to supplement as well.
Stephen MacMillan: When Otis gets approved, we think we'll get a fairly quick ramp because the number of doctors that had some experience with it, and waiting for it to come. So, I think that will be a quick train leaving the station. Hip launches are more of the cross-country freight train with a whole bunch of cars behind it, slow to get going, and once it gets going; it should be hard to stop. 
Stephen MacMillan: We like it, off to a very good start in the US and I would say for at least the first year, so we're really focused on mining that business, learning as much as we can about it before, we start to really go, too far abroad. There's so many individual regulations country-by-country, even within the EU that there's a lot of regulatory heavy lifting that we'll have to occur around the world before that becomes more of a global business. 
Stephen MacMillan: Not that I’m aware of on the reprocessing front, and in general, obviously everything is done with the FDA right now. It's certainly getting probably higher degrees of scrutiny than historically. 
Katherine Owen: Thanks Steve. Consistent with prior quarters, I’ll provide some additional commentary and perspective on several key topics, including our quality initiative, our international Q2 performance and our spinal results.  On the regulatory front, as was previously announced, Q2 was highlighted by the resolution of the remaining two initial four FDA warning letters. Although, there has been some investor speculation that this may result in the ability to lower the magnitude of our investment in our quality initiative, there is no change to our outlined three year and roughly $200 million quality spend which began in earnest in the second half of 2008.  Rather, warning letter resolution is an affirmation of the plan we outlined is moving in the right direction. As we move to the second half of 2011, we expect a downtick in the spending as one-time investments associated with the three-year plan are completed.  However, as we discuss, there will continue to be ongoing investments in quality on the annual basis. We have not quantified what portion of the $200 million is one time in nature, but we would expect to redirect that spending into R&D, sales force expansion or to help offset the expected increase in cost associated with healthcare reforms. Looking at our international Q2 performance, we noted that impact from our decision to discontinue certain products and terminate specific distributors is greater than anticipated. As move into Q4, we should be through the bulk of that drag created by these actions. More importantly, although there’s been some short-term disruption in top line impacts, we believe the decisions we made back in Q3 put us in a much better position both the quality and efficiency standpoint in the long run.  Lastly, looking at our spinal results, we are continuing to see the multi-pronged impact from competitive in-roads, increased pricing pressure combined with reimbursement delays and the early stage of our new product rollout. Importantly, there continue to be tremendous opportunity for innovation in the spinal market given the unmet medical need for many patients with back pain and we believe we have a significant opportunity to bring differentiated products to market.  Admittedly, we’re being negatively impacted by some competitive product offerings, which have allowed in-roads in certain accounts and shared gains with some of the more basic spinal implants. Combined with the delays in some of our new product introductions, we have seen our spinal business come under pressure. We are addressing some of the product gaps with the ongoing role out of two new cervical plates. Although, as we discussed previously, we would anticipate that our spine franchise will still be facing pressure for the remainder of 2010. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Curt.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I would just add, we’re not seeing anything different on the pricing trends in terms of the pricing pressure that existed in the recon market. I’ll just say, if the recon market overall is mid single digit grower, which we think it is, I think you have to view that as a plus two, minus two bracket in any given quarter, because these numbers are never perfectly near.  So growing low single digits in the market we think is mid single digits, not where we want to be, but not so much of an outlier that we sit and question, is there something fundamentally different with the market this quarter and we’ll have to see how the subsequent quarters shape up, but going back to the product launches that Steve spoke to.  We feel pretty good about our ability to gain market share, recognizing there’s nothing that points to a market growth that’s going to be significantly different overall on a multi-quarter basis in that mid single digit range.
Katherine Owen: On the – hi Joanne. On the OtisMed we have filed the 510(k). I would say that our hope in what we’re working towards with the FDA is to get approval or clearance sometime this year, but beyond that, probably won’t go into any specifics on the discussions, but that’s certainly the internal goal and expectation. And then, your second question was –Joanne Wuensch – BMO Capital Markets: Well, my second question has to do with pricing. I mean, we’re beating this to death on every other company call, so why not here. Can you parse out some of the pricing that you’re seeing and say your hip, your knee, your spine, and then get a little more specific on the MedSurg portion of the business, how hospitals are reacting to that division. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Yes, we – the short answer is we’re not going to go into detail by division, by franchise. We’ll try to give some color commentary in that. We haven’t seen any major changes in trends on our implant pricing. Clearly, it’s being offset by better pricing and other businesses on the MedSurg to get to that total company price of down 1.5% and you can assume it’s a little bit higher than that on the recon implant side. But, again, no major departure from what we’ve seen in prior quarters.
Katherine Owen: I think we’re hearing a lot of the same rhetoric in terms of – clearly there are some budget pressures that are resulting on some of the various governments. There’s been discussions around austerity measures. However, that yet hasn’t translated into any real changes as it relates to reconstructive implants or any key measure that we can quantify at this point. I think it does point to the fact that just the overall economic environment in Europe is going to be challenging.  And as we’ve talked about, we have our own specific issues that we’ll be working through for the rest of the year that probably suggest that there is a huge offset from a more robust European market. But we haven’t seen any significant changes in procedure volumes as it relates to austerity measures.  However, the actual implication or what comes out of some of that rhetoric I don’t think has really played out yet. So it’s kind of something to watch, not something we can quantify that reinforces the fact that we’re probably going to see pressure on our European business this year. 
Katherine Owen: The only think I’d add is that going back to is you agree with the assumption, this is a mid single digit type market growth. We grew in the low single digit. It’s not dramatically off and it’s awfully tough and very challenging, we’ll try and read too much into one single quarter’s trend, especially when there’s been no real change in the environment, no new real change in procedure options for these station.  It’s a fairly predictable patient population, a fairly predictable surgical approach, nothing really significant we’re seeing on the pricing side which leads us to believe this is just one of those quarters that happened to be somewhat below that mid single digit growth, but it’s tough to read too much into a major change in trends from that based on one quarter’s results.  It’s not meant to sound like an excuse for us growing weaker in the market to the degree that we did, but I also just think you have to take a step back and realize it’s probably not far off, that mid single digit number and there’s going to be quarters where it’s above or below that range.
Katherine Owen: I think we’re – if what you’re referring to we made some comments on that. There has been to some degree some pushback about some of the payers on certain procedures primarily in the thoracolumbar area. And whether or not that creates a backlog or not, I think it’s just too early to know, but there’s probably been some dampening effect on procedure volumes high to that for that specific segment of the market.
Katherine Owen: I can’t say that is not happening anywhere, but I wouldn’t point that being a major trend or something that we would quantify.
Katherine Owen: On the recon side, I would go back to our comments throughout this call. We haven't seen anything major in terms of changes and whether it be procedure volume. We haven’t seen anything major in terms of changes in pricing. We're not going to go into the monthly commentary because then you get into, “Okay, well, which company had more Mondays in there quarter than the other company because more procedures are done on Mondays or how many – who had extra selling days.” There's a lot of different variables if you're going to start to get down into that level of granularity.  So, I think overall, this is just a modestly weaker, low-single-digit growth quarter for us on the recon side versus what we view us market as mid-single-digits, but again still well-positioned given the new products being rolled out that we've talked about fairly extensively, at this point, as it relates to longer-term growth. 
Katherine Owen: I think as we look at the whole economic impact whether it was patients or patients losing jobs and not getting procedures done or worried about losing jobs and not getting procedures done or then the "catch-up" that may have an impact or have had an impact in any given quarter, but we've really view it on the margin. It's not something that we’ve seen that's to any degree that we could really quantify it and call it out as that's causing some disruption in the quarter.  So to that point, as we get out a couple of quarters, could it look on the margin a little stronger and some of those patients come back and it's possible. We've really going to look at, “Is there's some change in underlying patient demand? Is there some change in options for these patients as it relates to hip and knee procedures? Is there some big change on pricing?” 
Curt Hartman: David, you’re right. I did try to give some visibility and it is an immensely complex topic when you look at a network of 21 manufacturing plants. And I think if I go back to my opening comments here, a large percentage of our manufacturing is Euro cost based.  As currency moves, as the dollar appreciated against the euro and as you look at relative sales of our US – in the US market and as you look at our other markets where you saw currency fluctuation against the Euro like the Aussie Dollar or the Japanese Yen, when you look at those relative currency movements, when you look at the mix of products what they have in the markets, the uptake on those currency moves that hit the profits and the gross margin performance are far more significant than the downside pressure that you feel from that simple currency movement in the European market.  And I think if you go back to our 2009 10-K, and I think it’s note 15, we break out the EMEA sales is roughly just below 20% of total sales. And keep in mind that’s entire EMEA and you should assume Euro-based sales are smaller percentage than that. If you just that as a percentage to think about or the majority of our sales and therefore the majority of our profits are you can see a decrease and the manufacturing costs are going to have a substantial impact on the gross margin level.  I don’t know if that helps you or confuses you. I can tell you it also gets in another factor that plays in here is the inventory turns by business unit and how those flow through. So there is progressive layering of the puts and takes as currency moves in any given quarter that are impacting the gross margin line across these various selling entities.
Curt Hartman: Derrick, I think the story overall in MedSurg and you can apply this somewhat to medical is, number one on the disposal side, the volume trends there remain consistent. They remain at or above what I would call overall procedure trend, so that really has an impact on the endoscopy and instruments business.  On the capital side, which is where we felt most of the pressure at the end of ’08 and certainly into 2009, we are seeing a return on the capital side, the capital equipment sales and purchases, I think that’s evident both in the instruments and the endoscopy side, absent on the endoscopy side, the OR communication suites which have a longer build out.  And then, clearly, for our medical business, we noted that that we’re seeing a consistent return on capital sales on beds, stretchers and the EMS platform. And I think what this is indicative of is these equipment segments that we sell into really on instruments and endo are part of the procedure, you can delay those purchases for a while, but as hospitals return to a more financially sound position, they’re electing to reinvest any equipment that’s generating the procedural volume.  In the medical side, it’s the upgrades, it’s the perhaps defined as smaller purchases than we may have seen mid 2008, but certainly the volume of purchases of capital expenditures is going up. And then, the internal metrics that we use to define hospitals in the state of capital liquidity has certainly improved over the first and second quarter of 2010. So overall, we like the trend. Again, we’re being very cautious here. I don’t see it returning to 2007 levels, but we certainly see a far more willingness to engage in conversation in purchase on the capital equipment side.
Curt Hartman: And, Doug, I think on that note, it’s instructive to look at the overall company results in the second quarter. Even if we are a little bit disappointed with some of the individual segments or geography risks, I think it’s important to recognize that company delivered pretty sound results relative to our outlook and relative to our guidance. So it should underscore some of the strength of the mix of the company.
Curt Hartman: Sure Vivian. The review of both for vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty and the acceptance or non-acceptance by payers, but from our chair, it’s not necessarily a new dynamic, certainly did hear that Noridian was taking a harder look.  And we believe that across the various markets that, number one, we stay highly engage with payers, we stay very connected to directional trends there, and we have our clinical resources that we try to lineup, help educate payers on the – on number one, the clinical outcomes that are derived from these procedures and the overall benefit to the healthcare spend system that company sees procedures when you look at the other option.  So certainly we know that there are pressures in both for vertebroplasty and kyphoplasty, various payers come up, changer their reimbursement outcomes and decisions on a somewhat frequent basis. So we’re used to dealing with those challenges and we certainly respect their right to change those decisions and we continue to maintain our offense to educating both payers as well as physicians, clinicians and patients.
Curt Hartman: Raj, we definitely like the trends in the first and second quarter. I think we'll probably be a little reserved in our comments relative to sustaining or perhaps increasing. But I think it is safe to say we have seen a return on the capital side of those businesses, not fully returned.  And we do like the momentum that all the organizations are demonstrating and that momentum is very contagious in those businesses and certainly as we look at procedure volumes, that natural inherent replacement cycle with a lot of our capital equipment is starting to materialize.  So, you couple the factors of hospitals a little bit more sound financial footing, a little bit more willing to invest in the capital dollars they have available or have access to, a great product offering across our businesses and highly engaged sales – selling organizations. We like that combination and it’s starting to materialize, favorable results. 
Curt Hartman: I think that real simple answer, Mike, is we’re encouraged by the technology. Otherwise, we would not have entered the space and that's a very simple statement to make. And I think as you look at the concept over all of shape matching and what it enables, which we wanted to some length at the analyst meeting in terms of custom approach, the speed with which the procedure can be accomplished and all of those other indications that we believe exist with this technology. We're excited that about the future and think that the orthopedics organization is excited about the opportunity. In terms of continuum of care, if you think for a minute about the knee space today the market is largely defined by what I would call the traditional digs, fixtures and instrumentation, kind of the metal. On the other end of the continuum, you have kind of like the surgical navigation, which takes that metal and puts it into bits and bites, and it's really for more of the leading edge orthopedic surgeon, who enjoy the interaction with the technology, while also driving a phenomenal clinical outcome.  And shape matching, it's somewhat a blend of the two parts in that you're taking that instrumentation, you're making it a customized, unique approach for the patient for the doctor, but you're also enabling some of that alignment depending on how you are use the technology, their anatomic or mechanical. You're enabling some of that more specific alignment that you perhaps give out of the navigation side of the business. So, I think it fits very well in the broad continuum if you define that knee continuum as starting on one end with metal and with finishing on the other end with software.
Curt Hartman: Sure, David. I think what I would first do is take you back to our introductory comments when we did announce the share repurchase authorization, that this repurchase authorization was intended to be used to offset dilutive effects of share-based compensation and other opportunistic buy-in moments, if you will. I would couple that with the other comment that we've been making for quite some time now that our preferred use of cash is M&A. 
Curt Hartman: David, I wouldn't read too much into the relationships here. I think again as we headed into 2010, we try to be very clear that R&D as a percentage of sales should be right in the middle of that historic 5% to 6%. And in the quarter, we were at 5.4% and I think it's safe to read into my comments that the R&D spent should finish the year right in the midpoint of that 5% to 6% range. And certainly as a percentage increase over 2009 levels, it's going to be double digit and probably ahead of sales. 
