Kevin A. Lobo: (01:20 – 01:25) 2015 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Bill Jellison, our CFO, and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Following my opening comments, Katherine will provide an update on MAKO, and Bill will then offer details on our quarterly results before turning to questions and answers. Our Q3 results represent the tenth consecutive quarter of delivering a minimum of 5% organic sales growth, which reflects the strength of our diversified model and our commitment to achieving revenue gains at the high end of MedTech. Once again, all three business segments delivered year over year sales growth, as continued strong momentum in the U.S., which represents approximately 70% of our sales, more than offset modest constant currency gains outside the U.S. This performance was notable given the tough year over year comparisons in MedSurg. Top-line standouts in the U.S. included trauma and extremities and neurotechnology, which continued their string of double digit growth. I am also pleased with our U.S. performance in MAKO, hip, knee and spine, which are all showing good momentum since the beginning of the year; and despite tough prior year comparisons, instruments and medical continue to perform well. Katherine will discuss MAKO in more detail, which included another strong quarter of robot sales and FDA approval of the total knee application. International markets proved more challenging, as softness in China and Latin America offset strong performance in Australia and Europe, the latter which is benefiting from the launch of our Transatlantic Operating Model at the beginning of this year. Building on our success in Europe with this new structure, we have recently announced changes to our leadership model in other regions of the world. These changes will be effective in 2016, and will drive stronger engagement with the regions and our product divisions. We believe these changes will enable us to accelerate international growth over time, although we do expect the market conditions in emerging markets to remain challenging into 2016. Turning to the P&L, we drove leverage through improving gross margin, ongoing focus on G&A and a lower tax rate, owing to the establishment of our European regional headquarters. As a result, we have been able to continue to make key investments in R&D and sales and marketing to help sustain our top-line momentum while ensuring we are achieving our financial targets. Our adjusted EPS for Q3 of $1.25 represents an increase of approximately 9% versus prior year, which is at the high end of our targeted range of $1.20 to $1.25 a share. With three solid quarters now complete, we are well positioned to meet our full year sales and revised adjusted earnings guidance. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin A. Lobo: Thanks, Kristen. This is Kevin. Look, we're very pleased with the quarter, both in Hips, Knees, as well as MAKO. I would say that the team has done a terrific job in driving organic growth within Hips and Knees. Hips you've seen for the last three years we've been driving terrific performance. We're very pleased with the Knee momentum that we're seeing, and I think we got a bit of a shot in the arm with the launch of our cones, our 3D-printed cones for revisions. But it's been momentum building throughout the year. It's just really strong leadership, strong execution. The robot sales, of course, help. I wouldn't say that we've seen much in the way of disruption, so this is really more just driving organic growth and really building throughout the course of the year.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, in my opening remarks I mentioned into 2016. I don't have a crystal ball, so it's really difficult to predict when the macro conditions will improve. We referred to capital equipment being particularly tough last quarter. We did see that spill over into implants, with distributors starting to lower their inventory levels, and we really don't have great visibility into how long it will last. I think it will certainly continue through the fourth quarter and into 2016, but it's something we're going to have to update you on as each quarter unfolds.
Kevin A. Lobo: Europe had a terrific quarter. A really excellent – we're in the sort of mid-single digit growth in Europe, and overall, you know Europe GDP is not growing at that rate, so we're very pleased with our performance in Europe and expect that to continue.
Kevin A. Lobo: Okay, all three of us. So I'll start. David, we've been working all year on plans around SG&A. We've taken a number of measures already, and we're working on evaluating some more significant measures. We still have significant scope for improvement in SG&A. We've talked before about the fact that we have very little in the way of shared services. We have many IT systems across our disparate organization. So there are significant opportunities. I'm not yet ready to quantify that and discuss that with you. Once we reach that stage, we will definitely tell you. We will be very thoughtful, as we were with GQO. We gave you a five-year road map with the amount of savings planned over that five-year period. You should expect to hear something like that related to SG&A, but we're just not ready yet and I don't want to speculate on exactly when we'll be ready to communicate. But work is ongoing, and it will be something you will hear in the not too distant future.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, I mean what we're seeing is – certainly in Brazil – it's a market slowdown, complete slowdown in the market, and that's obviously the biggest country we have in Latin America, and so it's both capital equipment as well as implants. In China, we saw capital equipment slowing down earlier in the year. This quarter, we saw implants starting to slow down. And it really, as far as we can tell, is related to macro concerns, and the distributors are just nervous. They're worried about their cash flow. And so, it's not something that I think will continue indefinitely, but it's something that we saw, certainly in certain parts of our business. We see it in Spine and Trauma more acutely than we saw it in Hips and Knees, but it was pretty broad based, and that's something we'll continue to monitor. But I don't have great visibility, honestly, into how long it will last.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, thanks, Bob. First of all I'll start with the second part of your question. I feel very good about the health of our business overall, with the one exception of the emerging markets, which I think will continue to be difficult. If I look at just across our businesses, the management teams we have in place, our ability to execute, we've had 10 quarters in a row of at least 5%, and I do believe it's sustainable. Like every year, in 2016 we're going to have our share of tailwinds and headwinds, but – and we'll give our guidance in January as you know – but I feel very good about our execution, our management teams and our ability to consistently deliver strong sales growth. Now, related to – what was the first part of the question – on capital allocation? I would tell you, you know that all of our divisions have BD people that are out looking at targets. I would say there are plenty of targets that are out there. We haven't closed very many deals, at least, not as many this year as we have in the past couple of years. But that's not a function of lack of targets. It's just making sure that the valuations work, and that the deals are going to be value-creating for Stryker. So as you know, M&A is difficult to predict in terms of timing, but we do feel that there are a significant number of attractive targets out there and our teams continue to work on that. And that does continue to be our first priority in terms of using cash.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so what we've done and we announced during the quarter that we are phasing out the role of the Group President of International. So that's a role that Stryker's had for a long time, and we're eliminating that position. And as a result, the other regions are going to report directly into our businesses. It's a big change for Stryker. It's going to enable us to be much more closely connected, to have the regions very, very closely connected to our product divisions. That's what we saw as the key benefit with Europe. I could tell you that movement in Europe is ahead of our expectations. And so, this is a natural evolution of this Transatlantic model. We knew that we wanted to get Europe done first. We had the biggest opportunity for share gains are in Europe. That did accompany some investment. We don't necessarily feel that we need to make the same degree of investments in other countries, but we saw the benefit of that region to product connection, and we know that that'll also drive value in other markets of the world.
Kevin A. Lobo: I would say that the market continues to be a very attractive segment. We're doing well in the market. We're very pleased with the SBI acquisition we did a year ago, which rounded out our portfolio. But you've seen over the past three years, we've been experiencing great growth. I would say it's primarily market driven, but in some cases we are taking market share. But I would first look at the market as being the major driver.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, certainly you've seen the numbers in the U.S. pick up and we're encouraged about the U.S. We have work to do outside the United States. A lot of those products have not yet been registered. We haven't launched many products including the CoAlign acquisition, which has given us a shot in the arm in the U.S. We're just working through all the manufacturing transition into Stryker. So, the product tail does lag a little bit outside the U.S. We have work to do there, and certainly OUS was also impacted by the slowdown both in China and Brazil. So, not pleased with the OUS results, but very pleased with the momentum in the U.S. and as we launch those products outside the U.S., I would expect the OUS business to pick up.
Kevin A. Lobo: So I'll take the first question. I would say cross-selling is something that we do wherever we believe that the customer is interested in dealing across our businesses. So the area that we tend to see this the most is in Neurotechnology, where our customers will express an interest for a Neurotechnology offer, and then our divisions will then work together collectively. So it's generally in response to a customer request. It's not something that we do proactively and that we're pushing from the center. It's really in response to customer needs. But our divisions work extremely well together. Katherine cited an example of Flex Financial which is a unit that sits inside of our MedSurg group that helps MAKO sell robots within our Orthopaedic group. So collaboration does work very, very well at Stryker, but it's something that tends to be very based on customer needs, and not pushed from the center.
Kevin A. Lobo: So, first thing I'd say is the Spine market's been a pretty stable market over the last couple of years, and so I don't believe the market is suddenly improving magically. I would say the last two quarters we've been very pleased with our performance in the U.S., and we believe that's because of the new products that we're launching and that we're growing faster than the market. Now, of course, not everybody has reported yet, so we won't have a full picture on our share gains in this quarter until everyone else reports. Related to the organic versus inorganic, we're very pleased with growing our business organically. That's always the best way to drive value in our businesses. And as it relates to inorganic, all of our divisions are constantly looking for acquisitions. I certainly don't feel compelled to do a deal, because you can see we're posting nice growth with our organic performance. But we're always on the lookout for acquisitions. But that's not unique to Spine; that applies to all of our divisions.
Kevin A. Lobo: So, sure. Right now, emerging markets represent about 8% of Stryker's sales, and that's clearly below MedTech. It's not a bad time to be less exposed to emerging markets, but that doesn't mean we aren't committed for the long term. Our India business is doing well. China will be an important market for the future, so certainly we're not going to invest at the same rate that we've invested the last couple years while we weather the current storm. But we are in it for the long term and we do plan to grow in emerging markets. It's just – we had planned previously to be a little bit more aggressive in areas like Russia and Turkey. That's currently not a good a use of our investment right now, so we'll sort of hit the pause button in those countries. And then as the market conditions improve, we'll dial up the investments. Very pleased with the investments we made in Europe; those are driving terrific returns. As an overall company, we do want to grow our business outside the United States. Our strong U.S. business continues to perform very well, and we do plan to grow outside the U.S., and that's why the Operating Model changes are extending even beyond Europe to include the other countries of the world, because I think that direct connection to our product divisions will drive growth everywhere else outside the United States. And Europe is very instructive. What we've seen in Europe we know we can replicate in other countries.
Kevin A. Lobo: Well, I'm not sure what catch-up you're referring to, because if you look at the last year's third quarter, we had knee growth of 6.8%, hip growth of 18.1%, trauma 15.3%. So we're posting strong growth this quarter on the backs of pretty strong growth in the prior year. So for 10 quarters – consecutive quarters of over 5% organic growth – it's not like we're catching the tail of periods of slow growth. We're posting consistent, steady, strong growth. Now, from quarter to quarter there's some variation between businesses, but overall, this is a very steady growth story that you're seeing at Stryker. I'm not sure I understand the question, or if it's a specific business you're referring to, because on an overall basis, we're posting growth on top of prior growth quarters that were pretty strong.
Kevin A. Lobo: Sure, so the first thing I'd say about our MedSurg businesses is they had an absolutely huge quarter in the third quarter of last year. If you look back at the numbers that we posted, close to 20% growth in a number of our – of those businesses – so very tough comps. And we're very pleased with our Medical division and expect them to continue to perform very well. Endoscopy, certainly we've had a few challenges related to the Berchtold integration. That's starting to pick up steam, and I'm feeling very optimistic about that. That camera launch, it's sort of the end of the 1488 camera cycle; we're moving to the 1588 platform. That will be launched toward the end of this year, and certainly there was a little bit of a delay in orders as people are anticipating that launch. The one product area that is later in its cycle is our system 7 power tools, within instruments, but if you look at the instruments numbers, they continue to post pretty strong results throughout the rest of their portfolio. But that's one area as you look into 2016 where you can anticipate maybe a little bit of a moderating of growth as it gets towards the latter part of their cycle. But they have another range of products that they can sell, and they're performing very well. So I would tell you I'm very pleased with our MedSurg performance. I know that the absolute growth in this quarter looks a little smaller, but again, on the back of an outstanding third quarter of last year. It's not like our business is slowing down or that we're losing momentum or losing share. I feel like we have very, very solid businesses that will continue to perform well.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so new markets are often difficult to predict, right? So when we created our Foot and Ankle business unit a few years ago, I really didn't expect that the market would be this big and that the growth would be this high. So it's been a fantastic business unit for us, performing extremely well mostly with organic growth. We had, obviously, the SBI acquisition as well. The market still seems to be very hot. There's still a lot of surgeons that are increasing their volumes, and more and more surgeons getting trained. So we do believe that this will be a high growth market for the foreseeable future. Now, whether it stays up at the 20% or starts to moderate, I'm not sure, but we're not really concerned about competitive dynamics. We have a great product portfolio, very strong sales force execution, and when you're riding market growth and you've got the products and the sales force, it's a good place to be.
Kevin A. Lobo: So, M&A, the timing of M&A is always difficult to predict. And valuations is one factor; it's not always the only factor. We also have issues sometimes around quality, of remediation that's required. Sometimes it's cultural fit, so there's always a range of issues that we go through when we're looking at a target, and as we get under the covers and do due diligence, then we sort of figure out whether we really want to move forward or not. Valuation clearly is always one of the factors, but I wouldn't say suddenly, just because we have a temporary market pullback that the companies are ready to sell to us at a much lower price. So, I think it will take a little time for that to settle in, but clearly, valuations is one of the factors that we look at and one of the reasons that we won't move forward. But it's not the only reason.
Kevin A. Lobo: Yeah, so I tell you that we're not focused at all on the competition. We really don't see Blue Belt as a fully robotic solution. It's really, in our view, it's an enhanced navigation system. It doesn't have the type of features that our system has. So we really believe we're alone in the purely true robotic space, and we have a long runway ahead of us. And we're really not concerned with the competition.
Kevin A. Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the fourth quarter 2015 results will be held on January 26, 2016. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will focus on MAKO, with a particular emphasis on our planned rollout of our triathlon total knee on the MAKO robot. Firstly, with respect to the quarter, we sold another record level for Q3, with 17 robots globally in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to 41. These robot sales represented a nice mix of existing and competitive accounts, while also reflecting both direct purchases and lease agreements through our Flex Financial Group. Looking at the total knee, recall that we received FDA clearance in August for this key robotic indication, which we believe will drive considerable differentiation in the reconstructive market. Momentum continues to build for the MAKO total hip and the Uni has gained considerable market share. Beyond these indications, we have a high degree of conviction regarding the opportunity for the robot with the total knee, which we anticipate will enable us to drive market share gains following full commercial release. Against that backdrop, we wanted to provide greater visibility regarding the launch of the total knee, as we focus a significant amount of our time and effort on the front end to enable an optimal physician and patient experience. Given the anticipated impact of the total knee, we are committed to extensive training with our 1,000-plus sales force as well as our surgeon partners. We also will look to collect data that will further strengthen the value proposition as we analyze the ability of the robot to positively impact a number of clinical and economic outcomes. The initial phase of our launch, which will get underway late this year, will target a small group of existing robotic users who represent the key opinion leaders in the surgeon community. This will help drive a database of outcomes that will allow for a presence at key podium presentations beginning in 2017. We will also target current non-robotic surgeons who are also KOLs and have extensive experience with our triathlon total knee. By observing outcomes for both groups, we will be able to enhance the training protocols prior to full market launch. A broader market release will get underway in the second half of 2016, setting the stage for full commercialization as we head into 2017. Note that beyond this critical training and stage release, there is considerable support being provided as we upgrade the existing robots in the field to enable for total knee placement. In sum, we're committed to leveraging our leadership in reconstructive surgery to help ensure that this transformative technology for total knee replacement has an optimal rollout, while setting the stage to collect key data that will further validate its value. As we have stated previously, our approach to market launch will limit the revenue impact for this indication in 2016. However, we anticipate we will be on a path to demonstrating market share gains in total knees beginning in 2017. With that, I will now turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, with all of our capital businesses, the fourth quarter tends to be the strongest quarter and MAKO would be no exception on that matter, so we would expect a solid fourth quarter. I think it's just too early. Clearly, the Knee indication has sparked a lot of interest in the clinical community and there's a lot of excitement around it. But I think at this point, how early we are in starting to roll out and in fact that we're in really the training stages, and not being in full commercial release until late next year, it's just too early to say. I think what you're seeing on the organic Hip and Knee performance in the U.S. is a lot of good execution, certainly bolstered by MAKO, but MAKO isn't having the impact, for example, on our Knee or Hip momentum that we would expect to see particularly with the former as we head into 2017.
Katherine A. Owen: We don't break out the mix, although I would say it's still dominated by purchases, but there's a decent component of leases as well. And that's really aided by our Flex Financial Group that's been around for a number of years now and exists throughout all our capital businesses within MedSurg as well as Ortho.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say just reflected, and as we continue to place more robots sequentially, you're seeing the impact it's having with our very large sales force out there, articulating the benefits of using a Hip in both robotic. They don't need to establish a lot of credibility in market share in Uni so the gains there are less significant. But in Hips, having our sales force well into the integration now being able to articulate the benefits has really helped drive that adoption.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, I think any time we do any improvements, it certainly helps. But I think the biggest factor is having our considerable sales force obviously much, much larger in size out there, aligned and coordinated with their MAKO counterparts, going into hospitals. And those are both our own customers, as well as competitive accounts, and being able to place a robot and then drive the adoption obviously with Uni and Hips. And then as we go forward, the economic value proposition only improves as you start to layer in the Knee.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, we're really pleased with the momentum that we're seeing in the Spine business. And that really is several years of increased investment in R&D. We have a terrific R&D leader in there, who I think you saw last week at NAS. We've launched something like 10 new products in the last six months. That's more than we've launched in the last two years, collectively. And we have a nice pipeline of new products slated to be launched as we're going forward, so we're going to focus on R&D, driving innovation, and optimizing the sales force and that's all the things that the current leadership is executing on. So, that will be the focus. There's no magic bullet here, but we're going to continue to look at that and clearly pleased with the impact some of those products are having.
Katherine A. Owen: And then, Joanne, with respect to your second question, I would say that since this is really not new to the industry, really more moving over the next few years within Medicare to a mandatory, what you tend to see in this situation is a much bigger focus on the post-acute care, particularly patients that are discharged to rehab because the dollars there and the opportunities for cost savings are much, much greater than any of the other areas. So what we've seen is they tend to focus there is significant disparity around the U.S. in terms of what patients are sent home versus those that go directly to rehab. And we'd expect that trend to continue. Doesn't mean pricing pressure isn't going to go away. We just don't believe that's going to be a trigger to change dramatically the pricing backdrop within the implants.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, sure, Raj. I think as you think about what we said in terms of the early launch, was we're really looking at observational outcomes with both existing robotic and non-robotic users, but really focusing on the key opinion leaders who really have a presence at the podium. And we're going to be evaluating everything from implant positioning, adverse events, ligament releases, patient satisfaction, that's going to be a lot of the initial focus. Absolutely over time we'll be developing, I'm sure, more robust clinical evaluations or trials, but right now that's going to be the focus initially.
Katherine A. Owen: I think that's something that will come over time as surgeons move up the learning curve and gain greater experience. But given a very limited launch early on as we look to optimize the training protocol, that won't be the focus.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, we haven't quantified the targeted gains. We have been very clear that we do expect, once it's in full commercial release, to begin to get on a trajectory to gain meaningful market share, and we would expect to be on that trajectory in 2017. I wouldn't be assuming quite that level of share gains, but we also want to get some experience under our belt. This is brand new to the industry, and – but we're really excited about the impact it will have in terms of driving share gain in 2017. I think as we get closer to that timeframe and we think about setting our targets for 2017, we'll be able to have a better sense of what that could practically mean.
Katherine A. Owen: Yeah, well, I would start by saying when you look at our portfolio it does address both hemorrhagic and ischemic, but the majority of the revenue is still driven on the hemorrhagic side, which is going to be the coils and related accessories where we're seeing growth. Ischemic growth is certainly outpacing that, but it's a much smaller market at this point in time. And it's certainly benefiting from data, whether it's the MR CLEAN study that showed using stent retrievers, including the majority of the retrievers used in that device was our own, absolutely have a benefit on patients, and this was further enhanced with the AHA guidelines that came out earlier in their year. So that data is really underscoring the benefits of these devices that are the only devices that have clinical data supporting their use in ischemic patients. So growth there is much faster, but obviously off a much smaller base.
Katherine A. Owen: There really haven't been any new entrants into the Hip and Knee market. The competitive backdrop has been very stable. I think as we think about the merger between Biomet and Zimmer, they're obviously a considerable player in the market. We haven't seen them report Q3 results, so like you, we're at a disadvantage. We feel very pleased with the momentum we're seeing in the business. We have said it's usually a few quarters in before you really get a sense if any dissynergies are tracking above or below what they anticipate, but we're really focused on our business. We have got a great portfolio of products. Obviously, the MAKO and the new indication we see as a huge benefit. We'll see what happens to them, but really the focus right now is gaining traction with our own customers and using MAKO to get into some competitive accounts.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say when you think about it, right now, essentially all of our focus is on the recon market. I can't underscore enough the amount of time and energy that's being put into the total knee launch to make sure it is executed as close to flawlessly as possible. We do think that is the biggest indication and can have considerable impact on the market. I think there will be downstream applications in other areas of joints, whether it's in the shoulder or in the spine, but that is multi years away from where our focus is right now.
Katherine A. Owen: That, the latter, very small. And it really covers the entire range; we're seeing all sorts of customers out there. I wouldn't be able to characterize it as one specific type of hospital. We have some hospitals with one robot, some with multi. We have some that were existing customers, some that are competitive customers, some that are buying the robots, some that are leasing the robots. So it really is the full range. There's not one specific characteristic that I would point to.
Katherine A. Owen: I would say at the end of 2016, we feel like we'll be in a very good position to go into a full commercial launch and we won't be limited by the need to upgrade existing customers. You're always bringing on new customers, but that's part of the reason to have a very measured, controlled rollout, is to make sure that we're in a position really to put the pedal down when we go into full commercial launch.
William R. Jellison: And just as a general comment associated with the leverage expectations, pretty consistent with what we were talking about before. So if you're seeing kind of this mid-single digit sales growth, we believe we can grow our broad based operating margins kind of in the 20 to 40 basis points, 30 to 40 basis points range on an average basis over a three- four-year period of time. I think that that's pretty consistent with our expectations, and if you look at where that should come from, price is a key factor. So as we mentioned in the past, as price is kind of still up close to around the 2% range, we'd expect very little improvements at the gross margin level, and most of that would really be taking place through the SG&A related leverage. If price is 1.5% or less, which we don't expect – we expect it to be in the 1.5% to 2% range – but if it was less than that, we would expect to be able to drop some through at the gross margin level. And obviously if the price went above 2%, then we think that that could cause some detrimation (23:57) to the overall gross margin rate, but the operating margin rate would still be able to provide some level of leverage. Next year, on the SG&A side of the equation, as we talked about before, this year we had heavy investments for both the RHQ structure to support our tax and some of our new sales and marketing related efforts with the TOM model, but we do expect to get good leverage out of the SG&A category next year to be able to deliver on those results.
William R. Jellison: Sure, on the operating margin side of the equation, as I mentioned before, we are generally comfortable with kind of that 20, 40 basis point improvement moving forward. We think our businesses are structured in a good way to deliver that. A key part of that is based on price and also based on our top line sales growth. Kevin mentioned, or alluded to, at least, being comfortable with kind of something in the same type of sales growth range, even for next year. If we deliver in that type of a range, we would still expect to get reasonable operating margin leverage off of that. We have not given any guidance, obviously, for 2016. We'll have to take a look at kind of where FX is as well as the markets are at that point in time, and we'll give better guidance with our next call.
William R. Jellison: Yeah, I'd say that right now based on where current rates are at, we would only expect maybe somewhere in the $0.05 range of a negative impact for next year, but again, it depends on where rates change over the next quarter on what we look at and when we give our guidance. But that's probably a reasonable range at this point.
William R. Jellison: Sure, so I mean, one, we don't break that down externally at all. But I mean, you should expect that any of our businesses that are seeing mid-digit plus kind of organic level growth, we would expect to get reasonably good operating margin improvements on that over time. And based on the market growth dynamics in different geographies and/or in aggregate for a business, if the growth rates are down in the lower single digit range, you probably shouldn't expect really any operating margin improvements. As that goes up though, we should definitely get operating margin leverage in almost any of our businesses. And I think that, in general, that's what we're driving to achieve over a two to three year period of time, on average.
William R. Jellison: As far as the gross margin rate question is concerned, so yes, it was a very good quarter, as I mentioned, really in the early part of this year, both in the first and second quarter. We talked that our gross margin rates were going to improve as we moved into the third and even in the fourth quarter of this year. Our expectation maybe from a breakdown of some of the categories, so two of the biggest impacts in this quarter are FX and mix, and maybe a little bit on the pricing, since pricing was only at 1.3% for us. But FX and mix were probably, if you look at the total improvement, they're probably each in the 50 basis point plus range as far as the impacts that they have. Keep in mind that a lot of our products are manufactured in Europe, so as the European or the Euro currencies have been declining this year and the U.S. has stayed strong, we've actually continued to get improved gross margin rates from FX, despite the fact that FX on the bottom line at the EPS level has actually been negative for us. And then, same thing on the mix side. I think that you should expect both of those to continue as we move into the fourth quarter. And then you should look more from an anniversary perspective that the improvements that we'd expect next year would be relatively modest at the gross margin level, but we'll get into that as we announce our overall expectations for the year. Generally, if price is at the upper end or in the 1.7%, 1.8% to 2% range, we'd expect our gross margins to be relatively flat in that kind of an environment.
