Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I'll provide opening comments, followed by Preston, with an update on the current environment and our most recent acquisitions. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results, before opening the call to Q&A. I would like to start my comments by expressing my appreciation for the perseverance shown by our employees, as they work through the many challenges that we faced during 2020. Throughout the year, we maintained high employee engagement, while continuing to support surgeons and caregivers around the world. Our fourth quarter organic sales declined roughly 1%, reflecting the impact of a resurgence of COVID-19 infections, offset by continuation of emergent procedures and strong performance by our large capital products. We are also excited about closing the Wright Medical deal during the quarter and the category leadership that we gain in the fastest-growing segment within the orthopedics market. Preston will provide some additional updates on the integration shortly. Throughout the quarter, we maintained the financial discipline instituted at the beginning of the pandemic, which, combined with a favorable tax rate, led to an adjusted earnings per share of $2.81 in the quarter, up approximately 13% versus 2019. And we delivered impressive cash flow from operations, which exceeded $3 billion for the full-year. In addition to closing the Wright Medical acquisition, we also made progress in many areas that will provide future growth opportunities. We have established a structure focused on digital, robotics and enabling technology, where we see significant opportunity to create a company-wide unified digital ecosystem, including Mako. We maintained our commitment to drive innovation across our various business units, including Neurovascular, where we gained new product approvals across aspiration, stent retrievers and flow diverting stents. And in our MedSurg segment, where we continued product introductions with a focus on safety and prevention. Finally, we successfully launched our ASC sales model, which leverages the Stryker portfolio to provide end-to-end solutions to meet the growing demand and shifts to the outpatient setting. Our continued support for our customers and our commitment to innovation will position us well for growth as the pandemic eventually subsides. Turning to 2021, our people and culture of execution remain strong, which will allow us to deliver on our commitment to make healthcare better and to resume our customary strong organic sales growth and leverage earnings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Preston.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Thanks, Bob, I would say, certainly at the end of the year, really did, we got that second wave spiking and certainly you saw that in the discretionary procedures, a pretty big slowdown after a pretty good month of October, and it really start to tail off November-December. On the large capital front, we're actually very excited. So what we experienced through Q2, Q3 and Q4 from an order book standpoint is continuing to be very strong. So that is really good news, it's good news for Mako, it's good news for Medical. On the small capital side, we've always said that that tends to lag a little bit, that the recovery in discretionary procedures and you certainly saw that within certainly the endoscopy division and the instruments division, where I would say that those orders are maybe going to take a little longer to really come back in the same way. But overall, I mean, we have enough confidence now with the hospitals being ready to do these procedures as soon as the pandemic starts to subside, as soon as the vaccines start to become more prevalent. But, they will turn it on pretty quickly and they'll be pretty agile, and that's why we feel pretty confident of being able to give a - I think a healthy guide certainly going back-half off of 2019 around 8% to 10% organic, so we - so it will spike throughout the year starting with a - obviously a slower Q1. And the good news is we have the whole year. So even if the discretionary procedures drag a little bit, we saw in Q3 a pretty big spike once things started getting healthy. So over the course of the year, we're hoping that and believe that the guidance will be - we will be able to sustain even if it's maybe a little softer in Q2 and little stronger maybe in Q3.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, David. I mean without getting into every single division, what I would just give you as a macro comment is we feel that we have the right offense to continue to win in the market and continue the strong growth. You saw for seven straight years, we accelerated our organic growth. In 2019, we culminated with over 8% organic growth and I think that muscle that we developed, the structure that we have in our business units, the new product pipeline that we have, has positioned us to be an above-market grower and we expect, fully expect that, that will continue into 2021. There are obviously differences by divisions, but we feel like we're in a very healthy position overall. And that's what gives us confidence in the guide. Clearly, Wright Medical is a big acquisition. There are dis-synergies that we've assumed there. It was highly dilutive to the normal operation of our business. We'll see how that unfolds over the course of the year. The early signs of the integration are very positive, but we have put in some improvements there just based on what we've experienced with our K2M acquisition and what, frankly, all other implant companies have experienced with their integration.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. No, we remain very bullish about our joint replacement business as well as Mako. And you saw just the increase in Mako is pretty remarkable. To have almost one out of two knees being done on Mako and it's not been that many years since we launched the system. So unlike navigation in the past, which obviously never had this type of an uptick, we continue to have strong, not only installations of robots, but utilization. And even hips, we're seeing that continue to increase as well and the new hip software was installed in about 400 accounts in Q4. So, we had the approval, obviously, earlier in the year but because of the pandemic, it's taken us time to actually be able to go and do the upgrades. But that will pick up steam again into 2021. So again, looking at one quarter, whether it's a positive or negative in a pandemic world, it's not something I am too concerned about it. It's just based on where your regional strength is. If you happen to be in a state or a locality that's doing procedures, then you got benefit and if you didn't do, that hurts. So it's a little bit random during the pandemic, but structurally, I think we're in great shape with that business.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Pito, I would just tell you - and this is - we're not in a normal run rate period, right? I mean, I think we're still coming out of some pretty variable trends that we saw in the fourth quarter and continuing certainly into the first quarter. A lot of it's going to depend on the localized hospitalization infection rates and really how those decline over time and how the vaccine is out there and more prevalent. So, I think that's what I will continue to look at, as we think about what that recovery - that recovery trend is going to be. At this point, it would be too hard really to give you too much guide on how that's going to exactly happen. And that's why you see the wider guidance that we provided.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So, this is Kevin. I'll take that. First thing, I would tell you is the introduction of competitive systems has not slowed down our Mako momentum whatsoever and we don't expect that to change with one more system on the market. If anything, it's just proves to further validate that robotics is here to stay in orthopedics. And we really believe, we have the best solution on the market as evidenced by the uptick in the procedures and we disclosed the fourth quarter, almost two knees in the United States being used with Mako. So surgeons absolutely love our system and are using it at very, very high rates. There also is a synergy with the way that our system ensures an absolutely perfect cut. And with HaptX, which we're the only ones to have but that is very complementary with cementless and you see both of those adoption rates moving in the same direction. So we love our chances of competing side by side with anybody and we think this provides a further tailwind in the adoption of robotics in orthopedics.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, what I would tell you is that certainly, we've always been believers of enabling technologies as evidenced by some of the different businesses that we've acquired with some of the different products that we've launched, and really with a focus on improving patient outcomes. And we believe that a lot of the technologies, including the blueprint technology that Wright had previously invested in are complementary really to some of the platforms that we have. And as part of the integration with the right organization, the R&D portfolio and technology teams, they are all working together really to build out what those long-term pipeline plans are going to be and really leveraging all of the different unique products and capabilities from both sides. So, we will continue to see investments in those areas.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Kaila, we don't typically provide any of that segment breakdown in terms of our guide, but I think if you just take a look at - that looks we are expecting to happen in the marketplace and what's really been happening through 2020 and as we go in - into 2021, certainly those businesses that we have that are affected are more affected by elective procedures should see the benefit of elective procedures returning throughout the year. The other thing I would just say, as Kevin had mentioned to our smaller capital products are really those products that are facilitating many of those elective procedures should also see some of that benefit. And then as it pertains to really the large capital segment, we've continued to see strong demand in those areas and would expect to continue to see some of that demand throughout '21 as well.
Kevin Lobo: I think, it's certainly fair to say that the variability that we experienced in the fourth quarter, we expect that to continue into the first quarter and then we should see benefits happening as we progress throughout the remainder of the year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So, I'm not going to get into too much detail just for competitive reasons, but I would say that I'm delighted with the ASC offense that we put in place. It involves people from different parts of Stryker that basically quarter backed the deal and bring in multiple divisions based on the unique needs of every ASC. Every ASC is unique. Every deal is a customized deal but the way we've navigated this enables incredible collaboration across our divisions. We've put just absolutely fantastic people in charge and really we have the breadth of our portfolio with capital equipment, disposables and implants and really for the first time as a company, we're really leveraging that in the United States. We have had success with such model sometimes in other countries around the world. But in the U.S., this ASC model has been truly fantastic, exceeded my expectations. And I'm bullish that they'll be able to continue to have great success in the ASCs and frankly, Mako is often part of that formula in the ASC, but not always. We obviously had a presence in performance sports, but that business, fortunately, has really started to grow as you even heard in the fourth quarter in spite of the pandemic, it grew over 9% and so having a strong sports business plus all of our other businesses and now with the Wright having extremities, category-leading position, we just have a fantastic portfolio to serve the needs of the ASC, and now a commercial offense again not getting too specific, but let's just say, we make it easy for the ASC and we provide customized solutions.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks. So certainly, I'm delighted with the progress, both with the Mako adoption as well as Mettler's. I don't think Mettlers will ever get to where it is with hips, just because of bone stability. It's a weight bearing joint, but clearly, we can now see, it's going to be significantly higher than 50%, which I think five years ago nobody would have believed if we had said that. So that's pretty remarkable. In terms of the actual use of Mako, as you saw, we have a lot of robots installed this year. So I would expect that that looking at the percentage of having these done with Mako will continue to increase, same with hips. Outside the United States, it's going to - it's taking a little longer obviously because of the approvals, but we're really excited about getting the total knee approved in China, Brazil and Russia and certainly Japan and China are going to be very, very good markets for us. Japan, we've made some progress already. Maybe the approvals took a little longer there as well. But the new hip software, of course, is also very important. As you know, there's a lot more hip procedures done in that part of the world. It's almost not the same as knees unlike the United States. So, we love the fact that we have multiple applications, all approved in those markets and we would expect you're going to see a similar kind of growth that you saw in the United States. They may not be quite as quick. You've seen that, frankly, with Intuitive in soft tissue robotics. The uptake is a little slower outside the United States, but we expect the same kind of runway longer term and are very bullish about the prospects, especially in China, Japan, Brazil, for sure, are going to be terrific markets for Mako.
Kevin Lobo: We're not really ready to give timeline yet. We have to get a lot closer to launch before we're going to be specific about timelines. I would say that I'm extremely bullish about shoulder. I think I've said that in the past. It's a very difficult procedure to do. That our enabling technologies have been right, that were - our teams are working on with our Mako teams. And we'd be very excited to be able to bring that to the market with their market-leading implants. But I'm not yet ready for timelines and same with spine. Not yet ready for timelines. We have two options for spine. One is the robotic program that was being developed by Mobius prior to the acquisition as well as Mako. So, we have work done in both areas. But I'm just not ready to give timelines. Robotics is complicated. And we will keep you posted.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So, booms and lights certainly hasn't been as positive as Mako and the beds and stretchers. And certainly, the defibrillators because the medical capital really did - had to ride a bit of a pandemic tailwind, if you will. And booms and lights large construction sort of slowed down a little bit. That should pick up starting next year. And that's part of the drag that you see within the Endoscopy division with the booms and lights portion. But certainly in ASCs, they're busy, but certainly the large capital spend projects were delayed a little bit. They are starting to pick back up again. So, that's obviously a smaller business within the overall Stryker. But Medical, we continue to feel bullish. So, we did get a bit of a pandemic benefit, but this new bed that we launched is really a fantastic product, getting great customer feedback. Sage has also picked up. So, that was really hit hard in the second quarter, third quarter, had a nice pickup in Q4 and that business will presume its high growth as the pandemic subsides. So the diversity of our portfolio is really that gives us the optimism that we're going to continue to see strong growth in Medical. And it wasn't just sort of a pandemic bump and then will suddenly drop because of the innovation in our portfolio and frankly, just really, really strong commercial execution.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, sure. No, I would just say that it's - those products are used in discretionary elective procedures. So, they were directly hit in the same way that you saw our other deferrable procedures being hit. And so because of the nature of those products, as the pandemic subsides that growth will pick up. So, there's nothing more to read into than that. Our hospital behaviors didn't really change either positively or negatively. If you can do the procedures, they will use the products. If those procedures were sort of shut down, then those products weren't being used and then they weren't being purchased. So, I would expect it to follow a similar pattern just based on other elective procedures
Kevin Lobo: Yes. So certainly, as I think about those two acquisitions, there are some similarities and then there are some pretty big differences. The similarities maybe in the foot and ankle side, where there is more of a true integration that's happening between the Stryker business and the Wright business. But for the upper extremity side, it's much more of just bringing them into Stryker and continuing on with the growth that they've had. So it is a little bit different from that perspective, as we think about bringing on the acquisition of Wright versus K2. Just like with any and all of our previous acquisitions and we've learned along the way and leave those learnings as we plan for additional or new acquisitions that are coming, the same was true with Wright. And so we utilized really that year long period between sign and close to ensure that we're focused on getting the correct integration plans in place so that we can hit the ground running. And today, that's what the team has done. They have executed to the plan. And as I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've really done a lot of focus on ensuring that the sales organization are being integrated in a timely fashion. And so that's where we are at this point and certainly, we will continue to provide some updates as we continue with the integration throughout the year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. I think the trend of the ASC is, it was already accelerating prior to the pandemic. It's going to continue without a doubt, especially for hip and knee procedures, foot and ankle procedures, even some of the spine procedures. So, I think this is a permanent trend. It will continue. And obviously, now we have reimbursement coverage for hips as well as knees through Medicare. So, this is a trend for the future. And I actually think it's not going to stop in the United States. There is already countries like the UK and even Canada are looking at moving to lower cost sites of care. It's a good thing for health care overall. And these surgery centers make good money. They're very profitable. They don't have the burden of the cost of a large inpatient hospital. So, you can debate with the actual pace of the curve, but there is no doubt in my mind that this is a - it's a trend that's going to continue to accelerate.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Thanks for the question. So on OrthoSensor, obviously, it's new under the belt here a few weeks. And so it's not something that we have fully developed all the various plans in terms of how we are going to market for any of the product at this point in time. And so as that happens, we'll certainly be able to come back and give you updates with regards to how we're going to market and what the impacts might be in terms of what the legacy business was and what we expect it to be in the future. And I think the same holds true as we think about the future product launches, as well as I mentioned before, we haven't defined all those timelines yet. And so all of the items that you bring up in terms of how it will commercialize, how it will be sold, et cetera, will all be developed and done at that point.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. I think obviously we took on additional debt when we did the Wright Medical acquisition. We've also made commitments to reduce our debt over the next few years and so that will be something that's ongoing. And you'll see that in our financial performance. But because M&A is so important to our growth strategy and keep in mind that our normal M&A strategy is really just smaller tuck-in deals. It's what we do well, it's what we do best, and we can execute those quickly. So I think just like with OrthoSensor, you will see us continuing with smaller tuck-in acquisitions like we normally do through the year, and I don't anticipate that you'll see a - sort of a big acquisition of the size of Wright Medical for a couple of years. And frankly, if you think back to even when we did Sage, and when we did Physio, those were two very large acquisitions. We moved into a strategy for a year or two, just doing tuck-ins, which served us very well. And so I think, it will play out very similar to that.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. So that is out in the market in a limited way in the fourth quarter, and really rolling out for a full launch as we think about the first quarter of 2021. In terms of the features and benefits, really it's a - three things I would probably point out to here, I think one, just advanced fall prevention really focusing on keeping patient safe, as well as we think about low height feature. I think the bed drops down to about 11 inches off the floor. And then also, it's - the first bed that's really truly wireless. And so really all of those items trying to meet some unmet needs in the marketplace to drive benefits in the bed market.
Kevin Lobo: Okay. Sure. So I'll start with the second part, this, the world is obviously going more and more digital. We have a Stryker health cloud. There's all types of data that we're collecting from Mako that we want to be able to mine that data with thousands and thousands of procedures already being done. And really connect that with sensors. So we really see this as not just limited to joint replacement. It's going to be across all of our businesses whether it's trauma, whether it's cranial maxillofacial, sports. And so this is something we're really excited about and we named Robert Cohen, the head of that business on behalf of all of Stryker. And so we already had initiatives going on in different parts of the company, and we are sort of bringing it all together to really create more leverage and really be able to have centers of excellence around different types of technology blocks. And so to us, it's extremely exciting. Robert knows the company very, very well. It's - I think many of you know, Robert, very well positioned to lead this function for the company. And sorry, can you go - repeat the first question, again. I'm sorry with that. I didn't catch them.
Kevin Lobo: Sports, yes, so sport has been just a fabulous story for Stryker. But when I joined the company almost 10 years ago, our sports medicine implant business was really tiny. Most people didn't even know we had a sports medicine implant business, and we have grown it pretty dramatically since then, primarily through internal innovation. But we've also done a series of very small acquisitions, and one of them was Pivot, you may recall for hip arthroscopy. More recently, we launched a lateral row anchor for shoulder which has been, we call it Omega product name, which is a fantastic product. We picked up, throughout the year, we picked up another product as well which - these are all key fundamental products, whether it's in knee, whether it's in hip or whether it's in shoulder. So we - now we have all three of the joints very well covered in sports, and we are just growing at again very, very robust rate. And the timing couldn't be better with the shift to the surgery center and being able to use sports combined with our other divisions. Again, we really ported on in the last few years in sports, because of lot of investment internally that we've done. And we have a fabulous year. That business is run out of Denver and we're really excited about the progress we've made in sports.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, sure. So clearly, Wright Medical had a much bigger shoulder business than Stryker. And a lot of the Stryker business frankly where with the hip and knee surgeons, but also did some volume of shoulder. And the teams are obviously working on that through the sales deployment, working out which surgeons are going to be allocated to which sales people. They made great progress on that front. And cross-selling opportunities will exist. But as Preston mentioned before, this integration is not going to be as tricky as the integration on foot and ankle, just given that we tended to - they tended to be strong with a, I'll call it, fully dedicated upper extremity surgeons. And we tended to be stronger with those surgeons that did a smaller number just as a general statement. So, I think this integration is going to be terrific. We were really thrilled that we'll have the leader from Wright Medical take over the combined business of upper extremities. And their Head of Sales is also running the combined sales organization and they're both outstanding leaders. And we are delighted not only to bring the business and the products of Wright Medical, but being able to bring over some of their key leadership. Even the leader of our combined foot and ankle business came from Wright Medical. So not only are we bringing over great technologies, we're also bringing over great talent with that acquisition.
Kevin Lobo: Matt, I would just tell you, at this point, it's very difficult to really talk about just given the variability and it's not dissimilar to what we've seen really in second and third quarter as well in terms of how the surgeries are being deferred and where they are being deferred and how they're coming back. So, I think that really is difficult to use one quarter and certainly difficult in the midst of this pandemic to use one quarter. So I think, as we look at it, we're looking at, as we get to those normalized rates and knowing what we've done from a Mako, implement a Mako placement and install standpoint, that we have a lot of runway to go in terms of growing markets in knees.
Kevin Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call. Like you, I'm very, very pleased to have 2020 behind us. And looking forward to a strong year in 2021. We have to get through, obviously, the remainder of this pandemic. But as you saw from our guide, we are feeling very confident about the future. And we look forward to sharing our Q1 results with you in April. Thank you.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Hi, Vijay. Sorry I was on mute. Our organic guidance is 8% to 10% and the guidance that we provided related to Wright Medical, you have to understand that it's being integrated into our Trauma Extremities businesses. So we will be combining in our legacy extremities business with Wright Medical and running that combined group as part of our Trauma Extremities division. So when you mix all that together and you really look at what will trauma and extremities growth be in 2021 as compared to 2019, we do think it will be low to bit single digits, but keep in mind that also takes into account sales to synergies for Wright Medical that we fully expect will happen in 2021.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, it's - Vijay, I would tell you that based on what happened this year and the variability that we saw in our operations, we fully expect to continue to experience some variability on into Q2. And so our guidance range really reflects how that ramp comes back. On the low-end, it could be all the way through Q2. On the better end, we start to see much more improvement towards the beginning in Q2. And really - it really is going to be variable depending on that. I mean, we have passed our legacy Stryker business on the op margin front with 30 to 50 basis points improvement. But keep in mind if you look at Q4 or if you can even go back and look at Q3, it really reflected pretty draconian expense control in terms of hiring, travel, meetings, consultants, you name it, discretionary expenses and we put the lid on that. So that's not sustainable, especially if you think about our aspirations to grow at the high end of med device, so we will start seeing that spending pick up as we continue to supplement and hire our sales forces, as we meet with customers, as we add to our prototypes and loaner pools, all those things will start to add to our expenses. So that's really what's underlying the guidance.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, Bob, again, I just can't reiterate the variability that we're seeing and so maybe that's sort of adding up the obvious set of numbers, if you will. I think we took the range 8% to 10% because we do feel like there is going to be some variability that we can't exactly forecast at this point in time and where we're sitting in Q1 and what we're seeing. As far as Wright Medical goes, we were pretty pleased with where their Q4 performance came out, but they are also subject to a lot of the same variability, which is why, we're looking that once we integrate it with trauma and extremities, we will have some sales, the synergies that just naturally occur. We felt that with K2 and Spine and we will fill that with Wright Medical. So taking into account that variability, you're really looking at 8% to 10% for the - for Stryker legacy and low to mid single digits as we look at the combined Wright and Trauma & Extremities.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Actually, I think you did a pretty good job of summarizing it. Wright will definitely come in and be accretive to our gross margin, as those products generally have a higher gross margin than sort of the average of our other business. I also think to - as you look at business mix that will normalize as the year goes forward and so we will also see kind of those higher margin orthopaedics products becoming a bigger share of the total. And I think, we will largely come back to sort of what our view is sort of normalized margins, as you look at 2019. Conversely though. Just as a reminder, moving down to op margin, you are going to see that discretionary spending pick up as we support growth. And so that will likely go the other way, and will be on a ramp largely as sales ramp throughout the year.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, I would tell you, we haven't seen any significant trend shifts heading - making that transition from fourth quarter into first quarter.
Preston Wells: Yes. Shagun, this is Preston. Just in terms of the timing of the deal itself, I mean, again, we are constantly looking at different opportunities and it was just the right time with the team to make this acquisition in terms of what we thought we were able to do with it. So, I think just the timing of it just happened to work out the way that it did. And we typically do look at our targets for a long period of time. In terms of other timelines about when we're going to be bringing some of the different things to market, at this point, we're not ready to disclose those timelines. Just know that the teams are getting to work, to develop pretty robust time - excuse me, robust pipeline around that sensor technology. And as we have more information, we'll certainly be bringing that to you guys.
Preston Wells: Robbie, it's Preston. I'll take that one. In terms of that patient backlog, certainly, we saw some of that being worked down in the third quarter as we saw the recovery starting to happen. And certainly then, we saw more deferrals happening in the fourth quarter. You saw more people being added back to that backlog. As Kevin and Glenn both articulated, as we see the recovery happening in 2021, we would expect to see some of that recovery include the backlog of patients that have been deferring now anywhere from three months to six months or so. And so we would expect to see some of that flowing back into the numbers through 2021. I think the one caveat I would give you is we won't necessarily see a dramatic spike in those numbers, just given certain aspects around capacity and things like that. So, you will still see surgeons and hospitals working to fit additional surgeries in and same things that we saw in the third quarter. But you certainly won't see a significant dramatic spike at any one point in time as a result of backlog.
Preston Wells: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. First of all, Neurovascular had a really terrific year. They had double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. They were obviously just like everybody else affected in the second quarter and into the third quarter, but double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, extremely exciting portfolio of products, new product introductions. Obviously with Aspiration, we have the Vecta 74 catheter out. We have the pump. They're doing very well. Then we have this flow diverting stent, the second-generation flow diverting stent approved in the United States, the Surpass Evolve. We have the first-generation flow diverting stent approved in China, our Atlas stent, which is used in hemorrhagic segment. Our adjunctive stent is doing extremely well in China. So, we really have a great portfolio. And we have the NXT, the next generation stent retriever as well recently launched. So, a lot of new launches. This management team is truly outstanding. They've been in place since, frankly, we acquired the business. They have a very healthy pipeline of other products coming as well. So, I'm very, very bullish on the Neurovascular business. We ended the year with great momentum, and I expect we'll continue to be a very strong performer in the years to come.
Preston Wells: Yes, I would say that the spine business held up a little bit better. We saw spine procedures in general holding up a little better than some of the other elective procedures, particularly for our spine business outside the United States performed well. And I think it's just a function of the successful integration that we've had with the K2M business and combining that with some of the enabling technologies like those that we acquired through Mobius. And again, we saw some continued performance in some of the markets outside the U.S. that had more stability in spine related procedures like Japan and Canada as well. So I think, all-in-all, it held up a little bit better. We definitely expect that business to continue to perform well, as we go into 2021 and really harnessing the power across K2M, our legacy spine business as well as the enabling technology.
Preston Wells: Yes. So I think Kevin outlined it pretty well before. I think overall, just looking at one quarter in the midst of a pandemic is tough to do because of the variability and really the localized impacts that we were seeing from a elective procedure standpoint. So certainly, you would expect that that hips, might be a little less deferrable than knees just given the nature of the disease and the degeneration. But at the same time, elective procedures depending on where you are in the world were being stopped and so hips were not immune to that, like some of our other elective procedures. As we look forward, certainly with the rollout of all of the installations to Mako that we've done this year, as well as our new hip software, we're really expecting continued above market growth from our hips and knees as we move forward.
