Brent Lang: Thanks Justin. In summary, I am pleased with the start that Q1 provides to 2019. I believe our success underscores both our leadership position in this large, growing market and the strategic importance customers are seeing in our products. I want to take this opportunity to formally introduce two new Board members who we announced a couple weeks ago in a press release. As of our Annual Stockholder Meeting on May 31, 2019, we plan to add Julie Iskow and Bharat Sundaram to our Board. These additions are of strategic value to our company because they bring important expertise and insight to our leadership group in the areas of cloud-based software, data analytics and AI as well as tremendous knowledge of the healthcare industry. Julie is the Chief Technology Officer of Medidata Solutions. With a long history of product development and cloud-based solutions, Julie's background will be a tremendous benefit to our solution roadmap and engineering team. Bharat is President of Performance Improvement Services at Vizient and his experience with advanced analytics and healthcare market insights will strengthen our operational perspective and business strategies. I am thrilled to be partnering with these two new Board members and believe they will add tremendous value to the company. These new members of our Board will replace John Grotting and Jeff Hillebrand who are stepping down after many years of service. I want to thank both gentlemen for providing strong leadership and valuable industry perspectives throughout their tenure as Board members. I look forward to collaborating with our entire Board as Vocera delivers healthcare innovation to a broadly underserved market and strives for long-term growth and accelerating profitability. Q1 gave us a strong and strategic start to 2019. With our differentiated solutions and a large market opportunity in front of us, we are excited to build upon this momentum. I am really proud that Vocera is the quadruple aim company. We look forward to making a difference to the hospital bottomline as well as to quality of care and staff resilience as we drive towards enabling the real-time health system. With that, we are ready to conclude our formal remarks. Thank you for listening today. Operator, we are ready to open up the line for questions. Thank you very much.
Brent Lang: Hi Ryan. Thanks for the question. There are a couple of things that we are doing. We did run a promotion in Q1 that gave people a bit of a discount on the purchase of their first five sample units. So they were able to get them in in-house and get them qualified. We have also been doing what we think is kind of a white-glow install treatment where we are really bear-hugging the customers, these initial customers as they are doing the deployment and installation to make sure that we are getting immediate feedback on what they like or anything that needs to be fixed or improved as they move forward. We are helping them with the software upgrade that has to be done in order to be able to use the new badge. So we are definitely putting effort and focus on it. I am really encouraged by size of the pipeline. It's growing faster than I expected and I think we are going to start the meaningful revenue coming from the Smartbadge, particularly in the second half of the year. And this is more just a traditional natural cycle of evolution. I think customers have to take time to evaluate the product. They have to evaluate the mix that they are likely going to see in their particular instance. Which users are going to use the B3000n and which users will use the new Smartbadge. And so that's just a natural evolution process. But we are definitely providing both financial incentives as well as support and services incentive to help them with that transition and evaluation.
Brent Lang: Yes. We are really excited about it. This is a deal that we have been working on for about 18 months. Actually, first we were reached out by Nordstrom. They initially heard about us from someone who used to work at one of our hospital customers. And when he joined their IT group and was looking at various communications solutions that might be able to be used in the retail environment, they heard about our solution and reached out to us. They actually have done a fair amount of work with us already. They did a pilot in two different stores in the back half of last year. And they have also done some work in one of their warehouses to evaluate these products. So they are very comfortable with the functionality and they got really positive reviews from the people in the stores. And that's what gave them the confidence to go ahead and move forward with this. We are displacing a competitive solution that they had used in the past that was not meeting their expectations. And so they were looking to improve upon that. Your estimate in terms of number of stores is right on. I think it's right in the mid-100 and teens level and the vast majority of those full-line stores will be getting a deployment, not necessarily to all employees initially, but over time we hope to grow that deployment. We are not able to share the exact number of badges or the dollar amount of the deal, but we were thrilled that Nordstrom was willing to allow us to issue a press release to at least dip the name out there and very appreciative of that. But we are somewhat limited in terms of what we can say about the size of the deal in terms of number badges or dollars.
Brent Lang: Yes. Hi Sean. The badge business performed relatively well. I think the area that was impacted the most as we had expected was the expansion of refresh. The supplies came in really quite well and we even had some new badge wins including, well, from a revenue standpoint, the Nordstrom deal has not started for revenue but that part of our business was okay as well. The badge business continued to be really healthy. I think we had expected when we launched the Smartbadge that several customers would pause and defer purchases of the original badge for refresh purposes or expansions until they had the opportunity to evaluate the Smartbadge. And that's exactly what has happened. So as we transition now to Q2, we expect some more of those decisions to be made. And so we will likely see our device revenue increase sequentially, both of the original badge as well as the beginnings of the ramp of revenue from the Smartbadge.
Brent Lang: And specifically as it relates to Smartbadge revenue in Q1, it was pretty minimal. Most of the shipments of the Smartbadge were just small quantities of evaluation units. So it didn't represent a significant amount of revenue in Q1.
Brent Lang: It's a great question. I don't think we have enough data points at this point to really know. The attach rate of Engage across our installed base is still relatively low. We are still working a lot of cross-sell opportunities and even a couple years into this. While that portion of our business has grown really nicely, we are still at very low penetration rates across the installed base. I think the Smartbadge will help accelerate that but there is more to embracing Engage than just the Smartbadge. I think in many cases, it represents really a fundamental shift in how workflows are created inside the hospital. And so that takes time as they define those processes and create policies around them. But I don't see a reason why over the long-term the majority of our hospital customers wouldn't go ahead and leverage that capability. So I think the attach rate over time is going to be quite high, but I don't think it's going to be necessarily upfront and I don't think it's going to be necessarily with the initial purchase.
Brent Lang: I think it's right on track. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the pipeline has grown faster than I originally anticipated. The timeframe for converting that to bookings and revenue is, I think, still consistent with where we thought it was going to be. In reality, it was pretty close to the end of the quarter when we first started making these initial shipments. So there still hasn't been a ton of time for them to be in the evaluation mode. But we have been really encouraged by the volume of the pipeline, the number of deals. And it's important to point out that the pipeline that gets generated from these Smartbadge evaluations have both a hardware component to it for the Smartbadge plus batteries and chargers, but it also has a software component and services component to it, because in many cases there will be drag along revenue associate with that. So we are tracking pipeline, both from pure hardware perspective as well from a total dollar value and very encouraged by what we have seen so far. Again, just to mention, our expectations and financial model remain pretty low for the first half of the year in terms of recognizing revenue from that. And it's part of what helps us drive the second half seasonality in the business.
Brent Lang: Yes. So revenue from international in the first quarter was right on par with where it has been over the last couple of years, just right around 10%. We continue to be encouraged by the activity that's going on there in building out the teams in the local markets. From a marketing perspective, we are starting to do more localized collateral, more localized marketing campaigns, some field marketing activity to drive pipeline. So it's in process. I don't think there has been any dramatic shift yet, but we are hopeful that that will continue to drive growth in the businesses as we move forward. International, because it's a small piece of our business, can be a little lumpier than the business overall. And so we monitor that on an extended timeframe. But I am pleased with the activity that we have had and I am pleased with the investment that we have made there both on the sales side and services as well as on the marketing side to drive demand there.
Brent Lang: Hi Dave. Thanks for the question. We really have not seen much of a change in our competitively win rate. It remains up in the 70% to 80% of the deals that we are involved in, we end up winning. Obviously, the Cerner CareAware product has been in the market for some time. It hasn't been a big impact on the market dynamics. And the Voalte, Hill-Rom transaction actually hasn't even closed yet. So that certainly hasn't had any impact yet on the marketplace. We think that the competitive activity here is actually good news. It's really validating a market that we have essentially created. And I think a validation that it's a large market that it's a growing market that it's a strategically important market. I still feel really comfortable with our competitive differentiation, both in terms of our technology, our clinical expertise, the breadth of our product offering, the device of choice aspect of our business as well as the one-stop shop aspect of being able to get the complete solution from a single vendor. So I encourage the competitive aspect of it. I think it's a good thing for the overall market. And so far, we continue to see very, very high win rates in the market and continue to be the clear market leader.
Brent Lang: Yes. Hi Dave. No significant changes in our sales force. We continue to have an incentive structure that we think is well aligned with where we are wanting to take the business strategically. We continue to invest in the strategic accounts part of our sales force and enhancing our capability there because that's where the market is continuing to evolve as more of the decision-making is taking place at the C-Suite. And we have also been making investments in international. But the overall size of our sales force continues to be relatively unchanged, a few additions here and there. What we have done in our broader sales organization and particularly in the international markets is we have added both to complement the salesperson, so clinical specialist, sales engineers, even support personnel in market in our international region to really bolster our ability to close deals and grow market share in those regions.
Brent Lang: Yes. We have a long-standing relationship with Hill-Rom from an integration standpoint. We integrate with their nurse call system as we integrate with all the leading nurse call systems in the market. I think it would be highly unlikely that they would disable that. I think there is a large number of customers in our installed base and their installed base to leverage that nurse call integration and it's a very sticky integration, something that their customers and our customers rely upon. We have always prided ourselves on being agnostic and sort of the Switzerland of this market in terms of being willing to connect to a variety of different clinical systems. We are leveraging pretty standard open APIs unless they try to design them out in the future version of the product would be continue to be accessible to us and I am fairly confident that we will be able to maintain that relationship. So we will see, I guess, in the future. But I think from a customer relationship standpoint, that would be not a smart move on their part to try the block that integration.
Brent Lang: Q - Matthew Gillmor Got it. And then following up on the Nordstrom deal. I appreciate you are not in a position to provide many details, but I was curious if you could just remind us for a general retail client, not Nordstrom, sort of what the unit economics are. A - Brent Lang On a store basis or a personnel basis or what --? Q - Matthew Gillmor I guess I was thinking on a user basis or a per device basis.
Brent Lang: Yes. The model works very similar to our healthcare business where we price the badges on a unit basis as well as the software licenses. And then Nordstrom has purchased maintenance contract in conjunction with the software and then there are some professional services work. The roll-out now, we are going to be deploying this across a majority of their stores. So we will begin with the shipment of the badges, one tranche of the badges and the software here in Q2. And then some of the professional, some of those deployments and go-lives will start to happen in Q2 and then progressing for the next several quarters. But the model is very similar to what we, the economic model is very similar to what we have on the healthcare side.
Brent Lang: Yes. Hi Mohan. So if you look at the total number of medical centers which are the big medical facilities that are in the DoD, by our estimate, about half of them are within the Army and about half of them are within the Navy and the Air Force. So it's essentially doubling the size of the market opportunity. We have had a little bit of success in the Navy in the past, but it was on an exception basis. What this ATO does is basically gives us the ability to sell into any of those Air Force and Navy facilities. It's gotten good visibility across the federal government budgeting process and decision making process. But it's always really hard to predict the timing of when something might happen on a broader basis. We are really encouraged by the ongoing conversation that we are having with those various branches of the DoD. And I think that our track record has been very positive. One of the things about the win at the Air Force Academy, which I think is particularly interesting, is that they are planning to do a study to measure some of the impacts at that facility similar to the work that was done with the Army facility in Colorado several years ago before the Army started rolling out to the rest of their facilities. And we think that that will be a great tool for us to then use as we go to additional Air Force facilities. So I can't really make a prediction of when this might happen but I would tell you that it's very encouraging conversations and our level of visibility and our level of comfort that we will continue to win that business increases every day.
Brent Lang: Yes. So the federal bookings in Q1 were a combination of some of the deals that had moved out of Q4 and then some deals that were new that had been forecasted for Q1 from a prior forecasting. I think we are feeling really good about the fed business. I don't want to put a forecast in for the full year, but I would tell you that we feel like there's increasing momentum there.
Brent Lang: Yes. Hi Vikram. Yes, we were really pleased with how the combined backlog and deferred revenue ended up in Q1. That's just a benchmark here. So we were up year-over-year. That's the more appropriate way to evaluate the backlog and deferred revenue. So it was really nice to see that in our actual product backlog, which is what converts to revenue the most quickly, was up nicely here in Q1 year-over-year as well as sequentially. As a result of the strength in our bookings from a sequential standpoint, meaning from Q4 to Q1, we saw the lowest decline that we have seen in a few years. So we were pleased to see that, meaning that on the revenue and the bookings that we generated in Q1, we were able to keep our backlog and deferred revenue at a solid level that sets us up with good visibility as we head into the second quarter. In terms of actual conversion, the thing that has changed over the last 12 to 18 months or so is with the adoption of the accounting standard 606, our software revenue recognition has been able to convert a bit more quickly, meaning we have been able to convert our software backlog and our deferred revenue in certain instances to revenue a bit more quickly than we could under the old standards. And so as a result, as we look into a quarter or a longer period of time and we touched on this a little bit on our last call when we issued our 2019 guidance, we are actually able to convert our backlog and deferred revenue a bit more quickly than we were two, three, four years ago under the old standard. So nothing's changed in the last quarter, but over the last year or so since we have been operating under ASC 606, that's a new paradigm for not just us but all companies that are perpetual, have a large component of their software that is perpetual.
Brent Lang: Hi Stephanie. Thanks for the question. So if you think about the ramp in the second half, there's really four components that I would point you to. The first was the one that you mentioned which is the ramp of the Smartbadge which will have an increase in both hardware and software revenue tied to it as we see that as driving some incremental growth. The second is the fed business which is always strongest in Q3 and typically will generate higher bookings and revenue in the back half of the year. The third element would be the Nordstrom revenue. And as Justin mentioned, the revenue from the Nordstrom's deployments will start in Q2 and then proceed through Q3 and in the back half of the year. So you will see some impact from that. And then the fourth component would be international where we typically see more strength in international in the back half of the year. And if we hit our plan, that will be a driver for the growth in the second half of the year.
Brent Lang: It's primarily timing, yes. They had been evaluating the previous version of the badge, the B3000n. They ran their pilots and trials using that and they budgeted for it based on the B3000n. So we were virtually at the finish line of that particular deal when we made the announcement of the Smartbadge. And they were perfectly comfortable moving forward. They like the sleek aspect of the previous B3000n badge. They are not doing a lot of text messaging or messaging alerts to the badge. They are doing some but not as extensive as some of the healthcare customers. So I think the B3000n is a great device for them and it met their budget criteria and was what they were very comfortable with based on the pilots that they had run.
Brent Lang: Thank you. I appreciate all of the questions and the participation today and we look forward to following up with you with more detailed questions and seeing you out on the road. Thanks for your time today.
Justin Spencer: Yes. There will be a little bit of a, first of all, Q1 is usually, we did have some bigger expenditures in Q1 particularly around HIMSS and this new Smartbadge. But we have purposely wanted to manage our expenses tightly so that we could invest in the areas that are going to drive growth. As we look forward to Q2 and in the second half, we do expect our operating expenses to be a little bit higher than they were in Q1, mostly because we continue to hire in the growth parts of our business, namely in R&D and sales and marketing. So there will likely be a little bit more operating or spending, I should say, overall in our business in Q2 and in Q3 and Q4. Not a huge amount, but certainly in all likelihood over and above what we saw in Q1.
Justin Spencer: Yes. And our gross margin and to a large extent our overall profitability because of the leverage that we have in our business that affects the gross margin and profitability, so large increases in revenue which we expect in Q2 sequentially. The top end of our guidance range is $45 million and so a $10 million increase will generate more leverage in the model both at the gross margin level and the profitability level. And that will inherently drive more, higher percentage gross margin and a higher percentage of profit. Additionally, the product components of our revenue, namely our device and software, we expect to even be stronger in Q2 than they were in Q1 and those inherently have higher margins as well. And so to the extent that we are successful at driving a solid product and revenue mix, that would be another important contributor for us to seeing not just our gross margin, but our operating margins will also improve.
Justin Spencer: Yes. Hi Stephanie. No, right as expected. We knew we had the difficult compare. Compared to Q1 last year with a large $2 million shipment and that happens from time to time with some very large customers and tying the software shipments there. So software and device for that matter kind of played out right as we expected and we built a nice healthy backlog on both device and software. So we feel comfortable with what we expect and assume in Q2 to roll-up to the guidance. And then Nordstrom is one of a few different deals that we think will help contribute to further ramp as we head into the back half of the year, as Brent described.
