Curt R. Hartman: Thank you, Chanel, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's second quarter 2012 earnings report. Joining me on the call is Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. In terms of the format for today's call, I will provide opening comments and then turn the call over to Katherine for an update on several key focus items. I will then cover the financials before opening the call up to your questions. Turning to our second quarter results, sales finished at $2.1 billion, up 3% as reported and 5% in constant currency, with the U.S. market increasing 7.7% while the international market was up 3.3%, excluding currency. Acquisitions contributed 2 percentage points to our top line, yielding 3% underlying business growth. Importantly, across all 3 of our key segments, Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotech and Spine, there were drivers of the sales gains. Specifically, U.S. Reconstructive delivered underlying growth of 7%, reflecting a 6% and 4% increase in hips and knees, respectively. While Trauma and Extremities advanced by 11%, absent the influence of acquisitions. Within MedSurg, instruments had another strong quarter with global constant currency growth of 11% and U.S. growth of 13%, underscoring the accelerating momentum from our fourth quarter 2011 launch of our System 7 platform. Finally, Stryker Sustainability Solutions posted a third quarter in a row of over 20% growth. Turning to Neurotech and Spine, solid growth across all the Neurotech segments, coupled with the Orthovita acquisition influence in Spine, helped to offset the continued downward pressure in the core Spine segment. Overall, we are pleased with the general performance across the numerous segments. However, as we have previously communicated, we did experience weaker results in certain geographies, particularly Europe, and to a lesser degree, Japan, as well as a decline in our U.S. medical results. With respect to the weakness we saw in Europe, it remains consistent with our expectations that we discussed earlier in the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe the outlook for our European business is aligned with current market realities. All told, collectively, the strength of our broad-based and geographically diverse revenue model was evident as we remain on track to deliver on our full year financial targets. Overall, our top line growth, combined with gross margin expansion and ongoing cost controls, translated into adjusted per share earnings of $0.98, up 9%. Encouragingly, our gross margin reflects a traction we are starting to see from our focus on global quality and operations. Recognizing these efforts are still in the early stages but nonetheless, underscore longer-term potential. And our increased focus on cash generation was also evident with Q2 cash from operations totaling $457 million, a marked improvement over Q1. With respect to the CEO search, the board continues its efforts, which as discussed previously, include reviewing both internal and external candidates. Although not possible to predict the exact timing, the board does anticipate a decision regarding a permanent CEO during 2012. As we look ahead to the second half of 2012, we are positioned to deliver on both our sales and EPS commitments, reflecting the collective benefit of a number of key new products across our various businesses. This, coupled with an ongoing focus on driving operating margin expansion through improved efficiency and cost controls, is expected to result in 10% or better per share earnings gains in 2012. With that, I'll turn the call over to Katherine.
Curt R. Hartman: Thanks for being on the call, Rich, and again, congratulations. But relative to Europe, we've had a number of ongoing organizational changes that we are working our way through the right changes and the right structure moves to address where we see the European market moving to. And it's been a bit of a moving target over the last couple of years for us and part of that is external environment focus. But we have to be intellectually honest. Part of that is our failure to execute and we're still a little bit playing catch-up to where the market is going and where we think we need to be. And that was my reference to being better at executing. So we have a number of things that we're looking at relative to distribution channels, relative to the way we're organized, relative to the way we get new products through the regulatory process in a faster fashion. And no single one of those is going to change our outlook, but it's combination of all of those that we have to stay on top of and execute. And I feel that we have the right things in place and we're moving quickly to do that. There's no quick solution here. We've been working on this for far too long, frankly, and we just got to pay more attention to it.
Curt R. Hartman: Sure. I think pointing to the earlier comments, Southern Europe, specifically, was very, very slow for us in the Reconstructive segment, hips and knees specifically. And I don't think that's unique to us. I think, perhaps, the way we were approaching the market and what we were doing with that organization as we were fairly inward-focused, we probably took our eye off the ball. And I think for us in the quarter, one of the surprises was Japan. We had a very tough year-over-year comparable, but I never want to use that as an excuse. We saw some -- pricing pressure hit in the second quarter in Japan, but we also saw some slowing in that market for us. That was probably the one that we didn't quite have our eye on, was Japan slowing. So Europe, again, it would be more Southern Europe. We saw good performance out of places like the U.K. But Southern Europe, we really had a shortcoming. And it gets back to my commentary about executing a lot better because I think certainly we lost market share in Southern Europe.
Curt R. Hartman: That'd be a pretty granular comment, but I would go back to our -- some conferences early in the quarter where both Katherine and I talked about seeing a softness in Europe. And I think that initially was driven more from a macro perspective and things we were hearing from people on the ground. And then I think you couple that up with some of our own internal shortcomings, we probably fell a little further than we originally anticipated.
Curt R. Hartman: I would say the macro factors were more volume as it relates to Southern Europe, specifically. The broad European community is certainly a publicly funded health care system, and there's a lot of overall funding pressure, in general, which has the potential to translate into further pricing pressure. But I think as we look at this quarter, it was more volume-driven as some of the Southern European markets really pulled back on procedure volumes, at least to the information that we had in hand.
Curt R. Hartman: Not everybody has reported, but at this point in time, I think I'd be hard-pressed to say we didn't lose share.
Curt R. Hartman: So 2 questions there, Kristen. We didn't want to get too far out in front of ourself given our lack of cash generation in the first quarter. And when we budget our uses of cash over the course of the year, we look at our dividend increase, we look at our other allocations that go into our annual plan. We, first and foremost, try to keep those in mind. We look at share repurchase as the combination of events: what is the market opportunity; what do we feel or how do we feel about our current cash generation in future periods; and what other potential applications do we have for cash. So again, in our priority, it's M&A first and then cash and -- repurchases and dividends. We came into the year with a dividend increase of 18%. We tend to look at our dividend on an annual cycle, so I doubt you would see any movement in our dividend rate during the course of the year, that tends to be an annual event. And we still have a very large open authorization on share repurchase, and it's just a matter of balancing all the different things that we're pursuing. The stock was pretty stable in the second quarter and really didn't fit in what I would call the window of what we saw as the right opportunity more than anything.
Curt R. Hartman: It's a great question and a fair question. I think going back to the beginning of the year, we said gross margins would in the year, finish right around that 68%, a little bit north. And I think we still feel very confident that in spite of some of these different movements -- tried to highlight all of the different things that moved in the quarter and the fact that no single one of them had more than 50 basis points of influence on gross margins. And I do think we get more stability in gross margins with each passing day under the global quality and ops organization as they get their arms further around all of the different pieces and continue to work on a consolidations of vendor management, the cost reduction activities, all of that plays into more stability in our gross margin outlook. And so nice to see the 68.2%. I think as we look to the future periods this year, we should be hovering right around that range and we'll see what other things may come up to move that one way or another, but we certainly have a lot of focus on it right now.
Curt R. Hartman: There were no changes in -- no material changes in any distribution path in Europe for Stryker during the quarter.
Curt R. Hartman: I think certainly in the short term in the second quarter, it may have had perhaps a little more influence on the medical side. Those are generally, Jason, very large purchases because of the cost point. On the Endoscopy side, I certainly could not tell that by the incoming order trend.
Curt R. Hartman: That's a really granular characterization, so I don't want to put too much weight on that. I think it's a combination of factors. It was partially driven by the implementation of IT systems that they were getting reimbursed for, based on implementation and effectivity. And they had some hard deadlines that I believe hit the first week in July. And those system implementations require the same people that work on big bed installs. So it was a matter of priorities. I think there was potentially some hesitation because of expected reimbursement that hospitals were supposed to get out of the Affordable Care Act, and if that went away, they may have to rethink some of their priorities and limit some of their investments. So it potentially has good news now that we're past that point. But I think we'd rather see that play out in the quarters ahead than make a proclamation that that's going to be what materially happens.
Curt R. Hartman: We had set out when we announced the transaction that in year 2, we intended to get to market level or above growth rates. We have had a very good new product cycle since day 1, and that was further supplemented in the second quarter with the nano coil that Katherine mentioned, as well as a few other products that are very beneficial to that organization. In addition, we just hit the 18-month mark of the integration, so a lot of the work is getting pretty long in the tube. And so all of those things line up to provide an opportunity for better performance. So as I look at the NV business in the second half of this year, all of that, plus other things that we're focused on potentially the approval of the stent retriever device, things of that nature, give me confidence that we can continue to grow at or above the market here.
Curt R. Hartman: I think -- you've got a lot of background noise. I think, in general -- can we ask you to put your phone on mute? So the question was relative to emerging market in Recon, what's our exposure. I think just very high level, if you look at the company, our percentage of revenue that's outside the U.S. is out of line with broader medtech. So number one, it implies that our international opportunity is larger than the majority of medtech, and certainly, as you cascade that through the various key growth drivers in the international markets like India, like China, we have a large opportunity there. We will be deliberate in our movements there. We will ensure that we have the right products and that we have the right structure to advance and get our share of that market. And it certainly is an area of focus for the company. It's -- it is one area of focus. There are many areas of focus. But certainly, emerging markets needs to play a bigger role in this company's future in the years ahead.
Curt R. Hartman: Sure. Great question. We're about 80% through the restructuring that we announced in late 2011. And as some of the original plans across our various businesses have been continued to be evaluated given where those businesses are, we're slowing some of those down. And as we look at some of the changes on a macro picture, there are other areas where we're increasing and doing more to reflect the new reality, so to speak. So we're about 80% through the restructurings that we had announced in terms of plans being actionable and moving forward. We certainly have not received the benefit to that extent in the P&L. So I think we're in pretty decent shape relative to the original restructurings we laid out. The other parts of our ability to address the med device tax were continued innovation, the accretion that we expect to receive in most of our deals beginning in year 2 and year 3, and we're now getting to year 2 and year 3 on most of those deals. I think we'll have one deal outstanding after the end of the third quarter, and that would be Concentric, which closed in October of last year. So we'll start to get most of our deals into the year 2, year 3 period, where they add more value to the earnings line. And ongoing focus on internal innovation and internal efficiency through things like the work of a global quality and ops group. We believe all of those still put us in a good position to achieve the goals that we said we were going to achieve in 2013.
Curt R. Hartman: Sure. I may not get into real specifics here, but if you think about the Stryker Endoscopy business, the 3-Chip Camera is the engine that pulls that train. And it not only has the ability to be sold as standalone camera system, but it's integral to the Endo suite concept, which is the bigger ticket item out of that business. So when that selling organization, that customer base are aware that there's new, substantially improved technology coming, that business slows down dramatically because number one, we don't want to sell our customers yesterday's technology, and we're in this for the long-haul. So we're patient with our customers and we'll wait to get that new technology out. And now that we have that out, and really started that late in the second quarter, we feel very good about how that will help reaccelerate that business, not only in terms of direct selling of the camera, but items that are related to the camera, broader Endo suite sales, light sources, the SDC3I solution for data management, all of those products that go around that should benefit from the introduction of that new camera.
Curt R. Hartman: I think we said the tax rate for the year, we thought would be 25% with a little bit of downward bias perhaps. You've got to keep in mind a lot of the different things that are not in that tax rate right now like the tax extenders. Every company is dealing with that, so that's an upward bias on the tax rate. And the company continues to execute on projects and programs that should lower the tax rate, so we're trying to neutralize some of those things. But I think we still see our tax rate being in the 25% with a little bit of downward bias.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes, it's the Memometal or MMI transaction that closed, and that's really focused on the extremities markets, specifically the podiatry market. They had a very nice product offering to add to acquisition and they had a host of other items in the pipeline. I would tell you that business is still relatively small and is probably not going to move the needle overall on Stryker, but it's certainly a key strategy of building our extremities markets. And we like the traction we have with that and how it's introduced to a new customer. They have been introducing some new products this year and we'll continue to put emphasis on innovation there because we think there's a lot we can do with the technology and in the hands of a much larger selling organization at Stryker. No specific product line introduction that I would point you to, but more of a Stryker focus on the extremities market.
Curt R. Hartman: I would definitely be looking at the 5% to 9%, and I would tell you that historically speaking, over time, the higher we can drive that 5%, the more leverage and space that we can get. We have a pretty good track record of doing that. And from an opportunity within the company and all the global quality and ops opportunity and even some of the back-office harmonization the company is trying to work its way through, that should increase our capabilities there, at least keep them sustained and allow us to make other investment decisions in other emerging areas. So I view this quarter as the 5% and 9%. And benefiting from some of the work that we've been focused on now for several quarters.
Curt R. Hartman: Well, certainly, you could argue that the sales price issue has been an ongoing issue now for many quarters, so you could call that kind of part of the norm, kind of the underlying. I would say in the quarter, the inventory charge was probably a little bit out of sorts given the recall information that Katherine talked about. Because when you pull products from the market, you're taking an inventory charge associated with that. So that one was probably not in the original plan but we were able to deal with that. So those are the type of things that are -- it'd be improper to call it a one-timer, but it's just the reality of running the business. And you have to be able to adjust and absorb those type of things. The GQO benefits, we expect to see those continue to materialize, but again, a lot of the GQO work is predicated on the right quality systems steps and those generally take investments before the benefit materializes. So they're not necessarily quite as smooth quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter. We'll tend to get some good news, make some more investments based on that good news, little bit period drags on, get some more good news. And that's the offense we're trying to run there.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes, we're absolutely comfortable with the outlook that calls for not less than double-digit earnings growth, both this year and into next year and until we state otherwise, probably future periods. The macroenvironment certainly continues to be very dynamic. I think everybody if we look back over various scripts from not only Stryker but other companies, we would have assumed that 2009, 2010, how much worse can Europe get, and here we are in 2012 and it continues to get worse. There hasn't been a headline -- or there's been more headlines in the last month about slowing GDP in places like China, where 2 years ago nobody thought China could slow down. So I think it's a very dynamic global market. And as long as we feel like we have the opportunity to continue to maneuver and deliver on that double-digit earnings, we're going to continue to make that claim. If that changes, you will hear it first from us because we want to be as in front of these things as we possibly can.
Curt R. Hartman: Matt, I think there are a couple of things. I would not want to send the message to anybody that there's not price pressure in ortho, because there is. I think one of the differences now versus, say, 2008, 2009 is companies have a much different innovation pipeline because, recall, we had a big issue across the industry with the DOJ investigations. Stryker, specifically, had a big issue from an R&D standpoint related to our quality remediation period. And I think our ability to get back on offense with innovation has helped drive price or at least to offset some of the bigger headwinds of price. So I think that's a change for us. I can't comment on our competitors and what they're doing. I just think our position might be slightly improving, though it's still a negative price environment because of some of the innovation and other solutions that we are offering as a company today versus 24, 36 months ago.
Curt R. Hartman: It's a great question. I wish I could definitively pin it down. I would tell you, we feel good about what the leadership team is doing. The proof will be when we deliver the results. We have taken a pretty harsh view of our expectations here and tried to set the bar really low to make sure we don't provide any negative surprises. And I would hope that by the end of this year, we've found stability and that we have found a way to get back on offense. Could it happen quicker? Absolutely, but I think we need to be conservative here because the reality is there's still a lot of macro issues in Europe that are going to change that environment. And we have to be prepared to address those while setting our business approach to meet that new reality.
Curt R. Hartman: I wouldn't want to make a political statement, but would certainly hope that folks in Washington, D.C. can find a way to resolve a number of the looming budget issues that are out there. And whether that happens pre- or post-election, we'd like to see some movement there to get a little more predictability and certainty into the market. We've not had a lot of feedback on sequestration and cuts related to investments in health care. In all candor, I think the 2% is somewhat in line with historical cuts, so it's not like it's 2% historically going to 5%, 6%, 8% or 10%. So I don't think we've seen a lot on that side. And then keep in mind, Derrick, a lot of our capital outside of beds is really what I would call essential operating capital. You don't do hip or nee surgery without a power tool. You don't do general surgery without a camera. They're not million-dollar investments. These are 5s and 10s of thousands of dollars, so they're very different category of capital.
Curt R. Hartman: I think in the core Spine market, we continue to struggle and some other large, established players continue to struggle. But clearly, there are some folks in the core Spine market who are growing their business. So it's a combination of a little bit tougher market and we need to do a little better job on the innovation side. I like where our leadership team is taking the business. I'm encouraging them to move quicker and faster, and we need to get back on a growth track with this franchise. And we have a long history of growth here and I think we have the wherewithal to get back on a growth track. Pricing in that segment was principally driven out of the core Spine business. So I think that kind of covers your question there, Larry.
Curt R. Hartman: So we do not have a total P&L hedge program in place. We hedged certain preestablished obligations and we do a net hedging program across the company on a monthly basis.
Curt R. Hartman: Jeff, we feel good about what's going on in our Hip and Knee business right now, and it's a combination of things that we've talked about. The innovation that the selling organization has in terms of hips, OtisMed on the Knee side, the DTC campaign, the organization is clearly back on offense. We've got a lot of items to talk to our customers about, and that all points in a very favorable direction. Now at the end of the day, the numbers are going to tell the story, and we've made some investments here in DTC. And to Katherine's earlier comments, we'll hope to see that materialize starting in the third quarter. But we're excited about the new product offering on the Hip side with Accolade II. The fact that the dual mobility solutions have now been out for a while, customers are getting comfortable with those. And we like the leadership team and we like what that organization is doing right now and it's great to see.
Curt R. Hartman: So second question first, I think we feel very good about our execution of the recall, and don't view it at this point as anything that will materially impact our selling organization's efficiency. As it relates to potential future liabilities, we have not booked any reserves for those and it would be inappropriate to do so under the accounting rules until something is presented. And we do appreciate the reference because it is a very conservative position we've taken, but under our quality systems, we view it as the right position to take out of a long-term respect for the market and our position in the market.
Curt R. Hartman: Okay. Thank you, Chanel. And in closing, we want to remind everyone of our Analyst Day, which will be held on September 5 and 6 at the Homer Stryker Center in Mahwah, New Jersey. Formal invitations and details are forthcoming. Finally, the conference call for our third quarter 2012 operating results will be held on October 17 of 2012. We thank everybody for your participation tonight, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Thanks, Rich, and by the way, congratulations. So we'll get you off the call quickly. If you look back to what we talked about in the second quarter, we did see some reprioritization of hospital capital spending and a lot of that was around some of the requirements associated with the Affordable Care Act, and I think we signaled that starting back in the May time frame. That, obviously, doesn't impact all capital purchases equally, if you look at some of the trends that we're seeing certainly in instruments and based on some of the early read for Endoscopy. Our full year assumptions right now do assume we get back to relatively flat, maybe up slightly medical growth on a global basis that would imply that Q2 kind of bottomed. And based on everything we're hearing from our customers, that seems a reasonable assumption. If you combine that with the expected acceleration in Endoscopy in the second half of the year, as well as the continued momentum in instruments and obviously, very strong growth for Stryker Sustainability Solutions, we're comfortable with that 5%-or-greater underlying growth for MedSurg in total.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. If you go back to the prepared comments, what we've said was as it relates to U.S. Hip and Knee pricing, the overall trend did improve again this quarter, with mix largely offsetting some price pressure. And that was probably a little bit stronger on the Hip side versus knees.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes. Thanks, Bob, it's Katherine. I think a couple of things. We've obviously gotten a lot closer to our customers and really making sure we're listening to what we're hearing, looking at some of the trends on some of the products and also some of the comments we get back in terms of where they're at in their reprioritization and some of the investments they've had to make. So when you total that all up and we adjust that against our forecasting, that's where we get to a comfort level. You can never take the risk of a capital slowdown off the table, but I think we're much better attuned to staying closer to our customer certainly since '08 and even more so since the first quarter.
Katherine A. Owen: Well, the pure price we talked about seeing modestly improving or continued improvement in that trend, so that's pure price, although just -- I would keep in mind, we're not talking hundreds of basis points here. The mix contribution has gotten more significant, and I would point to, particularly in our Hip side, some of the new products that we've talked about like ADM, MDM, and more recently, Accolade II.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, a few thoughts. Again, we've all got different year-over-year comps, and so that's going to obviously influence the growth rates. And I would point again to some of the comments we made on the call in terms of the utilization trends, appearing to be stable to modestly improving and moving towards more normalized rates that are likely in the low-to-mid single digits. So we feel pretty comfortable that we're building on the momentum, particularly on hips from a new product standpoint. And then knees, we'll wait and see how much impact the Get Around campaign has, but as we talked about, we're pretty happy with the initial read.
Katherine A. Owen: Again, it's a little bit difficult because everybody hasn't reported yet. I think based on where our U.S. numbers are, it's 6 and 4, and then our expectation that the total market's probably growing somewhere in the mid-single digits, we feel pretty comfortable about where we're trending. I would on the Hip side, again, point to ADM and MDM. And the most recent one, Accolade II, with some of the key product highlights that we're seeing there and then really leveraging the unique characteristics of the Triathlon Knee as it relates to the DTC campaign we discussed. So as we've said before, whether you're gaining a market -- or gaining or losing share in Recon, you really need to look at a few quarters of trends to get a full read, and we feel pretty comfortable with where our position is on that.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Glenn, I'm really saying it more from the standpoint if you look at global sales since we launched 5 years ago, it's about 30,000 units. About 20,000 of those are in the U.S. You take that relative to the size of our total Reconstructive business, it's just not financially material, either to the Recon business or certainly to total Stryker. And then yes, we've got some products that we're getting good momentum on like Accolade II. So there's obviously options, not modular, but other options available. So it's really just from the standpoint of how much the overall revenue contribution had been.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, and I think it's fair to point out, particularly from the patient perspective, the issues with the modular recall are really around fretting and corrosion and they're different from the metal-on-metal. So I would hate to put the 2 in the same category. I don't think we can speak to the total revenue because there's other players in this market where we don't have granularity around their numbers. Clearly, for us, it's nowhere near that percent of revenue for our business.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Jeff, I don't think it would be appropriate for us to comment on a whole class. All we can speak to is what we've seen. The rates are very low at 0.5%. But as we mentioned, under our quality system, we thought it was reasonable to have a voluntary recall. We're still evaluating what the factors are around the adverse local tissue reaction. It would be premature at this stage to say we've figured out all the variables with any specificity, so we'll continue to work with leaders in the medical community and track it. But I certainly want -- wouldn't want to make a comment anything beyond what we're seeing here at Stryker.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, I would point to our prior comments. Obviously, BD isn't linear. We commented before that we had a pretty hefty pace and we wanted to make sure we were integrating and executing on those to maximize the returns of those deals. Obviously, though, with our balance sheet and size of our organization, we are able and capable to do additional acquisition. Timing is always difficult to predict, so we remain busy on that front, evaluating and looking at different options. Whether or not that translates into executing on the deal, really isn't possible or, obviously, appropriate to predict right now.
Katherine A. Owen: We did launch it during the second quarter. As we mentioned, we saw more of a mix benefit in our hips business offsetting the pricing pressure, and that would be one -- just one of the components.
