Curt R. Hartman: Matt, I think I'd answer that first by taking a macro look. When we set out our guidance on gross margins for the full year, it was based on the budgeted growth rates that we had assumed for all of our businesses. And clearly, when you look at our full year results on the implant side of our business, whether its hips, knees or spinal implants, those arguably carry much higher gross margins than the core MedSurg offering. So as the year unfolded and frankly the mix of business, the growing -- higher growth segments were more in MedSurg and in some of the geographies that Steve called out in his opening comments, be it emerging markets, which arguably has lower gross margins as well, that ultimately is going to play a big factor in driving the end reported gross margins. And clearly, if you take that down to the fourth quarter, you see a similar type scenario where MedSurg in an absolute basis was a big driver of growth. And while we don't provide the geographic breakout for everybody to see, I can tell you that our emerging markets business with lower grow margins also was a big driver of growth in the quarter. So as we look at 2012, we start kind of in the same fashion. We have business models for growth on our hips and knees or spinal business just like we do in all of our segments, and we base our assumptions on those original plans. And as the year unfolds, we're hopeful that they stay on track. But we also want to be cautious knowing that it's really difficult to predict a forecasted recovery in the Reconstructive market at this time for all the factors that everybody's pretty well aware of at this point in time.
Curt R. Hartman: Mike, I have 2 responses to that. Number one, it's 5% plus. Number 2, I think we'd be foolish to not consider the potential for a capital slowdown, whether it's in the U.S. market or whether it's in some of the international, specifically European markets. Clearly, our penetration there is much lower than in the U.S. But given our footprint in the U.S. market, what's going on in the last couple of years, I think we do have to be very sensitive to the economic uncertainty that to me is still very much present in our environment.
Curt R. Hartman: I'll start with the second one first, Bob. Right now we do have an outstanding share repurchase authorization that could take us up to about $700 million. Our current guidance assumes no influence from buybacks. And again, you don't do buybacks just as a matter of routine and you can see that through the last couple of years that we've been fairly judicious and when we executed on the open buyback authorization. So right now our guidance does not assume any influence from buybacks. Second, I probably not going to give any real specific numbers here on operating margin leverage. But I think when you look at the totality of what we put in to our guidance, number one, we have a good range on the revenue side and I think it really reflects some of the steps we've taken the last couple of years to strengthen the core businesses as well as add things like Sustainability Solutions and Neurovascular. With that, those -- as everybody on the call well knows, they bring intangible amortization. And with increasing sales year-over-year, there's very implied leverage on that. There's also, when you do acquisitions, there's acquisition charges that you call out, and then there are other just inherent charges or expenses that the company takes as you try to put these businesses into the mainstream of your broader organization. And as we get further downstream from these acquisitions, those expenses should be dropping off. So there's leverage that we start to see and start -- comes to the benefit of the company. So I just -- I still remain confident that there's leverage in our overall operations on a global basis, and that gives me confidence in our outlook.
Curt R. Hartman: Our pricing outlook is consistent really with what we've seen over the last 2 years, arguably understanding that the Japan price cuts are on the horizon. However, those are factored into our outlook as well. Now we're not 100% certain exactly what those rates are going to be. We have some best estimates. So to the extent that they are materially worse than what we've planned, we'll have to find a way to absorb those through other parts of the business. But right now, last 2 years, price has been down 1.7%, 1.8% and our outlook calls for a continued trend in that direction.
Curt R. Hartman: Those are very appropriate questions, Kristen. On the restructuring that we announced, which just going back to Steve's earlier comment, a lot of that was directed towards continuing to evolve the business be it through the acquisition side or through the internal restructurings that we announced in the fourth quarter. And as you can see from our press release, we took about $76 million of actual charges in the quarter against that restructuring, which the original plan called for around $150 million to $175 million. So we've taken about half of it. The rest of it will flow through throughout the course of 2012. And the benefits, as we said at the outset, would principally accrue as we hit 2013, and that remains the way we're rolling this program out. As far -- and I want to make sure that we talk about the efforts on global manufacturing. Some of the restructuring does involve some of the global manufacturing work. However, I would say in general on global manufacturing, people ask, "What inning are you in?" And I would tell you, we're still in the batters box. We've got the team lined up. They fundamentally all work for Lonny now starting January 1. We've got a lot of programs lined up. But as everybody knows, when you start getting into global manufacturing, you've got lots of constituents that you have to satisfy from a regulatory standpoint. And given our recent history on the quality journey, we're not going to move so quick that we stub our toe and get back in the penalty box on the quality standpoint with any regulatory body around the world. So it's probably a little premature to talk about benefits from anything that comes out of our global manufacturing network. Though I would tell you, part of our plan does assume a slightly better cost reduction drive out of our manufacturing network in 2012 than what the company has historically seen, and I'm confident saying that, and that with the efforts that we have right now, we should achieve that.
Curt R. Hartman: I think what we're trying to discuss there when we announced the deal back in 2010, 2011 was about stability, new product launches, folding as much of the organization into Stryker as we could and I think we've been successful in all fronts. We've had a very successful global launch of the new coil. Obviously, when we enter 2011, we didn't anticipate the Concentric acquisition, but it clearly became apparent to us that there was a great opportunity here and we're excited to have that onboard. And so as we hit 2012, our goal is to be back at market growth rates. So you should assume that, that means day one of 2012 we're back at market growth rates. Getting into the specifics of how you define the market, there's obviously been a lot of new technologies that have come into that market, that have slowed some segments down and increased growth in other segments. So it's a blended number, and as Katherine said, it's kind of in the high-single digits that we're looking at as the number we have to achieve or beat to call ourselves successful this year.
Curt R. Hartman: Well, I think it's one strategy, Adam. I don't think it's our strategy. We've laid out that our strategy for the balance sheet is really 3 avenues. First and foremost, we're all in it for the long term, and that implies that we want to go out and do acquisitions of platforms that provide long-term growth. And that's, I think, arguably what people would say if they look back over the last 3 years that we've done as a first priority. With that said, we do recognize the strength of our balance sheet and the ability of our organization to generate a lot of cash. And that gives us the flexibility to be opportunistic as it relates to share buybacks, which I think we've also demonstrated over the last couple of years. And then also at the same time, we've tried to embark on a more consistent approach to the dividend yield and trying to move the dividend to where it's a more meaningful contribution for shareholder return. We have not yet identified an exact percentage of cash that we're going to put into these efforts, and I'm hesitant to do that in the near term because I think we're still evolving the company's use of its balance sheet. But right now, I will tell you we're not going to run out and do a great, big massive share buyback. That's just not our stated strategy. Not saying it's a bad strategy. It's not just ours.
Curt R. Hartman: Yes -- no, it's a fair question, David. The R&D guidance for next year is that in absolute dollars, it will be bigger than this year. As a percentage of sales, it will probably be a little bit below where we finished this year. And my reference to 8% to 10% is that given our decision to terminate anything related to the OA program or our Biotech business, the decision was made to reallocate those dollars into the core of the business and on an apples-to-apples basis, it implies an 8% to 10% increase for the broad business R&D increase. You will not see an 8% to 10% increase in our reported numbers.
Curt R. Hartman: It's a great question. And clearly, when you look at MedSurg, when you look at expansion in emerging markets and everybody's talking about that, those businesses are on the lower side of our company gross margin. And we're okay with that. We know how to operate lower gross margin businesses and still generate a lot of profit and a lot of cash. So that movement does not concern us and does not inhibit our thoughts that we can still generate double-digit earnings growth. And so longer term and especially when you consider all the things that are evolving in healthcare on a global basis, you may be looking at healthcare that has a lower overall gross margin. And I think what I would tell you and others may tell you is we're comfortable with that trend. That said, all of our efforts from a global manufacturing standpoint, a plant network simplification standpoint, a vendor simplification standpoint, a harmonization of quality systems, are all geared at driving higher gross margins across the business. So we're not afraid of it going in one direction, but we're also lining up a number of initiatives today, tomorrow, next 5 or 10 years, that are geared at driving higher gross margins.
Curt R. Hartman: No. I don't want anybody to think that at all. I think our simplification of the plant network is very much in front of us. And as I said, we're just getting started with those efforts. They are long-term efforts. They are complicated efforts. I'd noted 7 facilities. Keep in mind, the Neurovascular acquisition brings 3 facilities, none of which have yet transferred to Stryker. So we have 3 more facilities coming into our network. So the thought about simplifying the business plant network, while at the same time absorbing 3 new facilities, still sits in the very near-term horizon, nevermind the long-term opportunity to consolidate core competencies into different manufacturing campuses and simplify the business. So there is a journey there and it's a long journey. And frankly, when I look at it, I get excited because I can see what the potential is and I can see how it can benefit the company over the long term. But again, we're going to move cautiously because any time you move a product, you open up a whole can of quality potential issues. And we are going to do everything we can to avoid that.
Curt R. Hartman: And I think just to pile on that and to kind of emphasize a long-term view here, in 2008, our adjusted gross margins were 68.3%. This year, we finished at 67.9%, 40 basis points lower. If I would have told everybody that in 2008 they'd only be down 40 basis points in 3 years, I think everybody would have doubted me. And then the other factor is SG&A in 2008 was 39.1% of sales. This year, adjusted SG&A will finish at 37.1%, so 200 basis point improvement. So I call those out because I want to underscore our commitment to the longer-term outlook, and I'm not tracking this quarter-over-quarter because none of these projects are quarter-over-quarter. They're long-term projects that we commit our organization to, our resources, our people, and it gives me great confidence that we'll achieve the leverage we need to get to make the earnings hang together.
Curt R. Hartman: We expect to be able to deliver double digit or greater growth in 2013 inclusive of absorbing the med device tax. So if you do a fast-forward math on that, it implies we have to grow earnings about 17% give or take depending on how the med device tax spills out and what our U.S. sales are.
Curt R. Hartman: Jason on System 7, that's a Stryker instrument's product, and the last new power tool, the previous generation was introduced in 2006. So the answer is yes, they have long cycles, number one. Number two, I would not read into the fourth quarter for instruments as benefiting substantially from the System 7 introduction. It was a limited introduction. We more fully launched it at their National Sales Meeting in January, and we'll show it broadly to customers at AAOS. So I think what you're just seeing there is a good performance overall by the instrument segment on a global basis. On the endoscopy side, it's very much a similar approach. The cycle is a little bit shorter. Cameras -- the last camera we introduced was January of '09. You could argue that our timing was not great, but those cycles are little bit quicker than on the power tool side. And there is a natural uptick because the technology makes the procedure more efficient to staff, more efficient, and obviously, we're putting both incremental and real innovation into those products to drive customer and patient benefit.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Matt. I think in 2012, I would expect we'll be certainly back to market growth with especially the shape fitting guides really catching traction now. I mean they took up a while to get launched, ramping up certainly month-over-month in the fourth quarter. And I think we feel very good that we'll be at least back at market growth for knees in the year. And frankly, in hips, we hope to be above market growth.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Kim. We typically don't want to get too much into orders. But suffice it to say, the business ended the year with some very good momentum. And certainly, the medical business, we do have more visibility than probably any other business that we have and feel very good about the outlook coming off a great year, still feel very good about the outlook here for 2012.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. The factors that would drive upside would be a re-acceleration of the orthopedic implant market, and we'd say both certainly Recon as well as Spine, or our ability to start to maybe take a little more market share in those markets. So I think those would be a clear one. I think the other piece is, to pick up on Curt's comments answering the previous question, if the capital spending is fine in hospitals, we are coming into a very nice product cycle at MedSurg. And so I think there's some upside there. Again, given the last few years where every year plays out a little differently, we wanted to be appropriately cautious coming into the year, but I think feel pretty good. And then businesses like Sustainability Solutions have some real momentum, but they're still very small in the grand scheme.
Stephen P. MacMillan: As everything we do is probably multifactorial, David, but let's try to prioritize it. First off, I would say it underscores our longer-term look at where the markets are going, and particularly trying to recognize that we are staring at a huge tax coming in, in 2013 and we weren't going to just duck that. So in so doing, looking at what can we be thinking about in some [indiscernible] efforts, combined frankly with some of the acquisitions that we'd done in certainly the 2010 time frame and relooking at some of the facilities that we picked up there, as well as some of the fundamentals in both Europe and even, say, our orthopedics division in the United States with some slowdowns, frankly just trying to be realistic and say what can we do to be planning for the future. So I would say that is much more a 2013 and beyond play and so that we can power through for years ahead with double-digit earnings growth. And we are very focused on that and think that, that will be increasingly a differentiator, particularly as people start to look from 2012 to 2013.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Bob, if I could just pile on there. If you think about the earnings power that we generated both in the fourth quarter but even for the full year on what is probably some slightly lower gross margins, then people would have expected at the start of the year the earnings power is there through the P&L.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Adam, we like where we are in terms of leverage. We sleep really well at night with conservatism. And frankly, go back to the summer of '08 where we were criticized quite highly I think for having so much cash on our balance sheet. And that cash came in real handy during the downturn. We've been able to scoop up a lot of assets, $2.5 billion plus of acquisitions over the last 25-ish months and still have a net position. So I think we like it. We don't feel a need to be over levered as it is. It could be more efficient, but we like where we are.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Also, Raj, we love our diverse footprint, probably liking our cash and leverage position, feeling really good that the percentage of business that's associated that way.
Stephen P. MacMillan: And to pile of there, Vivian. I think at the end of the day, what you should be taking away certainly from Curt's comments is we see significant cost improvement abilities over probably the next decade. We're probably still in the early -- the very early stages of cost savings opportunities. Where that plays out in gross margin based on business mix, pricing, everything else, who knows exactly. But I think there's also a tremendous confidence that we have, that frankly, whether gross margins improve by 10, 30, 50 basis points in a year or decline by that same amount, we're actually in great shape to be able to deliver on the operating line. So again, we think it's going to modestly improve next year as we've said, very modestly, but we're prepared and can deliver in different scenarios.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Very much so, Vivian. And again, let's take some specific examples. As we -- I think the hidden part and the hidden magic of a lot of the acquisition work we've done over the last few years of product tuck-ins have been we're putting more volume through our existing sales channels. So the Gaymar acquisition now gives our same medical sales force the ability to sell surfaces in addition to frames. Orthovita drops in and we have existing selling organizations that are now able to sell that in addition to hardware. So a lot of what we're doing on the acquisition fronts are giving our salespeople more to put through the same amount of people. And there is a hidden leverage there that will be coming, and again, frankly, because a lot of these are just recent, that will be coming in the years ahead as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: But Joanne, that will come from a combination of cost of goods, SG&A, maybe a little bit tax rate, just kind of everything. The restructuring that we announced, so it will be in various buckets on the P&L.
Stephen P. MacMillan: You heard us correctly that we expect share gains in hips, not necessarily linked to new products. It's the growth of MDM really particularly getting, and I think we gained share here in 2011 and it will be a continuation. Hopefully, we'll have some things. We probably got Accolade coming later in the year as well, but I think it's the ramp from MDM right now.
Stephen P. MacMillan: That really is shape fitting, the growth of shape fitting coming on. But we're not expecting to necessarily be taking share, but at least be at market.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We're assuming continued softness in Europe. I think the positive for us is, frankly, on both our Recon and our MedSurg businesses, we're significantly below our standard market shares in Europe. So that even if it slows down, we still have share gain opportunities, frankly, among our implant businesses and our MedSurg businesses. So we don't see it having a material impact even if Europe slows further.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Europe, we're certainly not anticipating an increase, and again, our MedSurg businesses are underdeveloped there. So we see opportunity even in a lower CapEx environment. I think in the U.S., we're assuming things are reasonably fine, but again being cautious in our outlook as we start the year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We've got a shoulder now, and obviously, the extremities piece we'll continue to refine and expand that offering over time.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, we really -- VITA's line has been a tremendous addition. Certainly, some opportunities to restart CORTOSS, and Vitagel is a nice little gem in that bag as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Great. Well, thank you. We certainly appreciate your time today, and hopefully, you feel good about where we're headed here in 2012. We certainly do. And the conference call for our first quarter 2012 operating results will be held on April 17 of this year. So we'll talk to you in a few months time, but we'll see a lot of you at The Academy in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Katherine A. Owen: I'll make a couple of comments. I think we still, as was the case at the time of the acquisition, given the relatively low penetration rate still for reprocessing coupled with the obvious economic and environmental benefits, we think a double-digit growth rate is reasonable for this market. As you probably know, Ascent, now Sustainability Solutions, is by far the market leader in that segment. And we really have a great new leadership team in there, and they're focused on driving penetration in existing accounts where they already have a presence but perhaps not in the entire hospital, while also going in and converting hospitals that have not yet adopted reprocessing. And as they continue to expand their product offering and they have roughly 2x the number of 510(k) clearances as their nearest competitor, the economic argument only gets more compelling as you continue to lay more of those clearances into the business, and that's going to be their focus going forward.
Katherine A. Owen: We highlighted a couple of them on the call as it relates to the next-generation power tool. And similar to prior years, we'll have a smattering of new products mostly, as you know, tend to be singles and doubles as you think about the company in totality with respect to revenue contribution. So we'll have booth tours where folks can come around and see the products. But beyond that, probably wait for The Academy to really walk through in detail.
Katherine A. Owen: I think what we've learned is trying to predict when you see a re-acceleration of these patients is extremely hard to predict. We haven't seen this magnitude of a slowdown in elective procedures in past economic recessions to use as a reference point. I would go back to our initial comments; it's clearly a function of unemployment rates. They need to come down. What the magic number is, we don't know. But at some point, as those unemployment rates come down, there is a lag effect where people either get healthcare coverage with their new job or they're comfortable taking the time off. And then there's the natural disease progression, which underscores our conviction that you just simply can't defer it permanently. But in order to make sure that we delivered on our top and bottom line targets for the year, we're going to go with the assumption that there's no change from 2011 rates and that they may remain fairly consistent with those levels.
Katherine A. Owen: Yes, Recon we said it's going to be up to 3% growth in terms of the assumptions behind the 2% to 5% growth x acquisitions and currency. And then MedSurg and the Neurotech segment, 5% or better.
Katherine A. Owen: I would just recognize that as a percent of our total business and even as a percent of our Recon when you look at the shoulders and that extremity segment, it's really not that material at this point.
