Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker’s fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker’s CFO; and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today’s call, I’ll provide opening comments, followed by Katherine, with an update on Mako and our recently completed acquisition of K2M. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A. 2018 was a stellar year for Stryker. Following tough comparisons from a successful 2017, we delivered impressive organic sales growth and leveraged adjusted earnings gains. Our talented team has launched new products, drove sales and marketing execution and benefited from prior acquisitions that are broadened our portfolios. We delivered organic sales growth of 8.6% in Q4 and grew full year organic sales by nearly 8%. Importantly, this performance reflected broad-based strength across divisions and regions. MedSurg had an excellent Q4, up 10% organically as a three large divisions Endoscopy, Instruments, and Medical grow between 9% and 12%. MedSurg results reflect strong commercial excellence, ability to steadily launch new products and successfully integrate acquisitions. For example, the Physio-Control business within Medical grew double digits in 2018. In 2019, MedSurg will have a similar flow of new products and endoscopy will launch its next-generation camera the 1688 at the end of the first quarter. Neurotechnology and Spine increased over 8% organically as Neurovascular CMS and Interventional Spine all registered double-digit organic growth. We're excited about the acquisition of K2M, which meaningfully enhances our competitive position in the spine market. Orthopaedics posted solid Q4 organic growth of 7% led by Trauma and Extremities, knees increasing momentum in hips and excellent Mako growth which Kathy will detail shortly. U.S. Trauma and Extremities achieved major milestone crossing $1 billion in sales for the first time in 2018, resulting from a multi-year period of terrific growth. Geographically, our Q4 growth was balanced as the U.S. was up 8% organically, while international delivered double-digit gains powered by emerging markets and Europe. On a full year basis, emerging markets grew double-digits and Europe once again grew high-single digits. When combined with strong performances in South Pacific, Japan and Canada full year international organic growth was higher than U.S. growth. Our focus on leveraging the strong top line was evident in Q4 as operating margin increased 30 basis points year-over-year despite significant deal dilution including K2M. Meanwhile, we continue to make meaningful investments in our sales forces and R&D to help ensure we maintain our revenue growth going forward. Our teams remain highly focused on executing our cost transformation for growth program, which combined with our top line performance allowed us to deliver EPS at the high-end of our targeted range at $2.18 a share, up 11% year-over-year. Turning to 2019, organic sales growth is expected to be in the range of 6.5% to 7.5%, representing the highest initial revenue growth guide for Stryker in a decade. Of note, we exited 2018 with a healthy order book for our capital businesses and have a similar mix of headwinds and tailwinds as we had entering last year. While 2019 will largely be an integration year as it relates to K2M, the team is off to an impressive start with notable excitement across our combined selling organizations. And despite sizable dilutive dilution, we fully expect to achieve our target of 30 to 50 basis points of annual operating margin expansion. With sales growth once again expected to be at the high end of MedTech and ongoing margin expansion, we are targeting full year adjusted EPS of $8 to $8.20 a share, a year-over-year increase of 10% to 12%. In closing, I want to thank our sales, marketing, R&D and support teams around the world for their efforts and results in 2018, enabling us to deliver on our commitment to stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. As you've seen over the past six years, we've consistently outperform the market somewhere between 200, 250 basis points. And that's been an every-year thing. This year we exited the-year feeling very, very bullish about doing the same again next year. But markets in MedTech have moved up a little bit over each of the last few years. So I would say the market outlook is healthy. Our order book is a good sign of that, the fact that our capital order book is very good. Look at something like beds and stretchers with double-digit growth and really without any significant new products. There're a couple of minor products, but nothing major. That's really our great execution and I would say fairly healthy markets. What's really different about 2018 is the performance that we had outside the United States, which you saw – we actually grew faster organically than we did inside the U.S. And we had very good U.S. performance. So this has been a multi-year effort to really improve our globalization. Europe, as you know, has been a star for us the last two years, but in addition to that we really stepped it up in Japan and emerging markets, pretty much across the board at terrific performance. So I'm really excited about the ability to sustain this performance outside the U.S. which then complements what we already know is a very, very strong offence inside the U.S.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah, Bob, I'd just add that, we expect that Mako will continue to grow and we’re still in the early stages, not even two years since our full launch. And we also expect cementless to continue to grow. To exit the year over 30% is something that we feel very good about. And frankly, when a competitive surgeon switches, they're changing their implant to learning Mako, a lot of times the initially switch was cemented knees. And once they gain confidence and comfort with Mako, they will then move to cementless. So cementless still has significant runway and surgeons are really, really pleased with the results they're seeing with their patients. And that's what's causing the extra uptick. So we believe 2019 will be another year of strong above-market performances in knees.
Kevin Lobo: Thanks, David. I would tell you that we've got strong momentum across our businesses. I would expect similar performances out of Orthopaedics, similar performance out of Medical, Endoscopy should move up a little bit given the 1618 launch, but then you've got some really tough comps in some of the Neurotechnology businesses, which I still think will grow very robustly. But perhaps moderate just a year. But overall there is strength everywhere. Really the one business that hasn’t been underperforming as well for us in the past has been spine. Now with K2M acquisition I think that story changes dramatically, starting in 2020. In 2019, we don't report K2M within our organic sales, but what we will provide each quarter our pro forma results. So you can see what the combined business is doing. We expect mid-single-digit performance on a pro forma basis. And then, obviously, in 2020 that will then roll into organic. So we're really excited with the speed of that integration and being able to post these numbers with the spine business that's been essentially flat for the past five years is pretty remarkable.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. And then, David, on your question on MedSurg, we we've been bouncing that story probably for the last two years as we've pushed forward with a lot of the CTG initiatives. So I do expect robust growth out of MedSurg. The minus there is lower gross margins. But frankly in the operating expense side of MedSurg they perform on a lower level of burden than the orthopedic businesses do. So, overall I think based on what we're forecasting I think we balanced, so that we can deliver the 30 to 50 basis points that we're promising.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. Just before you move to spine on that, I’ll just add that we only have small number placements in China and Japan. I think, they're going to be very big markets in the future, but given the regulatory timeline we still don't have approval for the needs. We have approval for hips, which of course are big markets and we've just started to sell there. We also built a training center in Hong Kong that will be used to train surgeons in Asia-Pacific region on Mako. So we're very bullish about the continued growth. I think 2019 may not be a great year in those two markets, certainly at the rest of the world, Latin America, Europe will continue to be good. But I think starting in 2020 you could expect to see a pretty significant uptake in Mako in China and Japan.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. Maybe, I'll take this one. The real primary impact of that sales line, I mean, obviously, relates to the robust installs of our Mako robot, but there were also impacts related to the mix of sales that’s in that line. So we saw a higher percentage of kind of recognizable capital revenue that hit that line. And that was combined with positive price, increased maintenance and also sort of lesser erosion from bone cement. And all that kind of added up to what you're seeing there.
Kevin Lobo: Well, as you know the nature of M&A is inherently unpredictable. It is our number one source and planned to use of cash. That's not change. In six years, I would expect us to continue to be acquisitive. As it relates to dilution, once we see an asset that we think will be really value creating for Stryker, we're going to want to do that deal. And then we'll look at the related dilution and figure out whether we can offset it or not. As you've seen we are very committed to operating margin expansion. We've been able to offset NOVADAQ, Entellus, K2M deal after detail that are high-growth deals that have dilution, we've been able to offset. In the hypothetical sense, if we saw one that was really a fantastic asset and it caused us to be lower in the range, well then we would then communicate that. I wouldn’t say it will be off the table, but that doesn't take away from the efforts we're going to make to continue to drive margin in our core underlying business.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. So our U.S. Trauma and Extremities grew 7% and keep in mind that we had a double-digit growth comparable in the prior year. So, I would tell you that the supply problems are largely behind us. The issues that occurred in the third quarter are not completely resolved but largely behind us. And that really helped us be able to get back to the kind of growth we were more accustomed to in Trauma and Extremities. Our shoulder business really picked up quite nicely. It's the foot and ankle area that had been growing in the 30% range for the first few years when we really built out that business. That's starting to come down to earth a little bit more in line with the market. But I would tell you that Extremities still continues to be one of the most attractive areas within orthopedics and we plan to launch a short-stem shoulder in 2019 and that will continue to drive momentum in an already good performing shoulder business, keeping in mind that we still have relatively low market share in shoulder but very pleased with the performance overall with Trauma and Extremities and expect another strong year in 2019.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah, so the average in med tech is roughly 12%. And you some companies like Becton Dickinson that's higher than 12% given the product portfolio they have in companies like us that are below that average. The challenge that we have is we continue to acquire companies that are largely U.S. based whether it's a K2M, whether it's an Invuity, whether it's an Entellus. A lot of them, the great new technology companies, the NOVADAQ, they tend to be in the United States. And so then that over weights our U.S. business. I would expect the emerging markets to continue to be, let's call it, strong double-digit growers every single year. And so, as long as it does that over time, it'll tick on a higher percentage of our business as long as those acquisitions also start to grow in the emerging markets. So getting to the double digits would be great, but the reality is, as long as we're growing in strong double digits and those businesses are gaining scale and size, that's really more important to me than a magical number that we get to by having the U.S. lower its growth. And we're growing close to 8% in the U.S. I don't want that to slow down. That's one way emerging markets percentage can rise as if we slow down in the U.S. and that's obviously not in our plans. But if we continue to have robust double-digit growth in emerging markets, overtime that 6% will move up and it should be for a company like ours more like in the 10% plus range over time.
Kevin Lobo: Look, the replacement cycle is continuous, so there isn't sort of one massive replacement cycle. You have hospitals buying other hospitals that are wanting to standardize on their equipment. We bring a lot of technology. So when we say no meaningful new products, we mean an entire new frame and with all the features. We're constantly updating software. We have new surfaces that we launched. So there is always some form of innovation. There wasn't any major platform launch. We're not going to really get into the timing of those launches, those are things we prefer to wait until those products are actually launched. But suffice to say that we have a really good pipeline within our Medical business, both for the beds, the stretchers as well as the emergency cost.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah. And I think the additional competition in the market is not necessarily a bad thing. If you believe you have a proven system that really delivers terrific value, we would welcome a head-to-head comparison. In some accounts that maybe haven't been opened to having that discussion. So, I think that the entry of other products in the market actually will grow robotics. And robotics as you saw in -- if you want to AAOS the last two years, it's dramatically changed. The whole dialogue about robotics is everywhere. They are here to stay. And I think more interest in robotics will frankly provide a tailwind in the market and a tailwind for our Mako business.
Kevin Lobo: I would tell you that there's been a noticeable change in the speed of our integration versus even three or four years ago. And, obviously, you know the dilution because these are public traded companies; you can see how negative they are. Speed of getting those synergies has increased dramatically and K2M is a good example where, obviously, it will be pretty heavily dilutive in the first half of the year and that dilution will start to abate as we drive out those synergies. But speed of integration is a new mantra at Stryker and that's really taking hold over the last two years.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I would tell you that Eric and the leadership team are evaluating our pre-planning in our navigation. They had their own preplanning system as well as looking at Robotics. And given that the focus in the short-term has been getting the organization sorted, getting the early synergies, having the sales force really mapped, that has been job one. I would tell you in the future quarters, we'll have a better idea on the enabling technologies, but right now, the main focus has been getting the sales force really organized for success.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah, even instruments had a very strong order book. In instruments if you notice double-digit growth on top of comparative year double-digit growth, and a strong order book. And part of the reason we’re sharing a little bit more on the order book is we're starting off with a very significant guide, a really strong organic growth guide and to let you know that we have the confidence behind that guide is a strong order book really across the board. So entering the year with very good momentum.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah, so for right now we've been very clear that our focus is hard tissue robotics starting with, obviously, hips and knees. We certainly have the opportunity with shoulder and spine and we have teams that are working on that. It's early stages and certainly too premature for us to talk about potential launch dates and what that’s going to look like. But that's our focus. We're not really looking at soft tissue robotics right now. It's really a hard tissue robotic focus.
Kevin Lobo: So I'll start with Invuity and so within Instruments, it's a pretty broad portfolio of products. And what Invuity did would helped us to catalyze split of that sales force. So that surgical unit within Instruments has the power tools, it has the gown that covers the surgeon. It also has Neptune waste management, surg account and frankly hard to focus on all of those different call points. And so in Invuity fits beautifully with Neptune waste management as well as the surg account procedures in that call point. So we've created a new specialized sales force called surgical technologies. And then orthopedic Instruments that includes all the power tools as well as the Steri-Shield products and that are really sold in the Ortho area. So if anything it helped us drive extra focus and enable us to specialize our sales force and that's been to be a catalyst for Instruments continue what you've seen as a kind of amazing performance over the last decade of very, very high single or low double-digit growth year after year after year. So it's really not something that's a new call point. It actually strengthens a basket of products that we've either invented or acquired in recent history. As to whether, we'll get into other areas, that's just something Stryker continually looks at. And if we believe that our sales force can bring new technologies to call points we'll do that. But our biggest asset of Stryker is that our sales force since. We know how to run a great offense and if we can bring them new technologies and continue to specialize the sale forces, we're going to continue to drive high growth.
Kevin Lobo: Yeah, Ryan. We've actually been working on the registration process related to the new regulation over the course of the past year. And early on in the year according with our – in accordance with our – sort of our non-GAAP policy, we received approval to remove those costs from our regular earnings and move them to non-GAAP. So in terms of the guidance you're getting and the numbers you're seeing, you're really seeing the excess costs, the extra cost remove. Now, you're correct any going forward burden that we might have related to the regulations would flow through a regular R&D line item as we up our standards relative to that regulation.
Kevin Lobo: Well, thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the first quarter 2019 results will be held on April 23rd. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will provide an update on our Q4 acquisitions of K2M as well as our Mako performance. In November, we completed the acquisition of K2M for roughly $1.4 billion, which significantly bolsters our competitive position in the spinal market. K2M provides Stryker with a highly complementary and innovative product portfolio that is resonating with our customers and spinal sales force. The teams have focused on optimizing the integration and we are leveraging our years of deal experience to ensure we are moving quickly to align the organization. We have made considerable progress since closing, including establishing the spine global senior leadership team of the combined organization. We are actively building out the remainder of the organization which should be completed by the end of the first quarter. Importantly, the sales leadership organizational structure has been announced along with their respective territories. The leadership team is working with the sales teams across the globe to align the sales force with our hybrid selling model and we expect this to be completed in Q1. Additionally, the cross-selling plan related to the comprised product portfolio is in its early stages and additional cross-selling progress will be made throughout the quarter. We remain on track with our deal model and expect our combined pro forma core spinal revenue to deliver mid-single-digit growth in 2019. We will provide a further update at AAOS as Eric Major, President of Stryker Spine, will be precipitating in our booth tour and will be available for Q&A. Turning to Mako, we had a particularly strong performance in Q4 with 54 robots installed globally, a record level with over 40% in competitive account. Geographically, the U.S. led the way with 36 robots versus 27 in the prior years. Globally, we now have 642 robots installed with 523 in the U.S., the majority of which have been upgraded to the Total Knee system. During the quarter, we certified roughly 250 surgeons on the Total Knee, bringing the total number of surgeons trained since launch to approximately 1,600. There were roughly 24,800 robotic procedures performed in the U.S. during the quarter with full year of Mako procedures topping 76,900. Mako Total Knee procedures increased over 35% sequentially to approximately 15,500 with knees representing roughly 60% of all Mako procedures performed in the U.S. in 2018. We also saw continued uptick in utilization rates on the robots, which climbed over 25% sequentially in Q4 and up 30% year-over-year. The ability to perform a cementless Total Knee on the robot, which was approved by the FDA in Q4 2017 is also helping to further drive cementless knee adoption as we exited to 2018 with over 30% of our knees now are cementless. Combined, we believe these data underscore that Mako is undoubtedly a powerful marketing tool for hospital that continued demand for the robot and steady acceleration in the utilization by surgeon is being driven more by the powerful clinical results and patient benefit. Looking ahead to 2019, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to drive Mako momentum as we exited the year with a healthy orders pipeline for the robot. During the year we saw strong peer review evidence that Mako Total Knee delivered better clinical outcomes for patients and lower 90-day cost of care, which benefits the pair. We expect to continue to build on the clinical data in support of Mako as we pass the two-year mark on the full commercial launch of our Total Knee application later this quarter. We look to further update you at the boot towards AAOS, which will include Mako and also anticipate further clinical data to be presented at August later in 2019. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Glenn.
Katherine Owen: Yeah, I think if you look at it overall, we do very similar headwinds tailwinds, we have some employing product cycles that we're going into with no endoscopy is getting up to launch the next generation camera, the 1688, which will happen by the end of the first quarter. So that will be significant for them. We finished the year on Orthopaedics with a very healthy order book across our capital businesses including Mako. So it's 54 robots in the quarter and a healthy order book, we expect another strong year for Mako and we’re seeing an acceleration in our hips given the launch of our 3D-printed cup that has been really well received, and so that will be a driver. We've launched several new Trauma products and including a new instrumentation nailing system that was launched late in the fourth quarter and that help drive the accelerations sequentially in Trauma and will be a faster as we look to this year. And then if you look across the board into the MedSurg businesses there's a lot of momentum across the board. Neurovascular has multiple product launches, we're still seeing strong momentum with Atlas they're also getting up for the launch of the respiration system and related accessories there. Medical has new product launches happening with Physio-Control, our new AEGG that's out at AAOS and is launching in the U.S. as well as continued acceleration in Sage as we move past them at the regulatory challenges we had. And then instrument is really benefiting from really expanded product portfolio on the heels of several acquisitions. And then, obviously, we're also looking for continued acceleration in spine to get to that pro forma spine revenue growth of 5% for 2019. So there is no one single thing that we really are a number of singles and doubles, the totality of which is really allowing for the strong top line, which we believe will again be at the high end of med tech.
Katherine Owen: Yeah, Bob, that's fully our expectation. We've got, as we mentioned, the strong order book, the amount in clinical data, all the data points that we look to, whether it's utilization rates or growth in surgeons trained are all really positive. So we fully expect to continue to take meaningful market share. It's going to bounce quarter-to-quarter, because the recon market bounces around. We were up against really tough comps in the U.S. this year and still we have to wait for everybody to report, but think we grew by 100 basis points ahead of the market. So that's absolutely the expectation for this year.
Katherine Owen: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. I think what we've seen is continued execution and really building on the momentum, given the years that we've been at robotics building on the clinical data with the only robot out there with haptics with the ability to balance the name, or seeing the benefit of that in the clinical data, some of which we talked about on the last call and will continue to see come out throughout this year, particularly as we approach August. And we had a record number of robots in the quarter and we've got a healthy order book. So it isn't any one single factor it is building on the momentum and the clear benefit that surgeons are seeing or continuing to see hospitals purchase second robots, which really speaks to the mounting benefits that the entire surgeon group sees. And that's the same thing driving it outside the U.S. Different geographies, we see different uptake given the different healthcare systems, but clearly we are seeing very healthy growth outside the U.S. I think the U.S. will continue to be the big driver we have a lot of runway. I think it helpful given all the data points we give you around system sales, pricing, utilization rates, surgeons trained that as you look at competitive offering will make it really easy to do a comparison.
Katherine Owen: Yeah. So the majority are pure outright sales of the robot and we absolutely expect to have a double-digit growth in robots installed this year.
Katherine Owen: Yeah. I think we're going to have to wait and see. We've been running pretty consistently north of 40% in competitive accounts. It did jump to over 50% last quarter. But if you look back, as we've reported that number each quarter, it's typically hovered between 40% and 50%. I think we'll just going to have to wait and see how it plays out with comparative launches. We haven't been through this before. We feel really comfortable though given the number of hospitals available to us, the clinical data we have, the unique features of our robot that we're going to have the ability to continue to install new robots. What the mix ends up looking like, will probably move around, but clearly competitive accounts are going to be part of it.
Katherine Owen: It’s pretty sticky, Joanne. We grow by multiple factors faster in the accounts that have a Mako system, because well first of all the system is close. But then the sales force has the opportunity to go in and sell the entire portfolio, and benefiting from a new hip they can go in and sell, plus our various 3D printed products around the knee systems. So it absolutely has that Halo effect once we get the robot in there. So it's not just selling Triathlon. We see significantly faster growth across our portfolio, recon products in those Mako accounts. 
Katherine Owen: Yeah. We'll have the opportunity to meet with the senior management team as we customarily do also do a booth tour. We’re still financing, but we anticipate having clearly Mako, so Robert Cohen will be there to answer questions on the robot. Eric as I mentioned will be there to talk about the K2M integration and some of the product portfolio. We will also have our new 1688 camera at the booth and so that will be part of the tour as well as some Trauma products. And I believe that info was out on the website for folks who want to sign up on the booth tour or attend any of the investor meetings with the senior management team.
Katherine Owen: Yeah. We feel really good about the overall macro environment as it currently stands, as Kevin referenced in his comments. And we also feel good about the momentum we have exiting 2018 across the businesses. Just keep in mind, we're a much bigger company and so there's a larger revenue base. We're in more markets. We've done acquisition, so there's just more variables overall. Typical we had a basis point range similar to this year. So overall, I think with the highs guidance in a decade, recognizing that things change and we're a big diverse business, I think it's an appropriate range to start the year at.
Katherine Owen: Yeah, we're going to continue to stay focused on the strategy around our robot and executing on the features and benefits that we've talked about the ability to balance and the clinical data that’s continuing to support the outcomes. I think it's valuable that we've got a number of data points that we routinely report on the quarter whether its placement, utilization rates, surgeon trained, clinical data that should make it easier to compared those same data points with competitive offering. So I think it validates that robotics is absolutely here to stay in Orthopaedics and it's impacting the market. So we're not surprised we're seeing competitive responses, but we're also in no way changing our strategy because its clearly been successful and we think it's the one to stick with as we think about this year and beyond.
Katherine Owen: Yes. So we're in the very early stages of the launch, but it is absolutely one of the factors that we think is going to contribute to strong neurovascular growth this year. Most of the times it's using conjunction with a stentriever because that's really what the clinical data has demonstrated in terms of having the most impact. But you do have those surgeons who prefer to go with Aspiration only as the first path. Typically, 40% to 60% of the time you have to go back in with a retriever, but we wanted to be able to have an offering for those surgeons who are not currently using a stentriever first. So, it will be a mix of the two, but it's too early to tell you with any specificity how much -- or what the waiting is between the two.
Katherine Owen: It's still very early. I think the key here right now is with K2M we get an immediate product refresh, we get a strong foothold in the deformity market that has a big impact with the thought leaders in this market. We have a much more expanded offering across the Board and a larger sales force and we also have an expanded 3D-printed offering. And then longer term as we've talked about previously, I think this position us well in the out-years and we bring the spine robot to market, but that's still years off.
Katherine Owen: So it's one of the factors behind the revenue guide of 6.5% to 7.5%. Clearly, we're selling to see the impact of our new 3D-printed hip cup. We've had hundreds of surgeons now exposed to it including competitive surgeons. I think that's a really strong offering. Knees is clearly the MAKO affect overall. Bone cement, Glenn's comment more about the fact that the decline was less significant, although, we're still seeing some pressure in our bone cement as we continue to ramp-up; we're now well over 30% of our knees are cement-less. And I think overall that the bulk of it, the market feels relatively similar from a competitive standpoint as it is in the third quarter. I think most of what we're seeing is share gain related.
Katherine Owen: It's really across the board with our capital facing businesses. We're, obviously, gearing up for the launch at the end of the first quarter of the 1688 camera. We're excited about that. Mako, candidly we had a really strong quarter but we also didn't want to convey the people that somehow it's a pull-through order that we had anticipated in the first quarter it was not. And so it's just across-the-board. Medical is having a really strong growth and we usually have a pretty good visibility into their order book going out a few quarters. So there is no one thing we would highlight. It's just across the board feels pretty healthy going into the year.
Katherine Owen: No. We absolutely see them trailing, especially it's a great opportunity given the launch of the new Trident II cup out there. So we always knew or believed that the biggest driver of the Mako adoption was going to be around the total knee given the unmet need and patient dissatisfaction rates. But we continue to see increases on the hip side as well and that's part the benefit of once you get into account and you can sell the totality of the offering and the surgeons start to see some of the benefits. So I think knees given the 60% of the procedures will still dominate, but absolutely we'll see an impact from hip.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. So we don't specifically guide on gross margin, but I would tell you keep in mind the gross margins really impacted by many factors, the largest of these really being mix price and just productivity and efficiency. If we think about the programs we have in place to improve gross margin as well as operating expenses, I've break them into two categories, gross margin is really impacted by our product lifecycle management programs and our plant network programs. Those really provide a longer period before the benefits really kick in. Do you think about operating expenses savings will be driven by improved sales leverage plus programs that we have around indirect spend and shared services. And most of these we've started to see some savings. So on the negative side though, M&A will continue to impact our off margin negatively, especially in the near term as we see sort of the impacts from operating expenses on acquisitions as we seek to really ramp sales on those acquisitions. So I would say, in summary, in the near-term we probably see more opportunities out of operating expenses near term, but over the longer term we'll drive better savings at the gross margin line.
Glenn Boehnlein: So, on the new Neurotechnology business, I'm very bullish on the prospects in 2019. As Katherine mentioned, Neurovascular is launching a number of exciting new products. We have the Neuro power drills, the CMF business; they're all very healthy businesses. We have Entellus now that’s reported as part of the Neurotechnology business that's doing very well and it’s an integration. Big comps from quarter-to-quarter you'll see a little bit movement, but I would expect continued robust performance there.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. So we've been working on this, as you know, for a number of years. And all four quarters were double-digit growth this year for Stryker, which really is encouraging as I think about the future. We made a lot of leadership changes in Latin America. Latin America had a terrific year in 2018. Same thing with the EMEA markets. Turkey, we bought out a distributor and they had a very strong performance. Russia is performing very well. China, of course, is the most important of the emerging markets and I would say we had very strong performance in China. A lot of new leadership put in place and even our Trauson business had a nice bounce back year within China. India, we had a tough sort of beginning part of the year, the first couple of quarters. Again, we've made some leadership changes with a new Managing Director and they had a very strong fourth quarter and the outlook is pretty bright. So for us, it's been a story about really getting the talent offense focus in firing and that's been an effort that’s taken us a couple of years. So I'm very optimistic that we'll be able to continue this trend in the emerging markets. And as you know, it represents a very small percentage of Stryker's overall sales at around 6%. And for us, that's a huge opportunity for the future and we're better position in emerging markets than we have been since I've been at Stryker.
Glenn Boehnlein: Well, I've mentioned in my opening remarks that Physio-Control had double-digit growth, which to me was really exciting. We have a new AED outside of the U.S., but it's only got approval in the U.S. at the end of the year. So we haven't – didn’t see any of that benefit. So this is really a terrific sales and marketing execution and we've put in some Stryker leaders there a couple of years ago. And they really are driving more of our Stryker's sales culture in a business that already had terrific products. And so that's one highlight. Sage recovered somewhat, but frankly I think we'll have a better year in 2019 then it did in 2018, had a strong fourth quarter but really had to make up for the losses of the regulatory actions of the remediation. And so they had mid-single-digit growth. It was really the other parts that our core Medical business in Physio that had very, very strong performances.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah, so the U.S. sales force integration is the most important part of this integration. That's taking the bulk of our energy prior to the closure of the deal, we in a clean team environment, we actually looked at all the territories, looked at all the overlap, and I can tell you I'm widely impressed with how fast Eric and his leadership team, which is a mixture of Stryker and K2M people, how fast they've moved on making decisions on the regional managers, on making decisions on the territories. And so once people know who their surgeons are and have access to the full bag of products, the quicker you can do that, the quicker you'll make sure that you can grow the business and not have de-synergies. As you know that's been the challenge of the spine deals in the past. I would say they're ahead of where I thought there would be at this stage, but that's what we’re going to watch most closely as U.S. sales force integration, and making sure that we don't lose sales reps or that we don't lose that surgeon relationship. The good news is we didn't have a lot of overlap. That's one of the things – we modeled the certain amount of overlap and we went in with a clean team to look at the actual overlap it was less than what we had modeled. And so I think the risk is lower for us than what you've seen in previous spine deals, but that is the biggest single risk with this integration. And each quarter we'll give you an update on how that's going.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah, it's really well-balanced. So there is not one single product category that stands out. We've always had a pretty strong Endoscopy division in the emerging markets and that continues to be the case. But I would say, picking up our implant business. That's an area that we've been particularly soft in the past. We're starting to really pick that up in the emerging markets. But it's really kind of across the board. Given our small presence, we have a long way to go to really across our businesses to grow. But it isn't just in one area. What I'm most excited about is, if we get the implant business really rolling that provides the stability and the scale to then be able to deal with the capital fluctuations that invariably occur in these markets. In the past, we've been a little bit overweight in the capital equipment area and that's the part that we're really focused on and I'm feeling very encouraged about our progress.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. Right now, we are not estimating an impact and we really are pretty much sticking with the tax guidance that we developed at the beginning of this year. And we have been monitoring the regs as they've been coming out. So as you can imagine, it's a moving target as they continue to issue more guidance around some of the more complex parts of the new tax laws. But right now, we don't see an impact from that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. It's early in the year and it's obviously something that's very variable depending on our own operations and also what happens to currency. Right now, we're seeing probably the greatest impact of that $0.00 to $0.10 forecasted to hit Q1. And then, we expect it to be pretty moderate for the rest of the year. And so that's kind of where our guidance is right now, based on what we can see.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah, Isaac, this is Glenn. If you look at Q4, first of all that is seasonably by far and away the most robust capital cycle selling that we see. And so what we really saw in the Mako – in that line item, which is primarily made up of Mako and bone cement was a couple of things, obviously, really robust installs, 54 in the quarter, which was significantly higher than prior year quarter. And then also just in terms of the nature of whether or not they were rentals, whether or not there were lease through, we just saw higher rate of the recognizable capital revenues sales then we've seen in prior quarter. And then that really combined with just positive price. We're also starting to see revenue come off of maintenance contracts as we get hit sort of a critical mass that's out in the field. And then lastly just less erosion from bone cement, which really combined to produce the robust numbers that you're seeing there.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. I think, if we think about price, both the performance this year and what we're guiding to next year. I mean a couple of things. I think it's less bad than it used to be a year ago. But I also think that if you just sort of look at the mix of where we expect growth to come from, obviously MedSurg will be a big grower next year for us and there are less susceptible to price. And the same holds true for some of our international sales. So I think given that mix, we probably will see sort of a similar pricing environment, maybe even a little better in 2019.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. I think, as you think about that performance and certainly covering the impact of acquisitions, there's a lot of puts and takes that flow through margin. A couple of things I will say is, first of all, there's a really disciplined leverage approach that's done by all of our businesses as they think about over-performing their targets and how much they need to drop through, so much so that it's a part of everyone's incentive plan here at Stryker. The second thing I would point to is that, these near-term CTG programs, like indirect spend and shared services, we're really starting to see some of the benefits come through from those programs and those benefits are obviously reflecting in the amount of drop-through that we can have. On the flipside of that, given the amount of acquisitions that we had during the year, those were very dilutive to the op margin. And we push the integration efforts of those as quick as we can, especially sort of on the G&A side of things so that we can sort of squeeze better out margin performance even out of acquisitions.
Glenn Boehnlein: No, that was the full year, Kristen it picked up in the fourth quarter, yeah, so fourth quarter was double digit; full year was mid-single-digit.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah, it's great business. The pipeline continues to be really solid. I would expect 2019 to be a better year than 2018. We exited the fourth quarter with a ton of momentum. We have a couple of really interesting new products that we'll be launching in 2019. So, that business should continue to be high-single-digit, low double-digit growth for the foreseeable future. Obviously the remediation efforts were very severe, very significant. And a couple of the product categories that took us a little longer to get back the business that we had lost during that interruption. But there're now starting to hit their stride and I would expect that to be reliable and solid contributor to our growth.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yeah. When you look at sort of M&A across-the-board and you really need to focus on some of the bigger ones especially liked K2. At the gross margin line is actually favorable impact that we'll see. But then when you move on down the selling and the accelerating that we're doing relative to ramping sales almost all of them become dilutive in SG&A, so that's – this year, for the year and the quarter, we saw 50 basis points of headwind. I'm expecting that that headwind will continue at least through the first couple of quarters of 2019.
