Kevin Lobo: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Stryker's first quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are Bill Jellison, our CFO; and Katherine Owen, Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations. Following my opening comments, Katherine will provide an update as it relates to our recent M&A activity and Bill will then offer details on our quarterly results before opening the call up to Q&A. Our first quarter results reinforce the strength of our diversified mix of businesses which include implants, disposables, capital equipment and services that address a broad spectrum of the medical technology industry. With this comprehensive offering, we achieved another quarter of solid organic sales growth, up 5% excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange. While we benefited from one extra selling day in the quarter, this was offset by the negative impact from the unusually severe weather, which resulted in a high number of cancelled surgeries. As these surgeries are being rescheduled over the course of the year, we do not anticipate any discernable impact on our full year growth rates. All three of our key business segments, Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotechnology and Spine delivered year-over-year revenue gains in Q1 and growth was well balanced between the U.S. and international. In the U.S., trauma and extremities posted an impressive growth of 12% off of a tough 26% comparable which was aided by competitor recall last year. This growth was fueled by continued strength in Foot & Ankle, up 34%. Hip growth of 6% and knee growth of 4% reflected seasonality and some disruption associated with the MAKO acquisition. As publicly traded competitors, we were only able to start our integration discussions after the deal closed late last year. With that planning taking place over the course of the first quarter. During this period, we experienced hesitancy by our sales reps as well as some customers to move forward ending visibility around the integration specifics. Starting in April, we now have the benefit of a unified sales force. With this key step in place, we are well positioned to leverage our considerable sales and distribution capabilities to drive sales growth going forward. U.S. MedSurg was led by robust growth in instruments, up 13% as the team is capitalizing on the linked 2013 510K clearance of the Neptune Waste Management System. Endoscopy had another solid quarter. Medical was steady while Sustainability Solutions was slowed by some product lifecycle challenges. U.S. Neurotechnology had another stellar quarter with 11% growth at all three businesses, Neurovascular, Neuropowered Instruments and CMS registered double-digit gains. Spine growth was flat aided by double-digit growth in Interventional Spine. International constant currency growth of 5% was led by strong performances in Australia, Japan, India, and China. The latter of which had strong performance in both the premium and low-priced segment of the market. Europe momentum continues with year-over-year growth in the low single-digits. Most product categories had positive results, although knees were soft due primarily to lingering issues in some emerging market countries which we previously mentioned. We continue to expect this trend to improve beginning in Q2. Turning to the P&L. The year-over-year decline in gross margin is a function of the negative impact from foreign exchange along with price which was partly offset by the benefit from our GQO initiative. We continue to make significant investments in R&D which increased 17% year-over-year, while maintaining our focus on driving greater SG&A efficiencies. With our adjusted Q1 EPS of $1.06 we are confirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.75 to $4.90. With that, I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: David, what I say around seasonality, that’s something that we expected. It’s obviously a trend that we’ve seen over the last couple of years and that played out again this quarter. The weather clearly was not expected and it was obviously an unusual period. We expect that those procedures will get done over the course of the year. They will be rescheduled. So for the full year we don’t expect that to have a meaningful impact on our volumes. Now obviously, MAKO was a different issue and separate from weather and seasonality where we had the first quarter of integration and obviously we had sales forces on both sides at MAKO and Stryker trying to feel each other out and understand how we they are going to work together. We’ve spent the first quarter working through those plans and obviously that did affect the first quarter for MAKO but we are very excited we have our plans in place. We have a unified sales force ready to hit the ground. But to actually parse seasonality versus weather is not something not I could really do either.
Kevin Lobo: So, as we’ve already indicated, we are going to report in these MAKO knee numbers with knees, the MAKO hip numbers with hips and the capital will be part of our other reconstructive segment. We have our full scales force now will be selling the implants combining the MAKO implant sales force as well as the Stryker Orthopedic sales force and that’s new starting in April. We also have separate reps that will be selling capital.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, Kristen. The sales of Sports Medicine implants was roughly $15 million for the quarter. It was a small but very fast-growing business which we had separate from our endoscopy division. Our endoscopy division does sell many products into the Sports Medicine specialty. We have now emerged those two together and have one combined offense from Sports Medicine and we renamed the business unit Sports Medicine which is not part of the endoscopy franchise. We are really excited about being able to be built now a strong fast-growing sports medicine implant business and now combining with our existing arthroscopy business.
Kevin Lobo: Hi, Bob.Bob Hopkins – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Great, good afternoon. First question for Bill, are you still comfortable suggesting that about 45% of the total year's earnings will come in the first half? And I was curious in Q1 if earnings came in where you thought because obviously it was a little lower than what the street was predicting.
Kevin Lobo: So, as you know, Europe was a sour spot to go back about a year-and-a-half for Stryker and it has been over a number of quarters trailing the market and we launched our turnaround and we’ve now had four straight quarters of low single-digit growth. So it’s sustained. We started off with Northern Europe being the area of primary focus and now I would include Southern Europe in that. So, Spain sort of performing well at the end of last year and in this first quarter, even Italy registered positive results and Italy have been a country where we were suffering the most. So I would say our recovery has been broad based across all the countries back to basics. We really have our management team performing very well. So it’s sustainable four quarters in a row in a market that’s still challenging market overall. We are performing well and obviously for Stryker, Reconstructive is the biggest segments in Europe and so, the implant business is starting to get healthy again.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, specifically related to knees, what I’d say is all of last year we grew at market rates in knees and so I wouldn’t expect anything really different going into this year in terms of outside of MAKO if you just look at our core knee implants that we perform around market rates and we don’t see a different dynamic necessarily playing.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, so first of all, not everybody has reported yet. And I’d say, you do have the impact of the recall, the competitor recall from last year which inflated that competitor’s first quarter and frankly damped down our growth rates, so our real underlying growth rate was even higher than the 12% we reported. Weather did does have a factor. It’s not nearly as – it’s not a one-for-one with sort of the slow down you see in hips and knees, there is not a one-for-one replacement trauma, but, yes, the weather does have an impact and was a tailwind for us for the market in the first quarter.
Kevin Lobo: So to the points you made, I would say yes, hesitancy on the sales force around who is going to get paid, who is going to get credit, what territory am I going to cover and yes on the hesitancies around customers saying well not the Stryker ones evolve should I buy this or should I wait, can I get financing, or are they going to sell this differently. So the hesitancies is yes, on both two parts. The one area where we did not have an issue was on sales force loss. We did not lose any sales force, our sales forces has all been retained, but there was this limbo where you are trying to figure out and sort out who is going to be credit for what. Especially, if you look at Stryker Reconstructive implant people who are not getting credits in the first quarter, they obviously were engaged fully until they understood what it meant for them. We were able to clarify that over the course of the first quarter, so they are now fully engaged.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I would say that we – our performance if you look over last year we performed kind of inline with the market, at least with some large players. I would say that held true again in the first quarter or you have the U.S. down low single-digits, OUS, up low single-digits, that’s kind of what’s been playing out over the course of last year and the first quarter was no different.
Kevin Lobo: Well, it’s just like any other integration. So it’s going to depend. I can’t give you a straight answer, but what I can tell you is the teams are very engaged and they are very excited, but it’s new and you have people that are collaborating together, you have that certain relationships are well established, but it’s not something that I can – it’s not going to be linear and it’s something that will build and grow and accelerate throughout the course of the year.
Kevin Lobo: No, certainly they are recon focused. If you look at our MedSurg business posted very, very good results, our Neurotechnology division posted very, very solid results. So it really was localized to the Recon business. And Spine to degree, but it’s not that different than last year.
Kevin Lobo: So, you saw our Medical division in the U.S. grew in low single-digits and it has had pretty steady performance. We are not seeing any discernable change in the capital equipment market. The same challenging market that we had all of last year, the ACA impact is negligible capital is still challenging, but our division is continuing to perform well in a challenging market.Larry Biegelsen – Wells Fargo Securities:  And then on emerging markets, could you just talk about what percent of your sales now are emerging markets, the growth in the quarter, and how much the knee issue in Asia impacted your growth? Thanks.
Kevin Lobo: So, yes, as we mentioned in previous calls, the smaller market Asian companies, the distributor change that we’ve gone through has lingered and that primarily in knee business. So that did impact us. Our emerging market as a total percent of sales is around 7% and we are having very strong growth as we mentioned in China as well as India. We still have a lot of work to do in some countries like Russia and Turkey where we are really starting from a small foundation. I am excited about the potential for emerging markets specifically with Trauson which performed very well in China and which we will start to launch in countries outside of China over the course of this year.
Kevin Lobo: So, we have a number of fast-growing segments within Stryker and I would say Sports Medicine is one of those fast-growing segments, trauma is a fast-growing segment. We have fast-growing segments in Neurotech, we mentioned Interventional Spine is a fast-growing. So many business units that are fast-growing. I wouldn’t want to isolate it to one or two or three and we believe that the combination of the fast-growing sports medicine implants where we had strong knee, strong shoulder and now very strong best-in-class hip arthroscopy products which that we acquired through Pivot combined with the endo arthroscopy business will give that a shot in arm. So, yes, I would say Sports Medicine is a focus area, but it’s not different than it has been in the past. We are just going to bring a bit more muscle to it by combining the two organizations together. We think we are very well positioned. We have a number of new launches coming out of the arthroscopy unit that will combine with the Sports Medicine business. So we think the timing is perfect to bring these businesses together. But I wouldn’t say that it’s something different than we were doing before in terms of focusing, we were focused on Sports Medicine. We just didn’t have still in the implant side, so we carved out a separate group, did a lot of internal development, have now combined that with Pivot, so we now have really a great offering on the implant side that we can combine. So, three or four years, we weren’t ready to really compete vigorously in Sports Medicine, because we didn’t have a complete offering, but we are now ready.
Kevin Lobo: So on the first question, I take the first part of the question on Europe, I would say, we just had sustained strong performance. I had mentioned before four straight quarters of positive growth in constant currency in the low single-digit area. It’s taken a number of quarters to get that in all countries. I mentioned last year that we were lagging in Italy. We have been lagging in Spain that story in Spain has changed over the last six months and this quarter was the first positive we saw in Italy which had been the country where we were suffering the most over the last two years. So, the business model that we put in place for the turnaround is working and working well and we are now sustaining that performance in Europe, as we mentioned before in detail how we have changed our commercial model, we are very pleased with how that commercial model is working. And so, beyond that I could just say that that the team is stable and performing at a high level.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, clearly minimal invasive is the fastest growing segment in Spine. It is a focus area for us certainly with our internal R&D organization and we’d certainly be open for looking at acquisitions within Spine. We did a very small acquisition. We did CoAlign in the first quarter and that’s an acquisition that our Spine team is very excited about. So you should continue to expect that we will launch products internally as well as pursue acquisitions in that space.
Kevin Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the second quarter of 2014 results will be held on July 17, 2014. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: My comments on today's call will focus on providing an update on our recent M&A activity. During Q1 we acquired Pivot Medical which was founded in 2007 with a focus on hip arthroscopy procedures treating FAI syndrome. Pivot provides us with a platform of innovative instrumental implants to efficiently access and restore the mobility of the hip with minimal incision. Hip arthroscopy is the fastest growing procedure in sports medicine resulting from improved procedural solution and growing demand for solution. This acquisition complements our existing sports medicine portfolio and provides our customers with a comprehensive offering to address a broader range of procedures. More recently, we completed the acquisition of Berchtold Holding, which achieved sales in 2013 of approximately $125 million to its product portfolio of surgical infrastructure equipment. Berchtold offering includes surgical table, equipment films and surgical lighting systems geared towards maximizing efficiency and safety in operating rooms and IT use. Combining these complementary solutions with our endoscopy division’s existing operating room portfolio creates a comprehensive quality focused offering equipped to satisfy a wide range of customers’ needs around the globe. Also during the quarter we closed on the acquisition of Patient Safety Technologies which we discussed in detail on our prior call. Our Instruments division is excited about this innovative technology which helps prevent the objects in the operating room thereby improving patient safety and reducing healthcare costs. Finally, as it relates to MAKO, during Q1 we initiated enrollment in a clinical study of a total knee application using MAKO’s Total Knee System. We are excited about this opportunity to further broaden the clinical application for this technology and anticipate having the Total Knee on the market in 2015. We are excited about these recent transactions and the opportunity for our division to leverage the considerable sales and marketing infrastructure to help drive accelerating revenue growth. With that, I will now turn the call over to Bill.
Katherine Owen: Kristen we did the Pivot acquisition and that is going to be within the Endoscopy division. So that really rounded out a key gap. In Sports Medicine we are pretty well positioned in knees and in shoulders, but having a product to treat hip arthroscopy with the gap and we were obviously very impressed by the Pivot offering. So, I would say right now the focus on that acquisition which just recently closed. Clearly, endoscopy has a much larger sales marketing and depth and breadth that will be able to hopefully leverage as part of the Sports Medicine strategy going forward.
Katherine Owen: Bob, I’ll jump in with couple of things, going back to your prior question, keep in mind we clearly did not have any visibility when we thought about the first quarter as to how should be the weather would be and obviously it had an impact and still talked about FX that also worst. So there were some incremental negatives. In terms of the surgeries I think what we would say is not really going to comment where we are right now early on in the second quarter, surgeries get rescheduled but they tend not to get rescheduled all in the same quarter that they were canceled, particularly if a division has a backlog in place. So, that’s why we said we feel comfortable that those surgeries will get replaced or rescheduled over the course of the year for all the obvious reasons for these diseases. We generated these patients are going to suddenly feel better. So it will work itself out over the course of the year. We still continue to assume the reconstructive market growth somewhere in the mid single-digits and whether that’s three to four, three to five, something in that vicinity. So there has been no discernable change in the underlying trends with the note of exception that seasonality continues to get more pronounced each year and based on the fourth quarter. First quarter, we anticipate the same trend will take place as we look ahead to the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of 2015.Bob Hopkins – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Just to (Inaudible)
Katherine Owen: As we said previously, we still assume approximately 45% of earnings during the first half of the year based on the range of estimates we have for the full year and then, I think Bill outlined in his comments, some incremental headwinds that are specific to the first half and Q2 that are worth looking at when you think about modeling.Bob Hopkins – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Rich, I’ll take it. I think it’s safe to say obviously reading a little bit too much into my comment it was more around to give perspective that you can’t make up all the surgeries in a given quarter and that maybe one factor. It was intended to imply that there has been a significant change in backlog that’s specific to us. It’s really just the factors to why we said and think those procedure volumes will be rescheduled over the course of the year and that I would go back, we are continuing to assume the Reconstructive market is essentially unchanged in terms of its growth with the noted commentary around seasonality.
Katherine Owen: Derrick, I’ll take that question and for consistency sake we have said we are not going to breakout MAKO revenue and I know it cause us some challenges but I have to note you guys have your models and we’ll get some approximation in there. We very clearly saw some impact as we talked about on weather and seasonality in the quarter and clearly Q1 versus Q4 growth is there is a big change and we assume that trend will continue this quarter. So those are some of the factors that you should assume. This isn’t a linear trend as it relates to our businesses both in recon as well as some of our capital businesses.
Katherine Owen: I’ll take the recon comment and we don’t break out pricing by specific product lines or hips and knees in our financials you can get the pricing impacts. We continue – for the three main businesses, we continue to see pricing pressure partly offset by mix and the total company price continues to be down at the 1.5% to 2% range.
Katherine Owen: So, if you are talking about – I assume you talk about top-line?Matt Miksic – Piper Jaffray & Co:  Yes.
Katherine Owen: So, keep in mind, our organic growth in the quarter was 5% and so I think we are in very good shape recognizing Q1 the biggest factors that’s a negative for revenue is the seasonality both for capital which obviously has stronger fourth quarter trends and then the Reconstructive, which I think is, of course that was pretty well beaten in terms of that seasonality trend. As the year unfolds, the benefit we’ll see is the acceleration in MAKO as we talk through. Neptune is ramping up as it just got back on the market. We had to do some customer upgrades in the first quarter. We did several acquisitions that we closed in the first quarter. We’ll start to see those attraction with those as the division start to take advantage of the expanded product offering there and…
Katherine Owen: But, I just think as you go back and adjust models, the biggest change that we’ve seen as we talked about it’s gotten greater each quarter or each year, is the seasonality. So obviously that’s going to impact how the fourth quarter of this year looks like just it did impacted the first quarter. And then sort of the headwinds that we talked about around FX in particular that will impact the second quarter. So there is just more variability on the overall quarterly trends, but when we step back and look at the full year, it’s very consistent with our expectations.
Katherine Owen: I would refer back to the comments we made in the formal part of the call. We start movement in the first quarter with the Total Knees with MAKO’s Total Knee system and we do anticipate launching the Total Knee on the MAKO robot in 2015. In terms of product iterations and next generations, we are not going to go into any additional color on that. Obviously, we do have plans to introduce Stryker implants in both the hip and knee side. The timing of that and the prioritization – I think that we are working through internally. We will likely be able to share some additional color at our Analyst Meeting in September where the product there is going to focus on the Reconstructive business in MAKO. But beyond that, we are not prepared to go into any more detail around the pipeline.
Katherine Owen: So what we talked about, that’s probably going to take until the third quarter in this year so we are really at a fully run rate because we did have to go back to existing customers and do a software upgrade for them. But we are also now selling, and we are selling disposables associated with that. So the comment still hold, I would say the teams are very excited obviously to have the product back on the market, given the features and benefits and we would expect that momentum to accelerate again into the third quarter where it should be truly reflective of them hitting on all cylinders.
Katherine Owen: And Joanne, on the OtisMed, unfortunately we’ve proven that we have done a great job of predicting when we are going to get that back to the FDA. So I don’t think we’ve gotten good visibility right now in terms of a re-launch. I wouldn’t be assuming necessarily anything in the next few quarters.Joanne Wuensch – BMO Capital Markets:  Thank you.
Katherine Owen: The trial is being done with the MAKO robot and they had obviously releasing their MAKO Knee when they were putting this together. So that's what’s the news that it’s in the trial right now and we anticipate launching in 2015. The Total Knee and the MAKO robot assisted system with the MAKO Knee in the trial.
Katherine Owen: It’s always going to be subject to acquisition activity because as we stated, we’ve got three primary uses, but first and foremost is the acquisition, dividends are second and obviously fairly consistent in terms of how those play out and interest that we purchased it is going to be the most variable, I would say that in those years we have finished the year with still shares available under the authorization. But that you should anticipate in any given year that there will be some level of buyback activity. Clearly in the first quarter, we had a lot of acquisition activity that was the primary use of cash.
William Jellison: Yes, so I think that there are couple comments there. So, keep in mind on the R&D increase that we had a piece of that is obviously from some of the acquisitions that we’ve been bringing on board, especially as it relates to a percent of sales of R&D to our total sales and then as it relates to the broader based SG&A side, I think that, you should assume that there were some reductions actually in each of those areas. So selling costs were down slightly as well as a couple of the key categories within the G&A area.
William Jellison: And I think that is probably reasonable to assume that the R&D side should expect to run probably higher than it did last year, pretty much throughout this year and I think the reverse is probably also true with the SG&A broader category.
William Jellison: That’s correct. There were no recall expenses for Neptune in this quarter. The recall cost that you are seeing there were related to just the Rejuvenate matter.
William Jellison: That kind of market as well as and we would expect that business to continue to ramp as we move through this year.
William Jellison: And Japan price cuts, obviously we expected those price cuts and they came in line with our expectations. And specifically for reconstructive, we do break out pricing by segment, the first quarter price reduction was not very different, if you look at our full year price reduction, it’s in line with our full year price reduction.
William Jellison: And I’d say, we are going to continue to sustain the kind of double-digit growth in Neurotechnology. Those businesses are all really well positioned with strong momentum, strong pipelines. So we expect that business to continue to perform very well. So we have a number of businesses, Trauma, Instruments division, Neurotechnology, we were very bullish on our performance over the course of the year.
William Jellison: Sure, I think that – I mean, those are generally reasonable comments, but maybe the one exception on the gross margin related rate. Keep in mind that both in the first quarter of this year and also throughout all months all the quarters last year, we took a pretty heavy headwind from FX in each of those periods and a large part of that has impacted at the gross margin level. So, if FX was even neutral, I think that headwind on the gross margin rate would be much reduced and despite the fact that we’ve got some significant pricing headwinds in general, I think that we’ve got some good initiatives to our broader based GQO team itself reduce those operating related costs in the gross margin area to help offset that.
William Jellison: Right now, if you take a look at kind of the roughly the $0.10 per share impact that I referred to. In the first quarter we referenced it was about $0.05 that was probably the biggest related impact for the year, I think the second quarter will also be – maybe not quite that level but still at fairly significant level. As you move into the third quarter, there may be little bit of an impact yet in the fourth quarter, should be more at least balanced off based on where rates are today. If rates move, obviously that’s an impact that needs to separately be taken into account. From a hedging perspective, we did begin to – we see some benefits from the hedging program already in the first quarter here. As we move through this year, it takes us I think we stated, kind of in the early part of next year until the hedging program is more fully in place but based on current FX rates that we see the impact should be pretty much more neutralized by the time we get into the fourth quarter.
William Jellison: No, I mean, absolutely not. The hedging program is meant to really mitigate what that risk is, so it just buffers it in comparison. At some point unless rates reverse from a different level, right, you still have the positive or negative impact of that. The hedging only just spreads out what the rate is that you are actually paying within a specific quarter. And if you think about it, just think about kind of over, kind of a six quarter basis, that’s kind of where we are purchasing the different components of our FX exposure. So, it’s the average that go into that six quarter basis as we move out into kind of the beginning part of the next year that we should be looking at.
William Jellison: So, I’d say that, most of that was kind of inline, a little bit of that was actually from part of our FX exposure that we just talked about the $0.05 that hit us in the quarter. Probably a good penny of that ran through that category. So, that was probably the one area that was not expected because the transaction impact in that category generally, if rates don’t move from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, there is typically no FX impact in that expense line. But as far as the increase in the interest expense side, keep in mind, we place some debt at the beginning part of last year and so the first quarter on a comparable basis now reflects that interest expense in the first quarter as well through and obviously that was planned.
