Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, who assumed the role of CFO effective April 1, and Katherine Owen, VP of Strategy and Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by an M&A update from Katherine. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before we open the call to Q&A.  We're pleased with our start to the year, as Q1 organic sales growth of 6.1% came in above our expectations, with strong performances across all three segments: Orthopedics, MedSurg and neurotechnology and spine. The performance was led by continued new product introductions and strong sales and marketing execution.  Geographically, Q1 was powered by ongoing momentum in the U.S., with sales growth of 8.9%. As expected, growth was challenged outside the U.S., given the tough year-over-year comparisons in emerging markets, where growth started to slow in the second quarter of last year. Challenges still exist in emerging markets, although the year-over-year impact should ease in the back half of the year.  We continue to have good performance in Europe, Japan and Australia. Our strategy of business unit specialization with dedicated sales forces, marketing and R&D continue to be a differentiating factor in the sustainability of our above-market growth. Consistent R&D investment has generated strong internal product pipelines across the Company and we continue to augment them with acquisitions. We're thrilled to welcome Sage, Physio-Control and Synergistics to Stryker and believe that the addition of these companies will further strengthen our businesses. Looking at the P&L, we're building on 2015's success and delivered solid adjusted earnings growth of 11.7%, despite modest foreign currency headwinds. This improvement stemmed from the strong top-line and year-over-year gross margin expansion. Importantly, we continue to invest heavily in R&D in both absolute dollars and as a percent of sales. Our cost transformation for growth efforts are in the early stages and are multiyear nature and we're starting to realize benefits. Overall, we're confident in our stated goal of achieving sales at the high end of medtech, with ongoing earnings leverage and believe our Q1 results position us well for 2016. I will now turn the call over to Katherine.
Kevin Lobo: I would say that I feel very good about the strength of our entire business portfolio. So if you look at MedSurg, you look at neurotechnology and even orthopedics, I really feel like we have balanced strength across our portfolio and that balanced strength is what gives us the confidence, even after the first quarter, to raise our organic sales guidance. So we had indicated previously that the first quarter would likely be closer to the 5% range and we exceeded that. And obviously, the emerging market comps will also ease as we get into the back half. So we're feeling very good about our position as we exit the first quarter and obviously feel confident about raising our organic sales guidance.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. Mike, I will start off with the neurovascular and then I will turn it over to Glenn for the gross margin. So certainly, the ischemic market, it's a new market and there obviously are many strokes that hadn't been treated prior. I kind of think this a little bit like the foot and ankle market, you are creating a new market. And when you create a new market, it's difficult to predict the pace of growth, but there's no doubt that the growth will be very significant and that was clearly the biggest contributor to the strong performance in neurovascular but equally pleased with the performance of our neuro-powered instruments which are having fantastic growth. Very strong double-digit growth with our signature drills which compete with one of the other major players. And we're taking significant market share with those products as well as our Sonopet product. So very strong performance, both in neurovascular as well as the neuro-powered instruments and even our craniomaxillofacial business, the third of our neuro businesses, is enjoying double-digit growth. So across the neuro portfolio, we're really performing very well. I will turn it to Glenn for gross margin.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, Bob. So on both businesses, I would tell you we don't have significant businesses, as you probably know. In capital equipment in Europe, our market share is quite low. And even for knees, if you look at last year, we had a pretty good comp. We had a plus-5% in knee. And quarter to quarter, given that we don't have very large businesses for both capital equipment in Europe and knees, we do tend to see fluctuations. So I would call this sort of the normal fluctuations that we get quarter to quarter. And we're not really seeing a lot of difficulty with capital equipment. That market for us in Europe, given that the bulk of our capital is not the large capital, we're not really seeing any new pressures. And we see the Europe market as being fairly healthy, at least for our businesses. Keep in mind, though, that we do have very low market shares and we have significant room to grow within both Europe as well as O-U.S. knees.
Kevin Lobo: So Bob, the emerging markets actually was -- the decrease was even more pronounced in the first quarter, so it was negative high-single digits in the first quarter. And that didn't surprise us because we had a very strong first quarter last year. Things really started to tail off starting in the second quarter last year. So that really contributed to the softness in our international sales was the negative growth in emerging markets and we do see that starting to taper and obviously the comps will ease as well. Inventory bleeds will eventually bleed out. It's hard to predict exactly when, but as I stated I think on our last call, we expect around midyear would be sort of the bottoming out period and we should start to see improvements in the second half of the year.
Kevin Lobo: I would tell you that if you look at our earnings guidance, it's pretty clear that we're driving leverage. So we've updated both our top-line guidance. We've also updated our bottom-line guidance. And this is the third time since the beginning of the year that we've raised our earnings guidance and we won't be able to deliver that type of earning guidance unless we drive operating leverage. So I'm not going to promise that is going to be 90 basis points every single quarter, but we're committed to driving leverage at the operating income level. And you will see that this year and you'll see that when we provide guidance for you in 2017.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, yes. There are multiple factors that contribute to the knee performance. We had a great fourth quarter, with around 9% growth in the U.S. and another 9% in the first quarter. And certainly revision is part of it. And we've launched these new 3D-printed cones in the middle of last year and cones are a very important part of the procedure. They don't generate huge revenue by themselves, but you get the pull-through of the implant when you use the cones.  Our market share was roughly 6 share points below what it was in primary knees and revision. So we did sell in the revision market, but we didn't maintain the same level of market share that we do with our primary knees, roughly 6 points. So we're really excited about being able to gain those 6 points back and then potentially even grow beyond that. Because we really believe we now have the best-in-class cones for revision procedures. We also have cementless knees which is growing and that is through a launch of our 3D-printed Tritanium baseplate. The baseplate portion of our knee system, that's a second factor. A third factor is really great sales force execution. Marketing programs and sales force execution. So it's hard for me to describe which of those three is the greater. I would say all three contributed to a very strong showing in knees and it's the second quarter in a row. And I really believe we're building momentum and that will continue to perform well in knees through the course of the year.
Kevin Lobo: Look, I'm thrilled with the performance of our trauma business and it's been a multiyear success story. We posted this plus-11% against a comp of plus-18% in the prior period, so we really are clicking on all cylinders within our trauma portfolio. It took us years to build out our portfolio, frankly, on the plating side of the business. We've always been strong in nails and then of course the launching of our foot and ankle business was tremendous a few years ago and that continues to grow above the overall trauma growth rate. It was midteens growth again this quarter. And very strong performance from the STAR Ankle as well, so I would say it's rounding out our portfolio and then terrific sales force execution. And again, it's been a three-year story. My only caution on trauma is really being able to maintain 15%, 16% growth quarter after quarter for years is just challenging. The law of numbers at some point you would think would start to catch up with you and just moderate the growth rate. But I have every confidence we will continue to grow above market and we demonstrated that most likely in the first quarter. Of course, not everybody has reported yet, but we feel that's a very strong showing.
Kevin Lobo: I would say it's mostly volume. There is obviously some mix when you launch innovative products. We just had a limited launch of our 3D-printed interbody device and we're getting fantastic feedback on that. And that obviously sells at a price premium. So there is a mix of components as well, but I would say it's mostly volume. And it is volume coming from the products that most of which we launched last year. We launched a slew of new products and those are being well adopted in the marketplace. I would say price continues to be pressured. Spine is the most pressured pricing division within Stryker and we believe that our price is roughly in line with the market. So the fact that we're growing above market now I think is four quarters in a row is really driven by a renewed focus on launching products and having great sales force execution. So I believe we will have another strong year just like we did last year in spine in 2016.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. So we have a division within Stryker called Stryker Performance Solution which has consulted with over 100 hospitals the past three years to improve service line performance, including areas directly impacted by bundled payments. So through these engagements, we've developed deep insight into the profitability and opportunities that hospitals have within orthopedics. We were also granted convener status by CMS last year as part of the bundled payment BPCI program. And we're actively taking risk with five institutions across multiple hospitals on the payment bundling, managing over $55 million in episode spend. With CJR, third parties like us are not allowed to operate as a convener anymore with the Medicare program. But our Stryker Performance Solution is still providing consulting services to hospitals to help them address the challenges of managing the bundle. So we have a lot of experience. We're continuing to help and consult with our customers. And what I tell you is the initial focus is really much more on the post-acute care. That's where the majority of the cost of the procedure is and the biggest opportunity in the short term is addressing post-acute care. But having this division which is headquartered in Chicago, has been a key asset for us. We have a lot of insights into the economics of the orthopedic service line and how to help our customers address this new world.
Kevin Lobo: No, I wouldn't describe any of the change in Q1 to the CJR. Keep in mind that CJR is not impacting a large portion of the procedures, at least in the short term. It doesn't include Medicare Advantage, it doesn't include Medicaid, it doesn't include commercial payers, it doesn't include the hospitals that were already signed up for the BPCI program. So it's obviously certain MSAs that are required to participate, but it's very small and there aren't any penalties in the short term. So I wouldn't get overly concerned about this. It's not a new thing. Bundled payments have been around for a while. They are not brand-new. It's now mandatory in certain MSAs, but I don't really see that as a catalyst to changing behavior in any meaningful way, at least not in the short term.
Kevin Lobo: No, I would say no. I think our order book is really strong for robot sales and our procedure growth was very robust, both in UKnees and in hips. And that's not new, the hip procedure growth was very strong in the back half of last year. So no, I would not say that there was some kind of change in behavior. We're really seeing continued growth and I am very bullish on our MAKO business.
Kevin Lobo: I think we're going to continue to see strong performance in the U.S. Obviously, this was a very big quarter, but the real genesis of this is fantastic product pipelines. We have across our businesses, very, very good condition of our pipeline with many new launches that are just starting, launches that started in middle of last year. So having healthy product pipeline is always great and that leverages our best asset which is our sales forces of Stryker which really know how to execute. And we have health across our divisions. And that wasn't the case a few years ago. We had a few divisions that were a little bit softer. We now have strength in our endoscopy with our new camera. We have strength within our neuro-powered instruments. We have the human stroke market taking off, we have a strong pipeline within spine. You are seeing the 3D-printed implants taking off. So really across our portfolio, we have very strong pipelines. So that isn't a one quarter thing. I think we will continue to see strong performance through the course of the year. And we continue to spend very robustly in R&D, so we have a cadence of new products that will continue. And so I really believe this is sustainable. We will continue to perform very well in the U.S. It's not a one quarter thing.
Kevin Lobo: So I break it into three categories. I would say that the slowest impact and the greatest negative impact to us has been in the capital equipment. Then next would be spine and trauma which is -- a lot of that is tendered type of business where we've seen the distributors really had loaded up and are bleeding their inventory. And then the least negatively impacted would be in the hip and knee category which has a lot more cash pay and so the cash pay market is the least impacted. So I put it in those three buckets and obviously, it's all negative with varying degrees. With capital being the most negative, spine trauma second and then hips and knees last.
Kevin Lobo: We would normally report that if we had a cervical disc which we don't right now. That would be reported in our spine business, not in our trauma and extremities business. And right now, our spine business is doing really well. We're launching many, many products. We don't feel that we have to have a cervical disc at the moment to be able to drive growth. It's something we will look at, but at the current time, we don't see that as an impediment to having strong growth in our spine business.
Kevin Lobo: Sure. We still have significant capacity to do extra deals. So we had a one-notch downgrade from both S&P and Moody's and if you look at S&P, we went from an A plus to A rating. We're committed to maintaining investment grade, but there's obviously a large gap between A rating and the low end of investment grade. Keep in mind that the vast majority of the deals we do are small tuck-in deals. That will continue to be the case for Stryker. That is where we drive the most value and we find great technologies that we can give to our fabulous sales forces to drive. So you will continue to see -- those will be the majority of deals, but we still have significant capacity to do more M&A and I would say all of our businesses have embedded BD people. We have not told them to slow down at all, so they are continuing to scour the market to look for opportunities that will add value. And we won't hesitate to pull the trigger on new deals if we believe they will be value-creating for Stryker.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, we've seen in the spine market, whether it is small players or larger players, innovation drives growth. And innovation is what takes market share. And our innovation engine is alive and well in our spine business and that's what's caused us to grow above the market.
Kevin Lobo: So certainly, we have a terrific navigation business unit. That is within our instruments business and so we're very well aware of how that procedure gets done, whether it's with navigation or not. That continues to be a growth area for us, both the neuro and spine market. But we're in the next few years really focused on hip and knees with MAKO. We have a lot of work to do to get the Total Knee. We think that is a killer procedure. I think if you look down the road, five-plus years, certainly spine could be an area of interest. Hip arthroscopy could be an area of interest. Shoulder could be an area of interest. So there are many areas -- I think robotics will be a growth area for many, many years to come. But first things first, we really have to focus on hips and knees and that's where our attention will be for the next few years.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, no, we're seeing a very stable market. Just look at demographics, every day in the 10,000 people over 65, more and more people are talking to friends that have had hip and knee replacement. The results are fabulous. People want to be active. So actually, we're seeing a lot -- certainly we see this with the UKnee with MAKO. We see a lot of young people going in for surgery, that wasn't happening before. You are seeing unemployment is a great proxy. When we see unemployment come down, we tend to see a lot more joint replacement, specifically knees. So hips really hurt, even when you lie down at night. Knees, you can defer and so we see that as a very good proxy. That is much more of a proxy than anything to do with ACA. So we really believe we've got a stable market that will continue to be stable for not just the next quarter, but for the next year or two years. And demographics is a key part, patient awareness is a key part and people wanting to be active. A lot of people want to be active and so we don't really see -- from a demand or volume standpoint, we don't see any headwinds right now. And frankly, the lower unemployment is a little bit of tailwind.
Kevin Lobo: So we really believe MAKO is going to improve outcomes. If you have consistent, reproducible product placement, less soft tissue damage, you need less rehab for your patient, they are more satisfied -- that's going to win in the market. So it's irrespective of the type of payment, whether it's a single-payer system, like in France, a two-tier system like in the UK or whether we're now -- it's a bundled payment system. So the method of payment is less interesting to us, frankly. If we deliver value and prove that value, we will win in the marketplace. And frankly, when you look at a bundle, again, the implant price and even with the robot, if you factor in the robot. And that is still not the majority of the procedure cost. So there's a lot of room to optimize beyond just the implant and we really believe if we deliver that excellent experience and they have better outcomes that we will be able to win in the marketplace.
Kevin Lobo: So first of all, we're just starting with hip and knee in bundled payments. And I think Medicare is going to be looking at high-volume procedures and moving them into the bundle. Total ankle is a very small part of the total market. Fusion is still the standard of care. Ankles are growing very fast, but from a very small base. So I really don't see this hitting the radar screen, at least not for few years for Medicaid. They've got a lot of other procedures they are going to focus on. I do believe bundled care and bundled payments will increase. It's a good thing for the overall healthcare system, it will address a lot of costs that need to be reduced. Frankly, in the case of hip and knee procedure, there is an over-prescription today on the post-acute. There's a lot of costs and we've seen when we work with hospitals on their service line profitability, that is the area that we tend to focus on the most. So I think we're a long way away from bundled payments having a big impact on total ankle. And frankly, it's a better outcome. So fusion is -- was standard of care in some of the joint replacements a long time ago and that's been replaced by total prosthesis and total ankle will be a better outcome. Of course, like everything in healthcare, finding payments and getting procedures reimbursed always goes through its ups and downs, but if you have a better outcome, eventually, it will get paid. So I don't really see a headwind for that, at least not in the next few years.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. And as it relates to product launches -- so we have a number of products that we've talked about, like the signature line of neuro-powered drills that haven't had a full-year impact. But we do have our -- a Neptune 3 launch that is upcoming which is the main waste management product within instruments. That is coming in the middle of the year. That will be a contributor to growth, but I would say it's just a continuation. The camera launch was December. It really was mid-December of last year, the 1588. We're getting great customer feedback, so that will continue going into this year. Sports medicine is launching a number of products. Spine -- the 3D-printed implant -- the interbody device, great feedback, but a very small number of surgeons put those in in the first quarter. So we will expand that launch over the course of the year. So I wouldn't point to one single product. It is just typical of Stryker. We tend to have our growth spread across a wide variety of products, but there are a number of products that will contribute to the growth rate. And obviously raising after one quarter, we have confidence that we will be able to sustain this level of growth.
Kevin Lobo: So thank you all for joining our call. Our conference call for the second quarter 2016 results will be held on July 21. Thank you.
Katherine Owen: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will focus on providing an update on MAKO along with the two larger M&A deals we recently closed on, Sage and Physio-Control. With respect to MAKO, we sold seven robots during the quarter globally which is in line with the same period a year ago. As many of you know, capital sales tend to be the strongest in the fourth quarter and also can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. We're highly encouraged by order trends which reinforces the growing interest and demand for the MAKO robotic system, fueled by the expanded indications and planned launch of the Total Knee system, where we continue to target full commercial rollout in 2017. There is no change to our launch plans for the Total Knee which will focus throughout 2016 on working with key opinion leaders to optimize the training protocol and gather observational data that will help to frame the anticipated benefits, all of which will ensure a strong podium presence at key orthopedic meetings as we move throughout 2017. In Q1, we're also encouraged by the robust procedure growth in both partial knees and hips using MAKO.  Turning to the recent M&A activity, in early April, we closed on both Sage and Physio-Control which will be integrated into our medical division. Starting with Sage, our focus will be to ensure the continuation of strong double-digit top-line growth that the Company has had a long history of achieving. With their market-leading product portfolio, focus on clinically supported innovation, product ease-of-use and strong sales support, we believe Sage can continue to drive both market expansion and share gain in the prevention of hospital-acquired conditions. Given our existing global footprint which includes strong and broad sales and marketing support, we believe that over time, Stryker can help drive adoption of the Sage portfolio outside the U.S., where revenue to date is limited as the Company had historically focused its investment in the U.S. market. Regarding Physio-Control, we believe we have significant opportunities over time to drive both sales and earning synergies, given our combined presence in the pre-hospital setting. In the near term, both businesses will operate largely independently, with a focus on their respective 2016 target and planned key new product launches. Importantly for both Sage and Physio-Control, we have identified and put in place a highly experienced integration team which, given our BD history, should help ensure a smooth integration. As we move through the first 12 months post closing of both Sage and Physio-Control, we will provide you with the pro forma quarterly growth rates for each to help provide visibility regarding our execution and their top-line contribution. There is no change to our previously announced expected accretion from both these transactions to adjusted EPS in 2016 and 2017 of $0.07 and $0.15 to $0.18, respectively. With that, I will now turn the call over to Glenn.
Katherine Owen: Yes. So within neuro tech, the bulk of the revenue is still from the hemorrhagic side and we continue to launch next generation of the coils, different sizes, different shapes and continue to launch into additional geographies. And we're the market leader in that segment of the market. We do have a flow diverter on the market outside the U.S. It's in clinical in the U.S. We're probably still a year or two before U.S. market launch of that product, but that will clearly be an important product launch, given that they have captured a portion of the coil market where they are applicable. And then continuing to invest in ischemic stroke, although candidly a lot of what's going to have to happen over the next few years in the ischemic segment has more to do with market development, as Glenn mentioned in his comments. On MAKO, nothing that I would bring up to suggest that placements will get harder and if anything, the economic and value proposition associated with the robot as we move toward full commercial launch of the Total Knee indication only gets greater. So we expect to see continued strong demand. As we've talked about, this year is really focused on training. So that's going to be to ensure an optimal rollout and to make sure the initial user experience is as positive as it can be, but we would assume continued momentum. And as I mentioned, we're really pleased with incoming order trends.
Katherine Owen: Yes, I would say obviously pricing is still negative. It is modestly less negative coming in at 1.3%, but we're still very close to the 1.5% to 2% range. So we wouldn't call out anything significant that is indicative of a change in the overall pricing dynamic. Typically consolidation helps, but again it's still negative. We have seen it vary quarter to quarter. Sometimes it's trended above. Fortunately, more recently, it's been trending on the lower end. I would say the outlook seems very stable and really no new dynamics that we see putting further pressure on pricing.
Katherine Owen: I really think the way we're best positioned to help our customers is going to be through some of the insights that we've had, having this division now for a number of years within Stryker and understanding the economics. And the focus on post-acute care, given that eats up the bulk of the cost when you are looking at an episode of care. So we're able to work with them in that regard. But I wouldn't say there is a unique product offering that facilitates or is advantageous in the post-acute setting, if I'm understanding the question correctly.
Katherine Owen: Recognizing there's always integration that has to happen, so I don't want my comments to be construed as exact targets for every quarter. But overall, Sage has a long history of sustaining very strong double-digit growth. And our goal, as I mentioned, is to make sure we do everything to continue to support them and over time unlock more of the opportunity outside the U.S. Physio-Control is embarking this year on a hefty new product launch cycle that will go for the next two years. So I think your estimations are a good place to be thinking about and again, we will be very transparent. We're going to give pro forma revenue performance for each business, respectively, for the first 12 months. So you will be able to see very clearly how they are growing relative to the prior-year base.
Katherine Owen: This will be much more building the market, much the way Sage did in the U.S. They really were -- is a driving force behind the innovations that allowed solutions to many of these hospital-acquired infections. These very elegant, easy-to-use solutions with demonstrated clinical data that shows when they are routinely used and they can significantly limit the occurrence -- the same conditions, hospital-acquired pneumonia infections, are prevalent around the world. It just was not an area they focused on, given their initial investment in the U.S. market. So this will be market development. It will be using the sales force as they do to help drive that, but it's -- very much the same conditions exist, but it will be much more about market expansion which is why we say over time, this is the value we look to unlock and it's not something that's going to occur suddenly in 2016. This will be a multiyear process to really start to drive awareness and adoption.
Katherine Owen: So we provide top-line and earnings guidance. We don't provide specific margin guidance, although as Glenn noted on the call, while the magnitude of the year-over-year increase in gross margin won't continue, we should continue to be at the Q1 levels for 2016. But we haven't given specific guidance. We do expect margin expansion that is inclusive of the deals as they closed in early April, but beyond that and the -- upward to the targets today, there is nothing additional.
Katherine Owen: So we're really pleased with our result, particularly our U.S. performance, in both hips and knees. At this point, with the largest player having not yet reported along with other competitors in the market, it's very difficult to make any kind of call with conviction around market growth. So clearly, we will have a much better sense as additional numbers roll in where the overall market growth is, but we feel very comfortable in the U.S. that we grew at the high end, if not above the market, but we will have to wait to see how numbers come in to get a general sense of whether there's been any type of acceleration. Keep in mind in recon, you really have to look at rolling four quarter trends because growth rates can vary quarter to quarter. So I wouldn't want to read too much into an uptick in growth to the degree we see one in the first quarter, because it may not be indicative of a trend line.
Katherine Owen: Yes, this is obviously gotten a lot of focus of late. I would tell you we do not believe that CMS's intent is to reduce utilization. It's really rather to ensure that each patient has access to their most appropriate care. There has been the speculation, but of some type of step-function reduction in volumes as higher-risk patients are increasingly denied surgeries. We believe that it's unlikely. We do think based on all the work we've done through SPS and obviously our presence in recon that surgeons are going to continue to look to optimize treatment for higher-risk patients. They do that today and this will include managing their post-acute care which can vary. So they have and are going to continue to treat all types of patients. The data clearly shows hip and knee surgery has a very high long term success rate and significantly improves quality of life. And that's for all patients, not just the healthiest ones. So we're not expecting some type of significant change, but rather we do believe they are going to look to find the optimum ways to treat these patients, including the post-acute care regimen.
Katherine Owen: Yes, we think overall, the market might be modestly improving. But again, it is very difficult today because we're one of the earlier companies to report results. So we will have to see how all the numbers come in and it is also is going to vary by company which segment of the market more of your products are weighted towards. So overall, we've been launching a number of new products, we've talked about the investments we've made over the last couple years in the R&D pipeline and we think this is mostly indicative of us gaining more market share back.
Katherine Owen: Sure. So much of the data you are looking for, we're going to be able to track once we go into full commercial launch. And it is going to vary by surgeon. A really high-volume surgeon doing hundreds of knee replacements a year is going to -- this is going to be time additive. For the lower-volume surgeon, they are going to get much closer to time neutral. But it's also why we wanted to spend our time on the training protocol to really look at ways that we can optimize this with this first-generation product. The other key is this is not just about time. We believe we're going to truly improve the patient experience. We're going to have a more reproducible surgery, because there tends to be tremendous variation, particularly with lower-volume surgeons. We think we can improve muscle disruption and things that add to the fact that close to 30% of knee patients are dissatisfied with the procedure. So it's really not just about time, it is truly about having an experience that is better for the surgeon, better for the patient and over time, we believe the outcomes data will support that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, I think if you look at our gross margin, we really benefited from a positive mix relative to U.S. and international. And then even relative to newer products over some of our older products, if you look at the 1588 and the signature drills that were sold, those sell at largely premiums. And then finally, we also continue to see sort of our stalwart product, knees, trauma, our ischemic stroke and coil products continue to sell fairly robustly, too which help lift the overall margin up.
Glenn Boehnlein: No, I think the inventories up were just -- it's reflecting what we're planning for the rest of the year in making sure that we're able to satisfy customers. And as far as the gross margin goes, we expect that we will continue to see this kind of trend throughout the year.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, the biggest thing that we really we can't necessarily control the timing of is really the Rejuvenate payments that we made related to the recall. So we made a payment of $0.1 billion in Q1 and don't expect that based on what we've seen in the past that that could necessarily repeat itself throughout the year.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, in Q1, we started some of the spending that is going to be required for our deployment of our new ERP system. And so that is the big thing that kind of stuck out in the cash flow.
