Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments followed by Preston with an update on the Wright Medical integration. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A. Please note that our press release contains our results versus both 2020 and 2019. For this call, our commentary will be based on our performance versus 2019, which we believe provides a more relevant point of comparison. For the quarter we posted organic sales growth of 9.3% reflecting growth versus 2019 for all our major businesses. This strong result was driven by standout performances from neurovascular, Mako, emergency care, sports medicine and our U.S. shoulder and total ankle products. Each of these posted very strong double-digit growth. International organic growth outpaced the U.S. 14.2% despite COVID challenges in some countries. We posted double-digit growth in most regions, including excellent results in South Pacific, China, Canada, South Korea and many countries in Western Europe. We were also pleased to see the continued rebound in elective procedures as both hips and knees saw quarter-over-quarter sequential improvement and both returned to growth. Also now that we have a fuller appreciation of Wright Medical, we are delighted to have it within the Stryker family. With our first half organic growth of 7.1% combined with continued recovery of elective procedures, a strong order book across our capital businesses and new product innovations, we have increased confidence in the full-year outlook. This is reflected in our upward narrowing of organic sales guidance to 9% to 10% compared to 2019. Our sales performance carried through the rest of our results with strong margin performance and adjusted EPS growth and cash flow conversion of over 100% in the quarter. Through the remainder of the year, we do expect a discipline increase in spending to support our future growth expectations. Our bullish sales outlook combined with ongoing execution on margins and continued progress on Wright Medical integration has resulted in a raised full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $9.25 to $9.40 a share. I continue to be impressed with the resiliency of our people and culture, which positions us well for successful 2021 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Preston.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, thank you Bob. First on the hip and knee, what we're seeing is really a gradual increase we've seen throughout the year of return of elective procedures. These are deferrable procedures that need to be done at some point. And yes, with the Delta variant we are starting to see pockets of disruption, but overall the hospitals are very capable of being able to deal with this. And we're seeing in markets like Latin America and other markets the situation is actually improving. So overall, we know there is going to be some disruption and that is baked into our guidance, but we believe with the momentum that we have across not only our implant business, but as well as our capital businesses and we feel pretty confident enough to raise the bottom end of our full year sales guidance. As it relates to Neurovascular, if you look at that business we had an outstanding first quarter. It was around 27%, so this is 30%, so it's not really a huge acceleration. I would say, we really have a great product cycle going on right now across flow diverting stents, ischemic stroke, or hemorrhagic coils, our aspiration catheters. So we really have the bases covered and we're having fantastic growth really globally, including terrific performances in Asia Pacific. So I do expect that we will continue to have very strong performance throughout the rest of this year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks for the question. Robbie, as you know, Q3 tends to be seasonally our softest quarter, but I would assume that this year's seasonality will be very similar to what you've seen in prior years, and the talk about vacation, I've heard some of those comments. I really think that's noise, and then really that could delay maybe a procedure from one month to another month, but likely within the same quarter. So I expect normal seasonality, as you've seen in prior years.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thank you Robbie. So first of all, sorry, Chris, thank you Chris. First of all, I would say that the total ankle business did very well in the second quarter. As you know, the rest of foot and ankle is much more discretionary. The podiatric volumes are coming back, so it was certainly a better quarter in Q2 then Q1, but it is lagging a little bit, just like we're seeing with spine and with hips and knees, it is a bit more elective those foot medical procedures, but I'm very pleased with the stability of our sales force, the leadership that we put in place and as elective procedures comes back we do expect that will continue to grow. It was a market improvement. We're not seeing the kind of disruption we saw early on with K2M through that integration. So I'm very bullish on Wright overall. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, delighted to have this company within our portfolio. I think I have a deeper appreciation, we knew it was a good company when we acquired it and frankly I think it's even better than we thought.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I mean, as you mentioned Mako continues to be very strong and so that was one of the businesses for sure over the last 12 months really we've seen continued strength. So that's why you won't see necessarily that same sequential improvement that we're seeing in some of the other businesses. With regards to bone cement, of course that's an area that has been declining, was certainly impacted by the pandemic and so we'll be a detractor as we think about that overall category. We don't really provide a breakout of those, but just thinking about in terms of Mako continuing to grow and offset by some declines from a bone cement standpoint.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, so first with regards to your question on the deferred backlog, we don't have a specific number. I mean, there's a lot of variables that are going into trying to figure out what that is. What we do know is certainly over the last year that we haven't had the same level of procedures that we would have expected to as a result of the pandemic, and so it's super hard to predict exactly which percentages of patients that are back are from that different backlog or that are new patients. What we do know is that surgeons are continuing to try to work through as many patients as possible, finding different opportunities to add capacity into the scheduling or into their opportunity to perform those procedures. And so we don't expect that we're going to see any sort of outside growth figures that happened in any one particular quarter or month, but that's something that we expect that we're going to be working through this backlog over the next several quarters. So we expect it to be a tailwind for us really over the next several quarters and into 2022 for sure. What you think about is thinking about your other question with regards to Wright Medical, the cross selling component is something that, as I mentioned, is we're pleased with the start of that. It's early in the process. We're expecting that as you mentioned to continue for the rest of this year and into next year. We haven't provided a specific size of that opportunity, but it's baked within the overall guidance that we've provided for the overall combined trauma and extremities business, which as I mentioned we expect to grow at least 6% compared to 2019. That also does include the synergy component as well.
Kevin Lobo: Thanks Vijay. No we have not seen really any change in utilization post pandemic. The gating factor really is being able to do the procedures and having the flow of the patients related to overall hospital operations, but so far we haven't seen any change. We are seeing a lot more demand for Mako in the ambulatory surgery centers. As you know, a lot of volume is starting to shift towards surgery centers and for us it's been a real tailwind. Our ASC offense is performing extremely well. And so there are a larger percentage of our Makos that are going into surgery centers, but that's been the only dynamic we've seen change. No real change in their procedure utilization.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I'd just like to add one comment, so as you probably are hearing across not just med tech industry but broadly, there is pressure on raw material input costs, and I'm delighted with the way that our organization has been able to offset those with a lot of other savings initiatives, efficiency initiatives, and purchasing initiatives which has been kind of in the works for the last couple of years, but we've really built tremendous capabilities now. Something I haven't been able to speak about frankly in prior years, but we really have the organization humming right now, and so we are able to offset some of the challenges that others are experiencing, and we're also experiencing with electronics and some certain components and feel really good about our supply chain resiliency.
Kevin Lobo: Yes Joanne, the right way to think about it is, we have virtually everything they need for an orthopedic surgery center from building out the suites with the booms and the lights and the room design, to the operating table, to the beds and stretchers that are required, to the power tools and the flight helmets that they wear, all the implants from foot and ankle procedures, all the way to shoulder, including hips and knees, sports medicine procedures. Just think about our portfolio it absolutely covers the gamut of what they need in those surgery centers. So that really makes life easy for an operator in ASC to be able to contract with one company to cover such a huge portion of the procedures that are being done. So our portfolio really lines up beautifully for that. We also you may have read recently that we have this deal with conformance that we worked on a couple years ago. We have started launched our first few cases of a very, very simplified streamlined offering that provides less sterilization, we call it kind of a knee in a box. The official name of it is Triathlon AS-I with personalized cutting guides for the procedure. And so that was designed specifically for the ASC and that's now launched, but frankly a few years ago we didn't realize that Masko would be popular in the surgery center as proving to be. So we now have both said that we cannot, because some surgery centers won't own have a robot, but yes it involves a huge portion of our portfolio across some of our MedSurg products as well as our implant businesses.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, Joanne, you're right. It is rounding the two-year mark on Wright Medical. However, we're only nine months into sort of the cash flow impact of buying Wright Medical. And so, as we announced at the time of the acquisition, we were going to focus on debt reduction and sort of tuck-in kind of M&A. And so that really is what we've been doing and you've seen it over the last nine months, we've paid down just, a little over $1 billion of debt this year. We'll continue to look for opportunity to do that as we move forward. But we're ahead of the schedule that we thought we'd be on for debt paydown, so that's good. And then honestly, our BD teams are working and looking at smaller tuck-in M&A deals, which we think actually provide the most sort of shorter term growth upside. And so we're excited as they bring us new deals to look at sort of in that kind of size and category.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks, Larry. Certainly our OUS business has picked up. As you saw in the pandemic, the U.S. business continued very strong on Mako, but our OUS business did slow down and that's ramping back up again. We are fully operational with both Japan and China on all three applications, same with Brazil, as well as Russia. And so Japan is really starting to accelerate, which we're quite excited about. China has started. We still have, it's a little bit behind Japan. Brazil, we now have our first few sales in Brazil, so that's probably one of the later ones, and Russia as well. So we're in the early stages in those four markets and the demand is very high from surgeons, which is exciting. Brazil was delayed a little bit by COVID, but we are starting to build momentum there as well. So it's very exciting. The surgeons, it's kind of taking us back to when we launched Mako total knee here in the United States. There's high demand for it and you should expect strong performances in the quarters ahead.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, no problem. Just want to make sure that was clear. I would say there's really no need for us to be in general surgery, robotics. As you can see, we're running a very good business at Stryker. It is a big market that has big growth potential, but it's something that like other adjacencies that are attracted to us be it areas I've spoken about in the past, like neuromodulation, or peripheral vascular, this is in an attractive adjacency. A pathway forward is not obvious and not clear at this time, but something we'll continue to look at, but it's not something we have to be in. But if the right opportunity presents itself, and we think we can build a strong business, we'll certainly make a move, but not obvious at this point.
Kevin Lobo: Sure, I won't speak specifically to guidance on gross margin or necessarily SG&A. I guess what I can tell you is that, as we look at gross margin, we probably would plan on more orthopedic business, maybe impacting that gross margin, but that will be dependent on continued ramp in those businesses. On SG&A, we aren't fully ramped in terms of what I would call a normalized spend. And so as we look to continue sort of fueling the growth, as we ramp back up, we'll probably see increases in SG&A over the course of this year.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, no we're not seeing any impact on implant choice, moving to the hospital outpatient, or even frankly to the surgery center. Thus far, we're seeing surgeons continue to operate with the same implants, regardless of which facility they're operating in.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks, Kaila. What I'd tell you is we're really excited about the upper extremities business, it was growing very, very fast before, the acquisition that's continuing to really sing, especially in the United States. And we've just launched a new product, which will provide extra fuel to the fire. And then on the lower extremity side, we knew that the foot and ankle was going to be a tougher integration, but it's going well. They're a little bit more elective, those procedures, but the total ankle is doing extremely well. So overall, the product portfolio is performing well. Our sales forces are integrating well. The U.S. integration is ahead of schedule. OUS is going to take a little longer and we knew that these countries take a little longer with the distributor arrangements that we have in place before they fully hit their stride. But if you recall, when we started the year, we said low to mid-single-digit growth on a combined basis, and we sort of moved it up to mid single and now we're kind of thinking it's really going to be six plus percent for this year. And you should assume if this continues, and the elective procedures on the lower extremities ramps up that we should have a very good year next year. And also our core trauma business is actually having a very good year as well. So overall feeling very good about it. We're not going to give guidance for next year, but I think you can tell by our total network feeling very optimistic about the future of our trauma and extremities business.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, Kaila, just as we think about spine in comparison to other ortho areas, we haven't seen a significant difference in that recovery. I think I've mentioned before, variability really being the key word and so again, it's just been different pockets of disruption and opportunity as well. And so, nothing significant that I would say that we've seen in terms of the recovery for spine, it's been different than what we've seen in our other elective areas.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, so in terms of underlying growth and we don't break out guidance in terms of as we think about spine, but we do expect that market and that business to continue to accelerate as the recovery happens in the back half of the year. With regards to robotics, I mean, we've talked about this before is of our key areas of focus for robotics and applications that are next. Spine is one of those and so we continue to move down that path with a couple of different options, looking at Mako, but also through our Mobius acquisition and the Cardan Robotics, some opportunities there. We don't have a timeline that we are sharing at this point and so it's something that we'll continue to update you on as we make progress in that area.
Kevin Lobo: No, nothing new to report at this point. I mean, obviously, it's still fairly new in terms of the acquisition into the organization. We still do believe in smart implants and smart devices and that they will have a role to play in orthopedics. And so as we -- same similar as with robotics, as we get further down that pathway, it's something that we will certainly keep you updated on.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, we have a very custom designed approach to selling to the ASCs. It is not something we have to elaborate on, on this call, but I would say it has required a different approach. And we're really excited about the way our offense is working in the market.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, well, expectations for us, I would say we expect Mako to continue to do very, very well. As you've seen, with other competitive entrants into the market, it only validates that robotics is here to stay in orthopedics and so we'd like our chances. We know we have an outstanding solution that delivers great results, which is why hospitals are buying their second and third and fourth Makos. And so we welcome the comparison. It's early days for them. And we just like the fact that robotics is going to continue to grow within orthopedics.
Kevin Lobo: Hey, Travis, thanks for the question. In terms of the VDP in China, it is something that's ongoing. We don't have any major updates at this point is we're waiting on feedback on the process. I think one thing to note, that you mentioned is certainly China is a smaller part of our business. And then as we focus on the products that are actually, potentially under the tenders, there's an even smaller component of our business. So just something to keep in mind as we think about the overall impact that could be coming from VDP on our business. So we expect to hear back something later in the third quarter. And at that point in time, we'll take a look at it. The one thing that we know is just based on the timing we don't expect it to have any significant impacts on our 2021 numbers. And so we'll continue to monitor and it will be something that we will contemplate as we go into 2022.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, I think the way things are playing out right now the dislocation is less than spine. Certainly, that's been our experience. It's been a pleasant surprise so far, and especially on the foot and ankle side where we had anticipated a bit more dislocation. And frankly, we have terrific products. And we provided really quick stability for our salespeople to know who their boss is, to know what their territory is. And so, we moved with more speed this time, learned some lessons from prior integrations. I would tell you that we think we're growing at least at the market, if not above the market, because you have to remember that at least 6% is for the full year, including a pretty depressed first quarter, right. So the first quarter of this year was not kind of a normal year as it relates to the extremities business at all. So to have that over the full year, at least 6% on a combined basis I think that's probably growing above the market and we'll see as the year progresses. Feeling very good about both our core trauma business and our extremities business.
Kevin Lobo: Well, it's been growing at that kind of rate for the last few years and this year, you are seeing an acceleration of growth. And what I would attribute it to is we already have fabulous coils, stent retrievers, we're already very, very good. But we've strengthened our portfolio with the flow diverting stent with the surpass of all stent, and with the 0.074, vector catheter, aspiration catheter, so that that for us was a product gap. We didn't have an easy to deploy, empty catheter approach for float diverting stent, and we didn't have a large for aspiration catheter. So we plugged those, let's call them product gaps. And we've had fantastic expansion around the world. And really, the Atlas stent in China, as an adjunctive stent for hemorrhagic is performing exceptionally well and this global business is really, really well run. We have an exceptional leadership team over there that have been executing very well, but I would say the acceleration; let's call it this year's acceleration versus prior years is really driven by this product cycle that really has us covering all of the bases with excellent products that are meeting the needs of our customers.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, so it was, we knew they had a good business. And we knew that their culture was similar to Strykers. But there's been some pleasant surprises along the way. Their talent is really excellent. And a lot of times when we buy companies, we buy them for their products. But then we have to infuse a lot of our management. They are a leader for upper extremities. They are a leader for lower extremities, are leading our businesses. Our head of knees came from Wright Medical. And so we've had an infusion of talent that for me has been a positive surprise. I mean, really outstanding leaders, their sales leader for upper extremities is outstanding and so that's been one positive. The second I would say is their key opinion leaders. They absolutely work with fabulous key opinion leaders on both upper and lower extremities. And I would say that they are better key opinion leaders than we had within Stryker. And so those are two really, to me pleasant surprises. And just the pipelines, we thought they were good, they turned out to be a little better than we thought and that really applies across the board. So there are certain things that you know, when you do a public deal, you don't get to do the same amount of due diligence as you do with a private acquisition. And so those instincts, we had instincts that things were going to be good, they are proving to be even better than we first thought.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, our primary focus was on the ASC, but there are a lot of hospitals that are concerned about sterilization and sterilization being sort of a constraint. And they'd like the less trays, they'd like less instrumentation they'd like less space taken up in their stockroom. So, I wouldn't say it's limited to the ASC's, but that really is out of the gates, let's say for the first six to nine months, that's our prime focus is going to be on the ASC because of their constraints on sterilization are the most acute, but I would say that there probably will be interest beyond that. But let's see that'll be more of a next year kind of commentary that I'd be able to get.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, thanks. Listen, we are big believers in enabling technologies. We obviously have that with Mako. We did the Mobius acquisition and we're very excited about the imaging aspect of that. We do have a gap in spine robotics and we do believe that the first foray, the two competitive systems on the market today are really - are really good guidance systems for the placement of pedicle screws, and but it's providing value to surgeons, and we definitely want to have something like that on the market, which was what Mobius was working on. And then beyond that, we think with Mako, we could get into other procedures and other applications. But robotics is difficult, so it's going to take time for us to develop those applications and we'll keep you posted. But we do, we are big believers in enabling technology and we're going to continue to invest in that space.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, listen, we don't have a big reveal at this conference. As you say we'll talk about the conformance product and we can talk about Triathlon AS-I, we have Mako, which is still going to be talked about quite a bit, especially with the new hip application that's starting to gain some steam, but still takes time to get that socialized more broadly. In addition to that, we have recent approval of the in space balloon for large rotator cuff repair within our sports medicine business, which is a very exciting product and a product used by sports medicine surgeons as well as the surgeons that do shoulder arthroplasty that come from Wright Medical. So that's also an exciting product, so as well as to perform Humeral product that Glenn mentioned earlier on with Wright Medical. So a number of new products, but it's really, frankly, an exciting time to get back with our customers at scale, not having that conference last year was certainly a gap and really look forward to engaging with our customers once again. And so that's really what we're going to be showing. It's not something brand new that we're going to be unveiling, but really more of just continuing the momentum that we already have.
Kevin Lobo: No, thus far, we're not seeing really any change in implant pricing. But we, what we are seeing is because of the capital requirement; we are seeing deals that involve multiple businesses of Stryker. We're seeing much more of that than we see in the hospitals. So the deals that we do typically involve four or five different businesses, and Stryker, whereas hospitals tend to buy product category by product category, but no real change on pricing.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, absolutely. So we're very pleased with smoke evacuation and what that business does for us, in terms of our ability to grow. As we look at it, we really look at ourselves as market leaders behind our broad portfolio, and it's one of those businesses that actually sits across a couple of different divisions, both within instruments and also within endo, our endo businesses. In terms of what our expectations are, I mean, we're really going to continue to expand that market continues to expand both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. really driven by legislation, and really the desire around a safer operating room behind smoke free operating rooms.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, listen, it feels good to be sort of getting back to normal. It isn't totally normal. There are these pockets of disruption. But I would say that surgeons are starting to fill up their schedules, they're taking meetings with us, they're coming to trainings. And so we feel like we're sort of almost getting back to the kind of rhythm we had before, you can see it in our guidance. I mean it is a pretty bullish guide, to say we're going to do 9% to 10%, organic, plus strong performance out of Wright Medical, which was an integration and pretty complex, involving the trauma extremities, as well as our joint replacement business, because those businesses used to be under common sales management, and we've pulled those out. And so to be able to do all that and have this kind of wind at our back is pretty exciting and I would say customers are ready to engage ALS. I think it will be a pretty big conference, and based on what I'm hearing, it will be fairly well attended. And I think those are great opportunities for us to be able to show the power of Stryker and what we can offer to our customers.
Kevin Lobo: I would say more of the same. If you look at that knee number, that's a pretty good knee number and that has been the killer application with Mako and Mako was very, very strong, as you saw through the pandemic. And I think that will continue to be probably the one business that stands out. I mean, obviously upper extremities is going to continue to be a very, very strong performer. But I would say that's the one that probably we're feeling continued bullishness, if you will, but there's not been really I mean any other new dynamics just in the last quarter.
Kevin Lobo: Thank you all for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our Q3 results with you in October. Thank you.
Preston Wells: Thanks Kevin. My comments today will focus on the second quarter performance of our combined trauma and extremities business, including an update on the ongoing integration of Wright Medical.  During the quarter our combined worldwide trauma and extremities business, including Wright Medical had a strong performance growing 7% compared to 2019. The performance in the quarter was driven by double-digit growth in our U.S. trauma and upper extremities businesses. The U.S. businesses were benefited by the recovery from COVID-19 related restrictions, which continues to outpace the rest of the world, as well as the ongoing execution of the U.S. selling integration. The trauma business unit was positively impacted by the reopening of economies and a continued strong performance of key products including T2 Alpha and the minifrac [ph] plating system. Our U.S. upper extremities business which remains number one in shoulder arthroplasty grew strong double-digits in the quarter behind continued strength within reverse arthroplasty portfolio with perform reverse and revision driving the growth. The upper extremities performance in the quarter was enhanced by the continued adoption of our BLUEPRINT planning software with approximately 50% of total shoulder cases completed using BLUEPRINT. As a result of the strong performance of our trauma and extremities business which grew approximately 5% in the first half of the year, we are confident in the combined business to grow at least 6% for the full year when compared to 2019. We are now about nine months into the integration of Wright Medical and we remain very pleased with the progress and efficiency at which the team is moving through the integration. The U.S. integration is pacing ahead of our expectations, and cross selling has begun in a limited capacity. We expect to continue to execute on our cross selling priorities during the second half of the year as we work to fortify the supply chain and the processes to support cross selling activities. Outside the U.S., the teams have successfully executed integration plans in several key markets, including the UK, Germany, France, Japan and China with further countries to follow into 2022. In addition to commercial activities, we are also executing on the integration of other operational areas including the consolidation of distribution and sales offices, harmonization of key operational processes and executing on our manufacturing site strategy. Within R&D, the team also continues to make progress on aligning the long-term portfolio, pipeline strategies, and harmonize design processes. While the team has moved through the integration, they have also remained focused on executing the critical existing projects in the pipeline. This includes the recent launch of the new Tornier Perform Humeral System, which offers clinical solutions for the simplest and most complex arthroplasty procedures and delivers on our mission to make healthcare better for surgeons and the patients they serve. With that, I will now turn the call over to Glenn.
Preston Wells: Hey Robbie, it is Preston. Just in terms of capital overall and we continue to see a pretty stable capital environment and if we've seen that really through the first couple of quarters and really evidenced by the continued strong sales in Medical as you'd said and also of course with our Mako technology. As it pertains specifically to Medical, so obviously we have the ProCuity Bed which I'll talk about in just a second, but we also have really strong performances out of our emergency care business. We've seen that in the last couple of quarters as well and so that continues to be very strong and it's just been an uptick there really in the in the U.S. and outside the U.S. With regards to ProCuity itself, the team is very pleased with how that launch has gone and started. We've really gotten a lot of awareness out there. We certainly have a lot of engagement from our customers, and we're starting to see building momentum in orders and sales in the U.S. and then starting to kick off that launch outside the U.S. as well. So we really expect that ProCuity is going to continue to be a driver for Medical really for the remainder of this year and as we go into next.
Preston Wells: Hey Matt, it is Preston. Just in terms of robots and mix, I mean one of the things that we identified approximately a year ago was that we were starting to see a bit of a trend towards financing. We haven't seen any significant changes in that approach or in that mix for the last year, so no big changes from a mix standpoint as we think about Mako and how we're selling Mako in the market. With regards to convergence, again we're still not seeing anything there. We've talked a lot about our excitement of a potential with Mako and shoulder, but nothing new to report in that area at this point.
Preston Wells: Yes man, nothing specific to report in that area. I mean, the one thing that we have seen throughout the pandemic is variability, and so certainly by geography and by area you're getting a lot of variability. So, again, nothing that I would I would specifically point you to in terms of our mix.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes I can't necessarily speak to our peers per se, but I will say, your question is maybe music to the ears of our GQO [ph] Group, and they have put a lot of focus in driving improved margins and also driving really good fixed cost leverage, and we will start to see that show up in our gross margins. We're still not guiding on gross margin, so I will say, we'll see that benefit but we will also see the benefit of mix come through which right now Wright Medical is a little bit of that influence that we're seeing on the margins. Offsetting those will be will be price, which typically is going to be the biggest thing. We'll still see that in the minus 1% range for the full year and we fully expect that that pricing impact will be roughly offset by a lot of that positivity that we are seeing and also the mix factor related to Wright Medical.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, so certainly OUS it's a much smaller business. I would say within the U.S. the tailwind of the shift to the ASC and RSC [ph] offenses, in addition to great cadence of new products has really fueled very strong growth. And we had a 20% growth in the first quarter in the U.S. in our sports medicine business.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes, sure. I think first of all, as a baseline if you think about a normal operating margin that was acquired through Wright Medical was, it was significantly less than say Stryker's normal operating margin. So if you think what have we worked on during this integration period, it was really pulling Wright Medical up and trying to look for all the synergies that we had built into our model, so that we could drive better operating margins at Wright Medical. I think fast forwarding into next year and looking at where that might look on a combined basis, I think we'll get back to our normalized, up margin expansion of 30 to 50 basis points. But at this point, that's a little ways away, and we're not really necessarily guiding for 2022.
