Kevin Lobo: Welcome to Stryker's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Glenn Boehnlein, Stryker's CFO; and Preston Wells, Vice President of Investor Relations. For today's call, I will provide opening comments, followed by Preston with an update on the trends we saw during the quarter and our annual Mako update. Glenn will then provide additional details regarding our quarterly results before opening the call to Q&A. As a reminder, as announced during our Analyst Day in November, we have reclassified our reporting segments into two groups: MedSurg and Neurotechnology and Orthopaedics and Spine. This better aligns to how our businesses are managed internally. We have also pulled out Neurovascular on its own line and have the business units of neurosurgical instruments, CMF and ENT now grouped under Neurocranial. As we have done all year, we will comment on our performance versus 2019 which we believe is a better basis for comparison. For the quarter, organic sales growth exceeded 6% versus 2019, driven by double-digit growth from our MedSurg and Neurotechnology businesses but offset by softer sales of our Hips, Knees and Spine as COVID and hospital staffing challenges had a meaningful impact on elective procedures during the quarter. We posted double-digit organic growth in international compared to 2019 as our globalization efforts continue to bear fruit and where COVID impacts were generally less severe than in the U.S. While our more deferrable businesses were challenged, we saw excellent results from our Mako robotic technology, capital products across our metric portfolio and continued double-digit organic growth in Neurovascular which reached approximately $1.2 billion in sales for the year. Despite the unanticipated Omicron variant, we were able to achieve full year sales growth and adjusted EPS within our latest guidance ranges. Our full year organic growth exceeded 7% and reflects strong demand for our Mako and MedSurg capital equipment and strong double-digit sales growth within Neurovascular and Neurocranial. In addition, we are very pleased with the Wright Medical integration, particularly in the U.S. Our full year adjusted EPS grew 10% versus 2019 and we delivered free cash flow conversion of 85%. The EPS growth was a strong result given the inflationary pressures that grew in the quarter and the COVID impact on our implant procedures. We continued to invest in R&D at a healthy rate of 6.6% of sales for the year and our new product pipelines are poised for continued success. Our strong cash flow performance provided us with additional flexibility to execute on M&A opportunities in the quarter, including Thermedx, a small tuck-in within endoscopy and the recently announced agreement to acquire Vocera. Despite the impacts of the pandemic throughout the year, we were able to surpass $15 billion, $16 billion and $17 billion in revenue for the first time. And we remain confident in the outlook for our business as the pandemic recedes. We continue to execute on our key growth strategies, including the expansion of our ASC offense, continued product innovation and category leadership across our businesses. Turning to 2022; the volatility caused by COVID variants remains ongoing and is further impacted by hospital staffing challenges and supply chain disruptions. In spite of this, we expect to continue to deliver above-market sales growth. However, given the pressures on our supply chain within MedSurg, we do not expect to deliver our typical degree of earnings leverage. We continue to be disciplined with our spending. However, we will continue to fuel new products with healthy R&D spending and will maintain our focus on above-market growth while we work through these cost pressures. As noted in the press release, we are guiding to 6% to 8% full year organic sales growth and adjusted EPS of $9.60 to $10 per share. As I conclude my comments, I remain confident in our strategy, talent and culture. I would like to thank our teams for continuing to persevere in these challenging times. I will now turn the call over to Preston.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, Joanne, this is Kevin. That's exactly the right way to think about it. We have terrific product pipelines. We have a lot of new products we're launching this year, including a new power cot, the Insignia Hip Stem, a number of foot and ankle launches, three launches in the upper extremities space. We have the in-space balloon. So a lot of new products but we're also gearing up for 2023, where we're planning to have a next-gen camera, a next-generation power tool, next-generation life pack. And as you know, these new products are really the lifeblood of our top line growth. So we are not going to slow down on the R&D investments. Of course, we'll look at the rest of our SG&A and be cautious just like you've seen us be cautious over the last two years. But yes, we are going to power through. But we do have a lot of tailwinds. We have a very strong order book and capital equipment. We're having a little trouble securing all the components to be able to ship all the products but we have a healthy order book. We have good momentum. And obviously, we need to ride out the COVID challenges. But yes, we are going to continue to invest for the future.
Kevin Lobo: For us, Knees has been really the engine of growth within our joint replacement business, if you look over the last two, three years. The combination of Mako and cementless is just so powerful that we've had a disproportionate growth in Knees relative to the market. In Hips, we have a gap with that hip stem which really -- the new stem that we -- we're just in early launch right now, the full launch will be at Academy, a bit at the end of the first quarter. That's really going to solve a gap in the direct anterior procedure. So I do expect that our Hip business will pick up. You're right that technically it's a little less deferrable but the mix, it's really the product portfolio that we have now which has favored Knees. It's not new in this quarter. It's been going on for the last couple of years. And we do expect our Knee business to continue to thrive. And we're excited about the new hip stem, especially when it becomes compatible with Mako at the end of the first quarter.
Kevin Lobo: And I'd just like to add that outside of large joints, we also have our sports medicine business. That's within endoscopy. It grew 30% in the fourth quarter. So that's a great sign of the overall success that Stryker is having in ASCs, that really terrific growth in our sports medicine business.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, this is really great to see; the growth in robotics. It's obviously creating a new standard of care. It's becoming expected. Residents are expecting this as they enter the workforce in orthopedics. And so we see the growth absolutely continuing. It's going to continue along the path that's been going on. I think we're going to see Hips potentially hit an inflection point with our -- with the launch of our new stem and start to really accelerate. So, we're very excited about the future. We think robotics is here to stay as you've seen this happen in many other industries. And so we do expect that the growth will continue. In the fourth quarter, we had an unusually high level of installs and competitive accounts, higher than normal. And we think that the fact that there are other entrants on the market is actually bringing more trialing of our systems and creating even more interest in Mako than there had been previously. So it's a tailwind for the industry and we're going to continue to ride that tailwind. And then as it relates to international, I would say we're still -- yes, thank you. I'll just continue on international. I would say we're still in the earlier phase of that as you've seen with other robotic technologies. It starts off here and then sort of expands around the world. We're still in early phases in Japan and in China and in Latin America but the growth is really starting to pick up there. The interest level is very high. And so I'm very bullish but it's going to take longer. It's a little slower the pathway there but it's just as exciting in the international markets.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Just to put a fine point on the Foot & Ankle. So it's really the forefoot procedures that are a little bit more elective and that's where a number of our launches will happen. The Total Ankle Replacement was actually terrific in 2021, really great growth and we're going to continue to have very strong growth in Total Ankle Replacement. It's really getting the forefoot procedures to come back to the office. And as that grows, we will continue to grow. And a lot of our launches are MIS products, specifically for forefoot.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, our flow diverting stent business has been really a strength for us and it's not really so much related to competitive activities, just getting surgeons trained on the product. As you know, the Evolve stent is newer in many of the markets. It's a newer launch and we still haven't launched it in all countries around the world but we're pretty excited about the product and it's been growing at a pretty healthy rate. And there was no -- I would say, no change or no inflection point related to competitive activity.
Kevin Lobo: I don't really get into that level of detail. What I'd just say is the mix -- we used to report the mix as roughly 50% to 60% in competitive accounts. It was well north of that in the fourth quarter. Now I don't know if it's just a one quarter issue or whether that will continue. There were a lot of accounts that were kind of waiting for other offerings to appear on the market. And once those offerings appear, then they would have trials. And in most cases, it was -- in some cases, I know it was the first robot. In other cases, it may have been the second or the third robot in those accounts. I don't have exactly that level of information. But it was higher than we've seen in the past. I can't say I was expecting it. It was higher than I expected. But I am expecting Mako to continue to grow and that's not new. It's just the mix was more competitive than we've seen previously. Now, we'll see if that continues going forward. But the order book for Mako as well as for the MedSurg capital is strong at the end of the year; so that tells us that momentum will continue into 2022.
Kevin Lobo: Actually, our capital order book is strong across the board. And in particular, beds had a terrific finish at the end of the year in terms of orders, a huge number of orders for our new ProCuity bed. So it's a new launch. It takes some time to go through the trialing process but we're extremely excited about our bed business. I think Glenn highlighted that in his remarks but the orders for our beds are very high, very strong. And we now have to build all the beds and make sure we have all the parts to be able to ship them all but we're very excited about the momentum; so it's broad-based. It's in our emergency care area, it's in Mako, it's in beds, it's in the Instruments division, the Endoscopy division, capital across the board is strong.
Kevin Lobo: Okay, great. Well, thanks. We'd like to sort of wait until we have something proven before we kind of talk about it. We are looking at femurs, in particular, cobalt chrome at different manufacturing processes for those. And once we're ready to talk about that, we'll share that. We have automated the beating that's used for the cementless part of the femur. We are constantly looking at different surface materials. But not ready to announce anything yet. I would say that the actual design of Trauson, we're really delighted with. As you saw, we came out with 3D printing, tibial baseplate, 3D printed patella to enable the cementless solution but not a fundamental change to the design. We came out with one millimeter inserts and we made other changes in, I'll say, modifications to make it easier to have a more personalized knee solution but not a fundamental redesign. So you shouldn't be expecting some kind of fundamental new design. But there will be things that we're working on that we'll be able to share with you on the knee side. Certainly, on the hip side, we have a new implant that we've talked about already earlier on that's fit for purpose for direct interior. We're very excited about that. We have a fabulous 3D-printed hip cup. But we do have instances where many surgeons are using our cup but they're using a competitive stem. And with this stem, we'll be able to convert all of their business. So that's very exciting for us. But on the Knee side, I wouldn't expect anything major new. We are working on things when we're ready, we'll be able to share that. As it relates to future applications, as you know, robotics are challenging. We're -- our main focus is really shoulder and spine right now. There are some skunkworks projects, looking at some other areas. But again, I don't want to start talking about those yet because they need to get more proven before we're ready to talk about it. In the areas of spine and shoulder, it's a matter of time. We are going to have robotic applications. But again, we don't have a time line right now but we have projects that are working on -- teams that are working on it and making very good progress.
Kevin Lobo: But it does vary by market. So in Australia, we definitely saw a big pickup as soon as they resume electives, the pickup is pretty swift. I would say the U.K. is similar. But then in other markets, whether it's Japan or whether it's Southern Europe, it's a little bit more gradual, the increase. So there isn't one answer but we do know is these patients are going to need their procedures. The pace of the recovery, honestly, is quite difficult to generalize because it does behave differently by country. We are expecting that there will be a pickup and we look forward to that.
Kevin Lobo: Yes, it's -- the international market certainly lagged the U.S. We had distributor contracts and arrangements that we had to get out of. And so we always plan for that to be a little later. And so we didn't have any -- the kind of results internationally that we did in the U.S. but that wasn't a surprise to us. And you will see a gradual pickup in the international markets. We're quite excited because, obviously, Stryker has a larger footprint internationally and really a better home for the Wright Medical products and that should be an engine of growth in the years ahead.
Kevin Lobo: Yes. Actually, for this year, I'm more concerned really with just getting great uptake with the stem, whether it's with Mako or without Mako. We've already done a limited launch. Feedback has been incredibly positive from surgeons in terms of the broaching of the implant, the size options, the experience that they're having is really terrific. So in this first year, the Mako utilization is less important to me than really satisfying the surgeon's need for this product and really getting into DA. And I expect the Mako number will continue to rise. It could hit 30%, absolutely. But more importantly is really having success with the stem both manually as well as with Mako. And the full launch we expect will be in the second quarter. So, we'll really start to see a bigger impact in the second half of the year, but there will be some impact in the first half but much more towards the second half of the year.
Kevin Lobo: So, thank you all for joining our call and for all your questions. As you can see, we had a very strong finish to 2021. We are working through the challenging environment right now. And you can see that the company is well positioned to fight through it. We are going to continue to invest for the future and make sure that as things improve in the environment that we're poised to capitalize on that and we look forward to sharing our first quarter results with you in April. Thank you.
Preston Wells: Thanks, Kevin. My comments today will focus on providing an update on the current environment, including the latest impacts of COVID-19 across certain products during the quarter. In addition, I will provide an update on Mako and recent acquisitions, including the continued integration of Wright Medical and the performance of our combined Trauma and Extremities business. During the quarter, hospital bed and operating room capacities were challenged because of the Delta variant early in the quarter and most recently by the Omicron variant which started to pressure elective procedural volumes in December. In addition, ongoing nursing staffing shortages disrupted hospital scheduling of procedural volumes. The delay in procedural volumes primarily impacted our implant-related businesses, including hips knees, spine and foot and ankle which can be, in many cases, deferred for a period of time. However, we know that most of these patients will eventually return to have those procedures completed as the impacts from COVID decline and procedural volumes return to more normal levels. Demand for our capital products was strong in the quarter, including double-digit orders and sales which created a strong order book for capital products. Despite the strong capital demand, there were some headwinds in the quarter that primarily impacted our Medical business, including installation delays caused by hospital staffing challenges and raw material shortages primarily related to electronics that created some supply disruptions. For the full year 2021 versus 2020, our global Mako installed base grew by 27% and we now have an installed base that is approaching 1,500 Mako robots. This continues to grow -- this growth continues to highlight the high demand for our differentiated Mako robotic technology. The strong double-digit growth also underscores our ongoing success installing robots in major teaching institutions, ASCs and competitive accounts, as well as our focus on expanding into international markets. In the fourth quarter, we saw a meaningful increase in the percentage of robots installed into competitive accounts. Turning to U.S. knee procedures. In the fourth quarter, over 50% of our total knees were Mako knee procedures, a trend that continues to increase and demonstrates the outstanding utilization of the Mako install base. The shift towards cementless knees also continued. And in the fourth quarter, cementless knees made up 47% of our U.S. knee procedures. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, over 25% of our total hip procedures were Mako Hip procedures which similar to knees, continues to increase in utilization. Our recently launched Insignia Hip Stem will also be Mako-capable by the end of the first quarter. We expect to further our leadership position in orthopedic robotic-assisted surgery through the continued adoption of our Mako SmartRobotics platform on a global basis. Shifting to our Trauma and Extremities business. We are now over one year into the integration of Wright Medical which continues to progress well in all regions and across all functions, despite the headwinds from COVID. Including Wright Medical, the combined U.S. Trauma and Extremities business grew high single digits in 2021 which exceeded our expectations. The full year growth in the United States was driven by strong growth in core trauma and double-digit growth in the upper extremities business which offset the COVID-related impact on foot and ankle. This strong result reflects excellent execution of the sales integration and the strength of the product portfolio. Finally, our dedicated divisional business development teams continued to identify and execute on meaningful acquisitions. As Kevin mentioned, we recently announced our agreement to acquire Vocera and enter the fast-growing digital care coordination and communications segment. We expect the Vocera acquisition to close by the end of the first quarter. During the fourth quarter, we also finalized the acquisition of Thermedx. Thermedx is an innovative developer and manufacturer of fluid management solutions and will allow our endoscopy business to improve surgical visualization across the women's health segment and advance the standard of care in the urology segment. We believe these and other acquisitions completed during the year will help us continue to drive above-market growth in the future. The overall environment remains uncertain as a result of the continuing COVID pandemic and we expect hospital staffing shortages, supply constraints and significant inflationary pressures caused by raw material shortages to persist throughout 2022. However, we believe that the underlying demand for our products remains strong and coupled with a robust order book for our capital products, gives us confidence in our ability to drive market-leading growth when the impacts of the pandemic subside. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Glenn.
Preston Wells: Yes. I mean, Robbie, we're not obviously guiding for the quarter. But certainly, as we think about the fourth quarter and how the fourth quarter ended with regards to the COVID variants continuing into January. So I think you can certainly think about it that way that there are some of those pressures from a top line standpoint that are certainly continuing at the beginning of the year.
Preston Wells: No. I think, Joanne, if the Mako numbers you're referring to are how we're continuing to utilize Mako as it becomes a bigger and bigger portion of our total knee business, I mean this is just a continuation as we think about what we've talked about over the last few years. So again, we expect this to just continue to grow as we think about the utilization both on knees and what we're now seeing on hips as well and then also as we think about cementless in the knee world. So we would expect that just to continue to go as we continue to place and install Mako's in different areas.
Preston Wells: Matt, it's Preston. So as we've talked about in the past, we talked about our Knees, in particular, being about 5% to 10% of our business being in the ASC. And as we've seen that continue to grow, as we came through the fourth quarter, we're seeing numbers that are actually reaching closer to that 10% number. So, we are seeing that shift happen. I mean it certainly is happening when we think about where patients are wanting to get procedures done. Certainly, as we think about our focus from our offense standpoint, as we think about the ASC, we are seeing the shift happen across our product line. So certainly, we expect that to continue to go. We've talked about that there is an opportunity for that to continue to grow over time. Certainly, there are capacity constraints as ASCs are built out that will allow that continue to grow faster. But that's a shift that was already started and we don't see that slowing down anytime soon.
Preston Wells: Yes, Pito. No, we are not seeing that at all. I mean what we've continued to see throughout the pandemic and while some of it early on was aided by some of the CARES funding and things of that nature, we are seeing strong balance sheets and we're seeing the continued need for capital products. Certainly, as we think about the capital products that we supply that are either lending towards revenue generating for the hospital, or towards safety and outcome for the hospital. So we're definitely seeing a continued strength in terms of the capital demand, especially for our products. I mean our order book, as we'd said, is really strong heading into the year and there's a lot of confidence given some of the products that Kevin even outlined earlier that that's going to continue throughout the year.
Preston Wells: Frank, it's Preston. So at this point, as we said before, with regards to both of those different platforms that we certainly have active projects that are working on them. They are key priorities for our development teams. But at this point, we still do not have a time line that we are sharing.
Preston Wells: Yes. So let me address your Spine question first. I think as we've said in general throughout the pandemic, it's just very hard to get a read on how share changes are happening given some of the COVID impacts and how they impact different things regionally also just in terms of where we are in the reporting cycle. It's very early. Certainly, with Spine, just like we saw with Hips and Knees, it was impacted from a COVID perspective throughout the quarter early on as we try to recover from Delta and then with Omicron coming in later on in the back part of the quarter. So not easy to say where everybody is going to shake out from that standpoint. But certainly, outside of COVID, outside of the staffing issues that we talked about as well, we are pleased in general with our product portfolio, including enabling technologies that we have in the Spine area. As we come back from COVID and as COVID abates, we would expect the growth to uptick in that area. And certainly, as we do with all of our businesses, expect to see growth on that business as we talk about year-over-year. With regards to Foot & Ankle. Foot & Ankle, the market is still a very strong market. It's one that we're very happy about to be in. But unlike other products within the trauma or even upper extremities, Foot & Ankle was much more impacted from a COVID perspective during the quarter. And we've seen that throughout the year. But certainly, as COVID abates in that area as well, we would expect growth to really drive there. And Kevin mentioned, we have several product launches that are going to be happening in that space as well that we're very happy about. So we definitely look for growth, certainly, as COVID is starting to abate a bit to really see the growth take off in that area.
Preston Wells: Yes. So just in terms of staffing, this is Preston. Just similar to some of these other headwinds that we talked about, the staffing challenge is a real one that certainly it seems to be much more pronounced in periods of high COVID infection rates. Obviously, as those nurses are either doing other things or in fact, impacted themselves from a COVID standpoint. So we certainly do expect the staffing challenge to remain throughout the rest of this year. But we are seeing hospitals try to find ways to deal with it, whether it's looking at traveling nurses or adjusting wages or even adjusting how they're scheduling to get through that. So while it will be a bit of a headwind, we certainly think that it's something that we will be able to work through. And as procedures return, we certainly expect to get the procedural volumes back to the levels that we would want them to be.
Preston Wells: Yes. So Matt, I think as we look at 2022 and as we enter the year, similar to what we've seen in 2021, I mean, there still continues to be a lot of variability with just COVID. And so if we think about how we've entered this year with COVID being pretty high in some places and while this variant seems to happen very fast and it seems to be peaking in some areas which is encouraging, what we can't predict is where the next wave is and what might happen from a next wave standpoint. So there's a lot of variability just as we think about COVID and then we add on top of that some of the challenges and the headwinds from a supply chain perspective. And it's not to say that there's a big bolus of supply chain issues that we have. But just in general, if we think about electronics and components and some of the challenges just with supply across all industries, that's certainly something that's out there in front of us as well. So there's just a lot of variability as we think about this year in terms of some of those top line aspects that is one of the reasons why we have that wider spread and maybe a little bit lower than what some others were expecting. That being said, as Kevin outlined, there are some really, really good tailwinds that we do have as we think about entering this year, whether it be our Mako installation base and how that's going to portray into future sales there. Also the new product launches that he's outlined. Of course, we have the Vocera deal that we're hoping to close this quarter as well. So there's a lot of positive momentum that we have across our businesses that we're going to take into this year and so we're really pleased with that. But just balancing that with some of those headwinds that I outlined as well.
Preston Wells: Yes. As Glenn outlined in the guidance that he went through, we do have some of that assumed in that spread that we have.
Preston Wells: So the impact is primarily impacting our Medical business but there are some smaller impacts that we're seeing on some of the other MedSurg-related businesses. As we think about Mako, as we entered into 2022 and the expected demand that we have for Mako, we feel comfortable where we are in terms of supply and any impacts on Mako are minimized at this point.
Preston Wells: Yes. Well, we don't provide guidance at that level. We don't expect the momentum that we've generated throughout this year to slow down as we think about our international business. And quite frankly, as Kevin has pointed out in the past, this is something that we've been building towards as we think about our focus on international markets. And so there's no reason to believe that, that will slow down.
Preston Wells: Yes. So I think it's a bit of a mixed bag. So there certainly are inflationary pressures that we're feeling as a result of the supply chain and just constraints on certain materials like electronics. But that is also, in some cases, leading to some delays in terms of getting some products out. So we do have a bit of a mix as we think about supply and certainly, the procurement team, the direct procurement team is working on actively securing as much as possible. But as Glenn mentioned, sometimes what that means is going outside of our contracts into spot buys and that's what's generating some of the larger inflationary impacts as we think about the guidance that we gave. Obviously, our goal is to protect our customer needs as best as possible as we go through this but there certainly is an impact on both the top and the inflationary pieces that Glenn outlined as well.
Preston Wells: So yes, Shagun, just back to your ASC question, as I talked about before, we do expect that transition to continue. In terms of a time line, I mean, I think a lot of it is just going to depend on how capacity is built and how we're able to continue to transition patients and surgeons to that setting. Certainly as we think about the ASC offense that we've created, we are here and actually helping to make that transition happen. So we certainly would expect our large joints to continue to make that shift as well. And I apologize, I forgot your second question that you had in there.
Preston Wells: So I would say that it's spotty. I mean I think just like how we thought about COVID throughout the last 24 months or so, you will, as COVID cases start to decline and as hospitals are able to get capacity up and running, we know they will. And so certainly, as that happens with this wave, we will start to see procedures picking back up in those areas as well.
Preston Wells: Yes. We continue to work through the international integration. I would say that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we continue to make progress in that space. And as we do, certainly, we should continue to see a pickup internationally as well.
Preston Wells: Yes, Danielle, you're right. It is a difficult thing to predict. And certainly, as we go back to 2020, I think you saw that big bolus pickup, if you remember how far down it was at the end of Q2. We certainly have not seen that same level of drop-off with these subsequent waves. So I think linear and gradual is probably the way to think about it, certainly muted a little bit by some of the staffing pieces. But I would say linear and gradual as we continue to come out of this recovery.
Glenn Boehnlein: Sure. Yes, Robbie, I think right now -- and obviously, you kind of see it because of the wide range of guidance we've provided, both sort of top and bottom. But our thinking is, is that the real pronounced impact that we'll have on top line and on gross margin will be in the first half of the year. We'll really feel the impacts related to that very pronounced in first quarter and lesser so in second quarter. And then we feel like things will start to stabilize by the time we get to third quarter and fourth quarter. But we do see real cost pressures, especially around our electronic components which go in many, many of our products, especially on the MedSurg side of the business. And the buying of those products is many times in a spot market where it's an auction process and we're paying significantly higher prices than what we normally would pay related to those.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Larry, honestly, that's the year-over-year impact to gross margins, not the isolated necessarily inflationary impact. That would include impacts from pricing pressures as well. Confidence that it will abate, I don't necessarily think that I have confidence it will abate. I think it will moderate is what will happen. I mean a lot of this pricing pressure is based on commodity pricing which is highly driven by supply and demand. I do believe that supply will catch up. We are securing bulk purchases of demand. So I think that will help us even out our utilization of it as well. And so I do think by the back half of the year, we'll start to see moderation of those costs.
Glenn Boehnlein: Okay. Yes, Matt, I think, first of all, at the Analyst Day, the guidance that we laid out was our long-term financial guidance. That guidance was specifically once we exit this kind of COVID environment which clearly in 2022, we are not in a position that we're exiting the COVID environment. Right now, just based on foundationally what is underlying those long-term financial plans in terms of what we have lined up for growth, how do we think about M&A, how do we think about our product portfolio and new innovation, I see no reason why we would change our thoughts around that long-term growth. Now if you work your way down through the income statement and say, okay, how are you going to finagle your EPS to get to that growth challenge number. I actually think in this year's growth number, if you look at the high end of our EPS, we're not far away from what we're asserting is our long-term challenge. I do think that once COVID abates, we will get right back on our cost improvement initiatives, especially around direct purchasing. I don't see that changing at all. Throughout COVID, we have kept up pace in our CTG initiative still, just in terms of focusing on shared service opportunities, looking at indirect purchasing opportunities. And so all those foundational elements are still in place. And I do have all the confidence to think that once we exit COVID that we'll get right back into that cadence of delivering that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Sure. As you think about operating expenses and I think Kevin emphasized this, we've protected R&D through this entire period. We just -- we know that's the lifeblood. We know we have to spend there. And so we have not backed away from funding those innovation initiatives from a people standpoint or a technology standpoint. And that's important and we won't change there. On the SG&A front, we've been a little more prudent. I think you've seen us be smart about our spending, be smart about, obviously, we're not traveling a lot, so we're not feeling that. I think as 2022 unfolds, though, I mean, a couple of things. Obviously, we'll continue to be prudent about hiring and bringing in costs but we will start to see those costs that relate to growth especially as it relates to interactions with customers, hiring sales forces, expanding territories, those types of costs will expand specifically in selling. Now that being said, we will continue to pressure G&A, corporate type spending and things like that to try to offset some of that. But that's kind of how those operating expenses will look throughout the year.
Glenn Boehnlein: Okay. I'll -- this is Glenn. I'll take the first one, on margin expansions. We specifically did not really guide on margin expansion just because there's a lot of volatility. I think we were trying to provide you with some good color around some of the pressures we were feeling especially on gross margin. We do expect that to be a little more pronounced in the first half of the year especially as compared to prior year. And that's the extent of the guidance that we'll provide on margin. Then I'll hand it to Preston.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. Jeff, yes, I think your -- the math is pretty obvious. I think if you take all the pieces. So, I imagine that your model probably will reflect that.
Glenn Boehnlein: Yes. No, great question. I think as we think about cash flow, we've really come a long way, especially from where we were in 2019 and especially a lot of the muscle and discipline that we've built around working capital management. So all of that will roll into this year 2022 and the benefits associated with that. I think there will be some spending that was somewhat muted and deferred in the past, especially around CapEx. And so right now, we're estimating approximately $650 million of CapEx. That being said, we generally target that 70% to 80% free cash flow conversion number. I know we've beaten that over the last couple of years but we've also seen reduced spending in a lot of areas that I think will start to pick up, especially as we exit this and kind of try to get to a more normal operating environment. So I think that's probably what we're targeting. There could be some variability depending on how COVID plays out through the year.
