Jeff Campbell: So gosh, I guess I don't particularly Sanjay see as above trend. What gives us confidence is looking at what has actually happened in our business over the course of this year. In the first quarter, you were clearly lapping Omicron. And that was, in some ways, I think, the last of the pandemic driven noise in our results. As you got into the second quarter, we have seen stabilization across geographies at a level that I would suggest is actually consistent with being in a pretty low growth economy. And what you're hearing from us is, with the kind of volume growth that you see this quarter, which we think has stabilized, which we think will continue, that is consistent with both the guidance we provided for this year as well as with our longer term growth aspirations. I would point out, at some point, the economy is likely to get stronger, but even with the economy in its current kind of low growth state, the volume growth that we're seeing now allows us to achieve what we have been committing to for six quarters.
Jeff Campbell: So I think it's an important question, Betsy. But if you really just look at this quarter, the thing I would point out is you do have some unusual noise in the service fees and other revenue line when you look at our Slide 12 in the slide deck. Because in the prior year, we had a complicated litigation settlement that drove some unusual movement in that line. What we're really saying is that we are in a low growth economy, but we -- it is consistent with the objectives reset if you maintain the volume growth that we have, and then combine it with the kind of consistent high growth in net card fees that you've seen right through the pandemic grew 21% this quarter. If you combine it with the fact that you still have customers rebuilding balances a little bit on the net interest income side. And you take the noise out on the service fee and other revenue side, you then easily get to a number that is very consistent in the back half of the year with what we've guided for the full year.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think the most important point to make there, Bob, is that we have a portfolio today that is more premium and stronger than what we had in 2019 and Day 1 CECL. That is why we added the additional disclosure this quarter around the small percentage of our portfolio that is in, so band (ph) where you do see challenges, and that's the FICO band below 660. So we feel very good about where we are from a credit perspective in this environment. I think we feel really good about the fact that when you look sequentially, you actually saw delinquencies flat. There is complexity in the CECL calculation when you try to do comparisons across companies. I did make the observation that the way and with the timing of how we do ours, we actually incorporated a slightly worse economic outlook this quarter than we did last quarter, sitting here on July 20. I think most people would say things have perhaps gotten a bit more optimistic in recent days. But we'll have to see how that influences things. At core, though, we feel really good about the product choices, the acquisition choices and the risk management choices we've made, which leave us confident that we will be below this year on credit metrics, all of the places we were in 2019. And absent some dramatic change in the economy, I think we feel good about what that means for 2024.
Jeff Campbell: Well, with the only color I'd remind you, over the course of the past year, Craig, we have talked about the fact that we have consistently made some adjustments from a risk management perspective. And I think that is part of why, as Steve says, don't see any change from an earnings perspective.
Jeff Campbell: I just can't resist adding Dominick, for something that grew in double-digits all through the pandemic has had really high growth rates last year. It is going to continue to grow to be an ever bigger part of our revenue [indiscernible]. And I think that is a key strength of the company. It really ties customers and engages customers with us and the product and is a critical part of the overall model.
Jeff Campbell: Don, you were cutting out a little bit, but I think you're asking about the CET1 target and Basel III. And the point I was trying to make is you need to remember a few things here. Our 10% to 11% CET1 target is actually more driven by our own (ph) view and rating agency views versus the regulatory constraints. Because our regulatory minimum has long been only 7%. That's the first point. The second point to remember is, we have a return on equity of over 30%. So our ability to quickly replenish capital whenever we need to without, frankly, taking more than a brief pause from share repurchase is very high. Third, I know there's been a lot of attention paid to different iterations of Basel, the Basel III end game, particularly around ops risk. I guess I'd also just remind people, ops risk is only one component. There are other components that probably have some positive and probably have some negative impacts on us. So I guess my -- but we'll have to see whenever the final rules come out. We've been waiting for them for actually like much of my tenure here. But they may come out hopefully later this month. And the devil is in the details here. But I think my overarching message is we don't see it as a material event for this company. Because it's certainly a possible outcome that there's no change in our target and even a modest change in our target with a 30% plus ROE is not going to have any material impact on share repurchase, or the trajectory of our EPS growth that we've laid out in the growth plan.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. And look, I mean, just look at consumer, right? I mean consumer in the U.S. is up at 10%. T&E is still very, very strong. We talked about travel bookings, travel bookings more than one month out are higher than they've been pre-pandemic. They are higher than they were at this time last year. They were higher than they were, obviously, in 2019. International is really coming back strong for us. And as we said, it's a fastest growing part of our business. And the other thing I'll point out is you just had -- you had a little hangover of noise from Omicron in this quarter because last year, you had a little bit of spending that was pushed from the first quarter to the second quarter. And if you look at -- if you go back and look sequentially last year was a huge increase sequentially quarter-over-quarter. So we feel really good about. I mean it's hard to apologize for record billings. And as Jeff said, it’s the billings we need to hit our growth plans. So we feel really good about it. And the other point I'll just reiterate again is that, look, we're in a low growth economy right now. We're still out there acquiring Card Members. Credit is really good. Our basis is changing in terms of more Millennials and Gen Z who will grow with us. And as the economy gets better, we expect the spending to pick up. So we feel really confident.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. I mean, from a T&E perspective, and I think you just have to listen to our friends at Delta and what Ed had said, I mean, they're seeing record growth. And for us, we're seeing -- as we have a line of sight to future bookings. And so when you look at sort of consumer T&E restaurant, not only is airline bookings up, but if you look at what's going on in restaurants in terms of Resy. I mean, restaurant is probably [Technical Difficulty] biggest segment that we have in T&E, because we have all other, but we'll wind up disaggregating that. Yeah, it grew 15%. And so we have really strong T&E growth and I think that people are just back traveling. And so the line of sight into what we see from Resy and the activity we see on Resy from a restaurant perspective, from the activity that we see in our consumer travel business, we feel really [Technical Difficulty] about that. As far as a small business and corporate, look, I think it's so about large corporate first. I think large corporate it's crawling its way back is the best way to describe it. It is a small piece of our business. It's about 5% of our business right now. It's an important piece of our business and we value all of the corporate relationships that we have. But as many of us know, the first step is to get people into the OS and then the second step is to get them out onto the road. And I think what you're seeing a little bit less of is those one as one-stop trips, that quick hop to London to meet with that one client or that quick sort of run across the country to have an internal meeting, you're seeing less of that. So I think that will continue to come back. We continue to be aggressive, obviously, at retaining those customers and aggressive acquiring new customers, but I think that's going to be slower. I don't think that's coming back as fast, which is a contrast consumer. As far as small business goes, I think when we look at small business, I think the biggest thing there from a small business perspective is really the organic growth. I think organic growth has slowed. I don't think that's an Amex phenomenon. I think that's a little bit of an industry phenomenon. And I think small businesses grew very, very rapidly. And I think they have slowed down. What we have focused in on from a small business perspective is making sure we're continuing to acquire more small business customers, continuing to meet the other needs that they have, which are some lending needs for existing customers and also their deposit needs. And so as we grow both aspects of those business, and as when they're ready to grow again, we'll be ready to grow judiciously with them and that's what we're focused on. So look, would we prefer that our SME business was growing like our consumer business, sure, we would, but there are these cycles. And at this particular point in time, I think you're seeing a little bit of an industry-wide slowdown from a small business perspective. But again, just to pick up on Jeff's point, from before, after the slowdown comes to recovery. So we'll be poised for that.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. And I think he's a great example of the model, right? I mean, it's a great example of three legged stool. We've got card fee growth is very, very strong. I mean, it's the third -- I think it's the third straight quarter we've had a 20% card fee plus growth. Yeah, we're benefiting a little bit from net interest income. As Jeff said, there's noise in the services fee and other revenue, and that will shift. But yeah, we feel comfortable with billings around where we are today to make that revenue guidance because of the 3 tiers of the revenue that we have. So that's what gives us confidence.
Stephen Squeri: We still feel really confident that we'll be within the 15% to 17%. And there's really not a lot more to say other than that. So yeah, you have a little -- as I said, you have a little bit of deceleration from a billings perspective. But it's a record quarter of billings, over $420 billion of billings. And so again, we feel very confident of the 15% to 17%, and we'll see where it winds up landing within that range, but the reason we give ranges.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. As far as line of sight into SME, I mean, the way to think about it is organic is probably flat. You obviously have businesses that go out of business. And so you have a little bit of sort of same-stores that go away, but the acquisition is still relatively strong. So think about organic as having a neutral impact, think about attrition because attrition has a negative impact, but no different than what we've seen over the last few years and then acquisition in there. I think the biggest difference is really organic. And what you saw through the pandemic is, you saw a small businesses continue to add and add and add. And you got to remember, small businesses use a card to run their entire business. And so -- there was a lot of buying ahead from a goods and services perspective, from an inventory perspective. And so we're going to watch it really closely in terms of have they finally gotten to sort of full stock and what have you. And -- but I think that's the way to think about those three components: organic, basically flat and acquisition up and attrition pretty much stable.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. Well, I think you got to go back to sort of strategic priorities we always talk about, which is focused on premium consumer. We're focused on small business and we're focused on coverage. If I look at this, I would say that international has come back probably even a little quicker than we had thought within our three year horizon. I think millennials are playing out even better than what we had thought, both from an acquisition perspective and a spending perspective. I think when you think about boomers (ph), I think they've been slower to return, but it's just -- it becomes a smaller piece of our business over time. Corporate, I think that's an opportunity going forward from a growth perspective. And I think small business started out in the beginning -- in all business will wind up being sort of a tale of three cities over this time horizon. I think it was very, really strong for us last year. I think it's a little bit more muted, it's a little bit more muted. And I think it will probably pick up. And the other thing that's been difference it's been -- when we started with this plan, it was done in a much slower -- it was done with -- we anticipated a more robust economy. So what really makes us feel good about this is that we've accomplished this in a slow growth environment. We've stayed true to who we are from a credit quality perspective. And the last thing that I'll add is, I think we've made some really great coverage gains over this period of time as we continue to march to our goals, especially international, where I think the team has done a really good job from a coverage perspective. And when you think about our longer-term partnerships here, we've really cemented in our key partnerships over the long term here. Obviously, with Delta and with [Technical Difficulty] we still have Marriott and DA, which go out still a number of years. So we feel good about it. And the interesting part about this is, did it play out exactly as we thought it was going to play out? No. But the flexibility in the model has enabled it to go where we wanted it to go. And I think we really got off to a tremendous start in 2022 with tremendous revenue growth. I mean when we did this three year plan, we did not project 25% revenue growth last year. We were at 17% to 19%, I believe, when we started the year, then we took it up to 19% to 21%, and then you got 25%. So if you think about sort of where we thought we were going to be we're ahead of where we thought we were going to be longer term and the 15% to 17% guidance that we provided at the beginning of this year was based off original guidance that was 17% to 19%. So we're growing over bigger numbers. So, and that's why I feel really good about it. And so we'll continue. And I think the most important thing for us is to stay focused and to focus on our priorities. And I think the team has done a really good job of that. And you have to remember, and you guys all know this -- this is a very good industry to be in. And when you play in this industry the way we play in it, across three different dimensions of card fees of billings and of net interest income, it makes our model completely differentiated from our competitors.
Stephen Squeri: We're not going to do a quarter-to-date update on build business. We're kind of 20 days in. So there's no real change. But in terms of marketing, the only thing that's important to know is that we said we'd spend about $5.5 billion on marketing. That's our plan to continue to do that. How it winds up sort of moving from quarter-to-quarter, I think we're probably $100 million from last year or something like this -- in this particular quarter. But that all depends on the programs we're running and the timing and everything else. And so a week here, a week there, can make all the difference in the world sometimes when you think about when you think about spending $1.5 billion, $1.4 billion in a quarter, it's like $100 million sort of a week. So the bottom line is, we are committed to go after all the great opportunities that are out there and we believe that we'll wind up spending about $5.5 billion from a marketing perspective. And just to remind everybody that the marketing spend for us is predominantly customer acquisition, right? And affiliate fees and incentives and things like that, it's not sort of TV and print and it's kind of advertising. That's what that marketing spend is. And that's why it can vary a little bit from quarter-to-quarter.
Stephen Squeri: No, look, I think one of the big differentiators for us is that card fee. I mean you think about that as, so the subscription SaaS kind of revenue and we're really pleased with that. But no, I mean, it's in the ballpark of what we what we thought it was going to be as we put together our aspirations, right? I mean -- and so when you look at this, the 20% three quarters in a row is a big number. And another thing I'd point out during the pandemic, it was growing in double-digits. And so -- which is -- it's a big contributor and it's obviously a high -- it has higher growth than discount revenue would, but it's pretty much in line with where we thought we were going to be.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. And just one other thing, because Jeff, just sort of reminded me as he said that, when we talked about sort of this tenth plus year double-digit growth during the pandemic. It really speaks to how we think about our customers over the long term because if we had not invested in our customers during the pandemic, you would not have seen that double-digit growth during the pandemic or coming out of the pandemic. It was really important to embrace those customers. It would have been easier to drop more money to the bottom line rather than to put more money into our existing customers, but that's not how we run the company. And we were thinking much more from a long-term perspective. And by really investing in the value proposition because, as you all remember, those value propositions from a travel perspective were challenged best. And to put other things in there, it really helped us cement those relationships, which kept those fees going, but more important, drop just normal attrition that we had because we improved our retention rates over the course of the pandemic. So I think it speaks to the membership model because this card fee is a decision that our members make to join the franchise. And that's really important because that means they see value in the product. They see ongoing value in the product. And it's our job and we'll continue to do this to continue to insert more values into the product, and that's what keeps this thing going. And that's why from a strategic perspective, the consistent refreshing of our products is really, really important to our strategy.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. No, I don't think anything has changed. I think these are -- it's always been something that we have been fooled (ph) on. But to switch or to get a partner to come on to the network is a big deal. And there are technical hurdles to wind up crossing. And we're -- the GNS team is out there on a consistent basis looking for new partners. And when you think about our overall model, we're really operating around 29 proprietary countries. All the rest of the markets that we operate around the world are GNS markets, either just from a card acceptance perspective or from a both a card acceptance and a card issuing perspective. And there's been a lot of work going on with GNS over the years to get to increasingly get more and more coverage. And so when you look at our improvements in coverage, so much of that's been driven by our GNS partners. And just to remind you that everything that we're doing in China really comes under the heading of GNS because we're in there just as a network. We don't acquire merchants. We don't issue cards. We have a joint venture and that's a that's a GNS relationship. And look, our launch of our card, I mean, with Square, that's been in the pipeline for a long time. But it's -- if you aren't in cards or if you're issuing Visa MasterCard, it's a little bit different to take up to our systems to get priority within your own system and so forth. And so we've been out there on a consistent basis, working to get partners. I think the Square One has a little bit more -- I guess a little bit more headlines because it's a U.S. partnership, but the team is out there on a real consistent basis all across Asia and South America and Africa and so forth, really thinking through how we continue to get more coverage and how we get more cards issued. So while you may see it a little bit more, I can tell you, the team has been working really hard at this for a lot of years.
