Jeff Campbell: Yes, absolutely. So, when you think about the range we provided this year, Don, I would say, the normal thing of -- you have to think about a little stronger economy pushes us towards the higher end of the weaker economy which is why a lower end of range is there, and CECL is the other uncertainty. But absolutely, we are contemplating what I call the relatively modest impact of CECL in there. So, you should go with that as full GAAP guidance.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think what I would actually point you to is the remarks Steve started with. We had 10 straight quarters now, Don, of revenue growth, which is ultimately what we're focused on, in the 8% to 10% range. And the fourth quarter was another strong quarter of revenue growth. So, actually, when we look at that metric, which ultimately is the end goal of the mixture of everything we're doing with card fees, with pricing, loan growth, the billings, the discount rate, we actually see a lot of stability in the momentum that we’re entering in terms of revenue growth.
Jeff Campbell: Well, Moshe, I guess, I -- we look at the stability we've seen overall in revenue growth, 10 quarters of 8 to 10, and see tremendous momentum to continue to meet that same target in 2020. When you look at acceleration, I would actually point you to card fee growth. So, card fee growth has been our fastest growing revenue line and actually accelerated in Q4. And for all the reasons Steve described, we're pretty bullish in our ability to keep that as our fastest growing revenue line. I’d also point out to everyone that of course, you have a large -- because of the way we do the accounting for this, as you would know most, we have a large portion of next year's card fees just sitting on the balance sheet waiting to be amortized. So, we feel really good about that line. And net interest income, I would point out actually has been very steady sequentially, Moshe. Because while our booked loan growth rate has moderated a little bit, part of that is just us being a little bit tighter about things like promotional offers and that's why your yield is going up and net interest income growth has actually been pretty flat. So, gosh, we would look at the 2020 revenue guidance and say, it’s a continuation of what we've been putting up for about two-and-half years. And we feel pretty good about the stability we see in the economy, the stability we see in our credit performance and the tremendous strength, frankly, of the U.S. consumer.
Jeff Campbell: Well, look, I think the results we posted, Sanjay, in 2019, demonstrate that we've got a model that produced steady results in the really robust economic environment of 2018 and continued to produce those same results in the more modest growth environment in 2019. So, there is clearly a range of economic outcomes around where we are, where our model is flexible enough or resistant enough to change. I'll go back to the card fee point I just made to Moshe where our card fee growth is actually pretty resilient in different economic environments. So, we feel good about our guidance across any reasonable range of economic outcomes than anyone is forecasting right now. Now, there is a sudden dramatic shift upwards or downwards. That's the kind of thing that it would take to probably cause us to move off that range.
Jeff Campbell: So, let me quickly do the facts on the two, and then Steve will probably add a little bit of color. On the large and global, I guess we look at it and we say, sequentially it’s about the same as it was last quarter. Yes, you do have the same two large customers where there is some things unique to those customers going on. But, look, we’ve said for a long time, this isn’t a growth segment for us. This is big companies doing T&E. It's an important part of the franchise. So, we're not frankly particularly overly focused on that rate. We’re focused on other parts of commercial. On the restructuring charge, the point I would make to everyone is, this just an example of what we've done for many, many years, which is we had some very good developments on the tax side. We use that to accelerate some spending around a range of growth initiatives. We see some of that in the marketing line, some of that in some of the other customer engagement lines. And yes, we did take a restructuring charge; it’s a little bit more than $100 million. Look, we've been growing expenses, we've added over 5,000 colleagues in the last year. We will continue to grow expenses in 2020. Frankly, we're going to continue that to add colleagues. But, we got to make sure we have the right people in the right place, so that we can continue as we have for many, many years to scale our Company as we grow our volumes.
Jeff Campbell: The only math point I would add is, in our tables that stat is the U.S. stat but it just goes to the point that the large and global segment is a small part of our total billing. So, the T&E trends get dwarfed in terms of the global company by what consumers and small business are doing.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think the short answer on the second one, Craig, is no. Obviously, the Olympics is an important event from a lot of perspectives, and we have a fabulous franchise in Japan. And it's benefiting from the Prime Minister's incentives that he's providing in the country to encourage more card use, all good stuff for us, but, but not big enough for you to see in our global results. On the inflection point on billed business, I’d really go back Craig to the theme Steve and I both talked a lot about over the last hour, which is our revenue momentum has been very stable for 10 quarters. And that's because of the breath of sources, it’s because of the way we're focused on being thoughtful about things like card fees, which Steve just touched on, or how we're pricing for risk in our lending portfolio. And so, we feel good about the trends on billed business, but we -- but more importantly, we're focused on the trends and stability on revenue that make us very comfortable with the guidance we've provided for another year of 8% to 10% revenue growth. And it is not counting on a big inflection upwards on billed business. If that happens, great, but that is not a planning assumption, if you will, that underlies the guidance we’ve provided.
Steve Squeri: Yes. I think, the other point is that if you look over these 10 quarters, we've shown that there is an elasticity to our billed business that still continues to drive the high revenue growth. And so, given the high card fees, higher growth in card fees, the consistent performance we’ve had from a net interest income perspective, billings can fluctuate up and down. The other thing I would point out is not all billings are created equally. So, we feel really comfortable with where we wound up and how we ended the year from a billings perspective.
Steve Squeri: Yes. The interesting thing is, I wouldn't equate this to innings. I would equate this to baseball seasons, because the way you got to think about this is that, product refreshes can happen on a three to four-year basis. And so, we got to play a season all over again. And so, if you look at 50 refreshes over the last two years, there are still more to do within the existing portfolio. And by the time you get done, guess what? Some of your products are three and four years old now. So, I wouldn't think about this as a one-time thing. And I think, you have to think about this as continuous refreshment, because look, the reality is our customer base constantly changes. We're looking to appeal to new customers at all aspect. If you look at Platinum before we did the refresh, Platinum was not as attractive to millennials as is today. And if you look at the value and the benefits that we put on it, it’s become a much more attractive product and most of our growth has come from millennial update. Look, we have -- since the refresh, we have 60% more Platinum cards than we did prior to that refresh, and over 50% of the new cards acquired to millennials. So, I wouldn’t think about this as an innings game. I think about this as we constantly play the baseball season. And there is going to be another season and another season and another season. It's just going to be different. It's just going to be different card products. And when you look at our portfolio of card products, it's in hundreds. So, we have a ways to go.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So, look, from an outside the U.S. perspective, obviously we’re nowhere near where we are in the U.S. We identify the strategy that we wanted to increase overall coverage internationally by 20% over a three-year period. We talked about that at investor day. I say without giving specific metrics on this, we’ve made progress. We expect to hit that 20% growth target over that three-year period. It's a very focused strategy and that we’re looking at key cities, we’re looking at the key cities that our card members travel to and that we have large card bases in. And we’re also working with our network partners in markets that we do not have proprietary businesses to continue to grow that. And let's not forget our efforts in China. We are -- our license has been accepted, we are waiting for the final approval, and hopefully sometime this year, we will launch the network. And that will increase not only coverage in China, but what it will do is it will put more cards on the network as we engage with the Chinese banks to have more Chinese travelers as they go into -- and the reality is, they are going to go into a lot our European and Asian cities, which is going to put more demand and will actually then help drive more coverage. So, we're still committed to it and we continue to invest in it. And the other point I would make out is the U.S. is not done. From a U.S. perspective, as I said in my remarks, it is a moving feast. And so, what we need to do is to continue to sign those merchants that commence the business. And what we also need to do is to continue our efforts to have warm acceptance. And from a warm acceptance perspective, what we mean is decals on the doors. We put up over 1 million decals this year, just in the United States alone. And it’s an education process as well, it's an education process for the merchants, and it's an education process for our card members that in fact the card is accepted. So, what we’ve laid what we would call technical acceptance, there is some more work to be done from a warm acceptance perspective and our card members realizing that the coverage is there. So, you will see a lot of work in those areas as well.
Steve Squeri: Look, I mean, we're not getting into obviously specific acquisitions. But, what you've seen our focus over the last sort of 24 months has really been from some of our digital capabilities, whether that be Mezi or Resy or Cake and obviously, LoungeBuddy and we did acompay. And so, what we're trying to do is build out the organic footprint that we have with our existing card members, we're trying to engage with them more digitally. And look, I think that our competitors, Visa, MasterCard, PayPal -- PayPal is really a partner, more than a competitor. When you look at what they're doing, they're doing things that are smart for them. They're run by really smart people, and they've got their strategies. And their main focus is connectivity and bringing more and more different types of transactions across those rails. And I think that the acquisitions that they've done to build out from a network perspective are smart acquisitions for them. When we look at what we're trying to do from a card member and merchant perspective, we feel really comfortable what we've done. And I think, just looking at the Plaid acquisition, which I think is a good acquisition by Visa, it allows them to provide connectivity from their bank partners into fintechs. In fact, we use Plaid today. We have an investment in Plaid. And we'll make a little bit on that as well. And so, that's a more sensible acquisition for them than it would be for us, not only from an economic perspective, but certainly from a strategic perspective, and I think just a customer perspective. So, we look at everything. We have our own target list of things that we want to do and things that quite honestly just don't make sense for us. We're positioned with our model.
Steve Squeri: And so, as far as restructuring, I think Jeff hit all that. Look, I think with the large and global, it’s -- from a company perspective, not a lot of companies are looking to grow their T&E. So, you don't have sort of the organic growth that you would have. And then, you have a couple of companies that pull back or you have a loss here or there. And you feel that in the numbers. But, it is 9% of the overall billings. But, from a profit perspective, it's a lot less than that. This is an important part of our business from a network perspective, and it allows us to utilize our scale and infrastructure to really support our middle market business and our small business. And so, it plays an important role. And I think where that -- where we are from a perspective of overall billings we're comfortable with. Yes, it’d be great if it would grow. But, if it grows, it's not going to make that much of a difference from a profitability perspective, which gets back to my point about not all billings are created equally. Some billings have a lot more profitability than others. And so, I think you'll probably see this sort of flatness continue as we move in -- as we move into next year. And it's something that we're doing in our own company as well. I mean, we're not looking to grow our T&A expenses. It's not -- I don't sit around my staff and say, let's see how we can grow more T&A. I wouldn't mind sitting around with a lot of my customers’ staffs and saying that. But, we don't do that. And so, I think companies are doing that. They are looking at T&E, looking at some more video conferencing and things like that and reducing some of the travel, and you see that in the numbers.
Steve Squeri: Well, Rick, the interesting thing about our business is, it's probably not mature yet. And I think, one of the reasons after the financial crisis, everybody jumped into this business, especially the banks in a big way, is because this is a business that just continues to grow. When you look at the consumer business in the United States, it's sort 8%, 8%, 8%, 8%, and you see that -- you'll see that continuing. And I think when we look at our business and from maturity perspective, look, it's a mix of new customers, it's a mix of -- or what we would call same store sales, if you’re thinking about this from a retail perspective, it's a mix of organic spending as well. But, we're bringing in new customers to the franchise. And our brand is playing a lot more with millennials, which is over half of our customers that we're acquiring at this particular point in time. And the reach that we're getting with some of our co-brand partners is getting us new customers as well. So, I don't really look at this business as really mature. I look at this business as having a lot -- and I'm not just talking about our business. I'm talking about the card business in general. I think about this as a business that still has a lot of legs and a lot of growth. And you see a lot of the technological changes, whether it's sort of tap and go and making it easy to buy online and so forth. I mean, just with contact list, you're going to see more and more smaller dollar transactions coming on to card products, whether that be vending machines transactions, which is the next thing that's going to happen; you're seeing this with transit; obviously, now in New York City, you can use tap and go through the New York City transit system. So, we don't really look at this as a mature business at all. And we think there is expansion opportunities for us not only with new customers but also with our existing customers, as we have less than half their share of wallet and we have, as we said for a long time, we only have about 23% of their share of lending. So, we think there's still a lot of upside in this business.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So, couple of things. Number one, I think from a consumer perspective, we see this sort of fast payments, we see as really looking to cannibalize some debit, looking to cannibalize some ACH, some check in and things like that. So, from a consumer perspective -- and we have an open banking test right now from a consumer perspective ourselves, where we're offering some of our non-customers the ability to pay out of their bank account. So, that could be an opportunity for us. But, I don't see that really impacting credit and charge growth. Look, I think, what's interesting for fast payments ACH from a B2B perspective, and I've said this multiple times on calls like this and in meetings, it will play a role in B2B payments and it will play a role in procurement spending as well. The reality is that we believe we can achieve the same things with the network that we have today and the connectivity that we have as we are -- we have the flexibility in pricing. Look, I don't -- I'm not constrained by interchange. I could price from a transaction perspective. And one of the advantages we do have in Europe in particular is we’re a three-party and not a four-party system. And so, the relationships that we have with card members and merchants, which with that direct connectivity, we believe we can accomplish the same things without acquiring either a Vocalink or an Earthport or something like that. But, make no mistake, it will play a role in procurement. The other thing that I've said on these calls before is from a procurement perspective, fast ACH is really not sort of the be all, end all, given that most of these payments occur in 60 to 90 days. The bigger opportunity is really integrating the payment process within the procurement process and marrying the procure to pay. And so -- and that takes a long, long time. And that's why you do partnerships with people like SAP and people like Ariba to try and integrate the payment in. Companies are much -- look from my perspective, having our own procurement here as well, companies are much more focused on how you merge the two than sort of paying a vendor in 20 minutes. The last thing I want to do is really pay a vendor in 20 minutes. But what I really want to do is integrate the two together. So, I think there's a place for these acquisitions for -- again for reason Visa MasterCard, it goes back I think, a little bit to Plaid acquisition. But, I think we can accomplish the same thing with the capabilities that we have at the current moment.
Steve Squeri: Yes. Well, T&E -- think about our consumer travel business and think about -- just think about the expansion that we've had in small business international and the expansion that we've had in consumer international. And when you think about small business international, it's not as mature as small businesses in the United States. And so, if you go back in history, what happened from a small business perspective in the United States, that started as a T&E card and now has morphed much more into a B2B card, and so the mix of volume that we have. And the reality is, when you think about sort of the T&E aspects as it relates outside the U.S., small business international that we have, there's a higher percentage of T&E that occurs on that card. So, that's the first thing that small businesses will put on internationally. And then, obviously, our consumer business is growing in leaps and bounds internationally. And again, that has a much more T&E focus than it does retail focus.
Steve Squeri: No, it's been our approach that has changed, which is why if you go back to the last couple of years, we have started to refresh products. We were not in the business of refreshing products. If you do not refresh the product, it is really hard to increase the fee. Adding value enables you to increase the fee. If you're not adding value, you can't do that. We had a fundamental shift in sort of how we've approached the business over the last few years. You've seen a lot more focus on coverage; you've seen a lot more focus on -- you've seen a lot more focus on a focused international strategy, and you've also seen a major focus on card refreshment. And card refreshment, remember is -- it's not just about fees, it's to get people to spend, which then gets people to revolve that spend. So, it really is more about engagement. And the fees come along as you add value.
