Jeff Campbell: I think the language on 2023 around EPS growth, Ryan, is meant to make the point that we are certainly, given the tailwind is going to drive again very high revenue growth and that creates a great platform for steady earnings growth. The caution there is just, you still have some volatility in how credit reserves may play out. And so when you think about sort of the total level of earnings in 2022 and '23, I feel pretty confident. Could you have some result that moves reserve releases between one year and another which skewed the actual year-over-year growth number a bit, you might, but I think the core earnings power will be there given the high revenue growth that Steve is going to talk about next.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah, okay. I will start. So there is a few things to think about when you think about that 42%. Remember, to start with, we started giving you this percentage because it was an easy way in a very volatile time during the pandemic, to help people think about all three of these lines. As you think about next year, I'd point out a number of our revenue lines are recovering more slowly. We talked about net interest income, we talked about other fees and commissions and other revenues, because a lot of that's travel related. So in many ways, because spend has come in --come back more robustly because we are seeing great engagement from our customers with both our reward programs and our many card member services, those engagement behaviors are causing those costs to come back more quickly than a 100% of the revenues are coming back. So really in many ways, one of the reasons we're very bullish about both '22 and '23 revenue growth being above our long-term aspiration is because you have the steady recovery as the other revenues recover. The other thing I'd point out Mihir is that back to Steve's comment on learnings from the pandemic and the investments we have made in our value propositions are clearly paying off when you look at our revenue growth, when you look at our acquisition results, and when you look at our retention and so, Boy, I would say it is a learning for us from the pandemic that investing, as you see in that 42% is the right thing to do to create a great platform for long-term growth for the company.
Jeff Campbell: Well, Moshe, I will admit you were fading in and out a little bit. So I'm going to take a shot and what I think you just asked. I think when you look at our 2022 EPS guidance, I actually, the first one, I didn't think it would be to point people back to the revenue guidance, right. So we're all about growth and growing our revenues in that 18% to 20% on top of the 30% growth that we just showed in the fourth quarter we think is creating the kind of scaled platform that is the best platform for creating value in the long-term for our shareholders. Second point I'd make, when you think about 2022 earnings is as I said at the beginning of my remarks, you had around $3.5 billion of pre-tax items in the 2021 earnings, that I don't expect to repeat. So $2.5 billion of credit reserve releases. I think we're closer to a steady-state position on that. Another $1 billion on mark-to-market gains on both our FinTech portfolio and our Global Business Travel joint venture. And so we look at our 2022 earnings guidance and see ourselves growing over that $3.5 billion, while making the investments that Steve talked about in customers brand and colleagues to drive 18% to 20% revenue growth, Boy, and we feel really good about that outcome. And we think it creates a great platform for long-term sustainable growth.
Jeff Campbell: Probably not. I mean because goods and services are growing so dramatically. Our traditional mix of business was 70-30, 70% goods and services and 30% T&E. We may wind up being at a steady state of 80-20. And so obviously as T&E does come back, and we're at 82% of where we were in 2019, that's a positive to the overall discount rate but goods and services tends to be a little bit lower, but look, at the end of the day, we're driving discount revenue here. And that's what we're focused on. And so we're very happy with the goods and services growth, in particularly, the online and what I would point out is not only is online growing but offline is growing as well, and it's growing tremendously over 2020. But when you look at it over 2019, I mean even offline retail for us is up over 12%, so you've got a combination of online retail up 31% over '19 and you got offline up 12%. So we feel really good about how our card members are using the products.
Jeff Campbell: Well, that's a lot. Bob. Look, I think, and you know you and I've talked about this before. Look, we've continued to invest in our technology stack over time. And as you know I used to run technology many years ago and we've been committed to constantly refreshing our tech stack and making those investments and this year is no other, it's not yes, it's not anymore than it's been in years past. I mean from a tech development perspective, I would say we're flattish as we think about 2022 up a little bit here or there. And from a tech operations perspective, you keep taking advantages and a reduced cost and then of course you then pivot more money into cyber because that -- that's constantly where you overall invest. Look, as far as buy now pay later and again, I'd made these comments many, many times. I do not believe this is targeted at our customers. Look, we have Pay It Plan It and Pay It Plan It is, we believe an offering our customers the opportunity to be as flexible with their payments as possible, and it gives you the ability to pick your installments and pay it over time. And we've had some increasing usage here, but it's not a major driver of our growth, and if you look at the other types of buy now pay later, the Pay in 4 Gs, the reality is the charge card is almost a Pay in 4 because by the time you pay your on average you charge card off or your credit card and a non-revolve basis, you could be a 45 days anyway, so. And when we've looked at sort of buy now pay later and that target audience. It tends to be lower FICO, it tends to be debit card users and it tends to be utilized potentially as an acquisition tool and that's just not how we play our game. So I'm not at all concerned with buy now pay later. I think you know some successful companies out there that are driving some revenue and are driving a lot of volume through buy now pay later, but again. We look at it as an option with our Pay It Plan It and the nice part about Pay It Plan It is, it's not at the point of sale, because you can do it any transaction, it doesn't just have to be at the point of sale where not everybody has a buy now pay later feature. So that's that. As far as crypto currency goes, you know, look, we watch crypto currencies and you guys have heard me talk about this, we think about the spectrum of digital currencies, we think about crypto, we think about stable coins, we think about Central Bank digital currency and you know at this particular point in time, we view more crypto currency as an asset class. I mean you've just seen Bitcoin go from $68,000 a coin to $34,000 a coin. Currencies that you use in the payment space, that's a hard thing to utilize that way. So, and as far as Blockchain, look, we've got investments in Blockchain companies to be constantly look at Blockchain and figure out, are there use cases for us. So, and as far as stable coins and FTEs and things like that, we're partnering with obviously the NBA and Topshop and we'll look at ways to get involved, but as I've said, we're probably not going to offer a crypto card, doesn't mean we wouldn't use MR as a redemption option and I've said many times, it's a digital currency in itself. So we keep our eye on it, keep our eye on — buy now pay later in case that side changes, we keep our eye cryptocurrency in case it becomes more stable, but right now, I don't see it as an immediate or medium-term threat to our business.
Jeff Campbell: Well, we're pretty committed to staying within that 10% to 11% range on the CET1 ratio, when I talked earlier about, the dividend will go up steadily as our earnings go up. The thing to keep in mind though is that we pretty uniquely also generate returns on equity in recent years in excess of 30%, so we produce a tremendous amount of capital each year, far more than we need to support the growth in our very spend-centric business model and the balance sheet that results from that. So you'll continue to see a steady level of share repurchase from us each quarter consistent with that kind of earnings generation and that kind of ROE and staying within our 10% to 11% range. Clearly, the big catch-up, there has been in the last two quarters where you saw a -- what I will call above trend levels of share repurchase to get us right back down to that target range.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think when you see us very uncharacteristically talking about long-term aspirations in '24 and beyond, a key part of that aspiration is looking at the demographics of who we're bringing in and thinking about lifetime value of card members, right. We are a business with extremely high retention rates relative to almost any other business, you could think about. And when we acquire customers we are thinking about the lifetime value of those customers. That's one of the things that contributes to the excitement that Steve started the call off with when we think about the longer-term growth prospects of the demographic that we are increasingly bringing into the company.
Jeff Campbell: Well, maybe I'll start Steve and so first, Mark, I think I'd remind everyone out what we at the time we refer to as our financial growth algorithm pre-pandemic which we very successfully executed on for 10 straight quarters till the pandemic interrupted, was to have revenue growth in the 8% to 10% range and double-digit EPS growth. So we have much bolder ambitions now to be in excess of 10% of the revenue growth side and mid [Technical Difficulty].
Jeff Campbell: I want to start again. Okay. So sorry, so apologize everyone not quite sure where the tech problem is, we're sitting in our office in the Tower in New York. So pre-pandemic, we were at 8% to 10% revenue growth, double-digit EPS growth like clockwork. We executed on that for 10 straight quarters until the pandemic interrupted. We see ourselves being a much bolder aspiration now in excess of 10% revenue growth, mid-teens EPS growth and that's going to come after a '22 and '23 at higher levels than that in terms of revenue growth and that kind of revenue growth, gives us a tremendous platform for scale for relevance and forgetting steady leverage on the marketing line and on the OpEx line because, Boy, you don't need to grow marketing and OpEx in anywhere near those kinds of rates. So that's the math maybe you want to comment.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, I think, at least, I think the way to think about this is, look, there is no singular investment target that we are looking at, but I think you hit the nail on the head. We look at adjacencies that make sense. Then as we think about the strategies for the product, I mean, as we move into -- as we moved into a broader definition of how we were going to serve SMEs, the Kabbage platform made all the sense in the world. Look, you had three choices there, you could have tried to build it, you could buy it or you could try and partner with it. And so it was an opportune time and we were able to buy it and that's how we're re-platforming our SME base. When you think about what we've done from a consumer perspective and resi is a good example of that. Is that, you know it's an extension of our overall travelness of the product and an investment in resi giving access to our card members to dining and it's also a great acquisition tool for customers because resi is not an Amex only product, it has some Amex-only offers for our customers. So as we continue to build out the strategy, we will make those determinations whether it makes sense for us to build it ourselves, partner or buy it and we'll tuck those things in if and when they when they make sense and if the overall price is right. So that's how we'll think about it, but you know just bring you back to the four strategic imperatives that we have, which is continuing to be the best premium card provider for consumer, looking at being that working capital provider for SME, becoming even more digital to our customers and adding more and more merchants and as things make sense along that strategic continuum, we will act if appropriate.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. But just to talk about the operating leverage for a second, too, because when you look at and Jeff mentioned that we had sort of the contract to operating expense with the venture gains this year. When you look at that, you will have operating expense leverage growth this particular year because you're looking at 18% to 20% revenue growth. And if you sort of normal -- even if you don't normalize it, you're going to have a much higher revenue growth and you will. So we're still going to drive operating expense growth throughout this -- throughout our journey. But let me talk to you about what gives me the confidence. And when I look at sort of what we've done over the last four years, where we are now and how we're exiting, what I would sum this up, is it's a combination of three things. It is the strategy that we put in place. It is the secular tailwinds that we have and the momentum. I'm going to start from the back and work my way forward. Look at the moment, I mean you've got 30% revenue growth in this particular quarter, you got 2.7 million cards that we acquired, you've got historically high billings growth. We haven't gotten into this, but we see travel bookings. When we looked at travel bookings in the fourth quarter, it was 24% up over '19. When we look at the first couple of weeks in January, we're 44% up over '19. So we have tremendous momentum entering 2022. And I'll move to the beginning go to strategy. We at the -- back in 2018 and I made this in my remarks, we talked about being the premium card provider. And I think the skepticism was from Millennials and Gen-Z, that skepticism from my perspective is over, 60% of the cards that we acquired are Millennials and Gen-Z in this quarter; 75% of our premium cards were Millennials and within the next strategic imperative was SME. We had probably the best SME acquisition year that we've ever had. We talked about our ability to be in people's digital lives with 31% online spending growth over 2019. And we had 16% online spending growth just over last year and look at what we've done from a merchant perspective. We're at parity in the U.S. and we added over 7 million merchants, just last year internationally, and then look at the secular tailwinds. I think the pandemic has moved online spending forward for three years to five years and we're getting more than our fair share and then look at our business. We're at 82% of the overall T&E business from 2019. Now, consumer is doing really well. In the fourth quarter, we were up 8%, but the rest of it is below 2019 levels. And so we believe from a T&E perspective, we've got more room to go. When we look at our, as we segment our card members, Millennials are blowing it out. We had over 50% spending from Millennials in our Gen and Gen-Z increased over both 2019 and 2020. And as we look at sort of our Gen-X is up and our boomers are not. And our boomers is traditionally the ones they travel and have money. And once we get from pandemic to endemic here, they're going to start traveling again. Jeff talked about modest loan balances that will grow over time, which is the comment he made about some reserve increases, but we're going to get back to where we were. We look at international consumer. International consumer tends to be a more traveling card member and that business is flat and large and global has not come back, and I'll leave you with this on large and global. People are skeptical about business travel because of all the remote workforce. In fact, I think business travel is going to be completely different. And I think as you have more people in more remote locations, they may need to get together three, four, maybe five times a year to come to headquarters or to come to locations where they never had to come to before. And let's face it. We all realize that there is nothing better than sitting in front of your customers. And I just came back from an opportunity at the Amex Golf Tournament to sit in front of a lot of my customers. So when we look at the secular tailwinds, that's why we believe it's not only doable but sustainable as we move forward.
Stephen Squeri: So let me start, Jeff can sort of jump in. Look, from a Millennial perspective, I don't know exactly where we are. But what I can tell you is we're not at the 90%. I'd be closer to the 10% than the 90% but Millennials and Gen-Z. So I think there's a lot of opportunity and a lot of runway and maybe in Investor Day, we'll try and give you some guidance on that and we'll do a little bit of work on that. From an SME perspective, look, we are -- that's right, we are the clear leader from an SME perspective. And I think when you look at the opportunity set, what we've said from an SME perspective is we want to be the total working capital providers and so you look at what we've done. What we've done is we've gone out there and now we've created with the acquisition of Kabbage we've created our we have the checking account, we have the debit card, and checking account is important because that's where all the flows of money come in and go out. From a card perspective, we've always been in great shape. From a revolver perspective on the card, we don't have the same share that we've had, and so we'll push a little bit more on that revolver obviously on working capital loans and some of the other term loans, we will be pushing on as well. So we think when you put that together holistically, we have a lot of room for growth from an SME perspective not only in the U.S., but in international where we leverage our international corporate card business and our position from a small consumer perspective to go after it. So, we think both of those areas are still very, very right to grow.
Stephen Squeri: Well, what I'd say Bill is the dividend is important to us. It's important to many of our shareholders and the fact that we're raising it for the first time since 2019 is a sign that in our view, it's time to be on the offense again and feel confident about our growth. All that said, we have a long-standing policy of having a payout that is around 20% to 25% on the dividend. With the tremendous growth in earnings this year and what we expect next year or in '22, we fall a little bit behind that. And so we're catching up really to that level, but that's what shareholders should expect going forward. So the dividend will grow over time as our earnings grow. But you're not going to see it grow incrementally as a payout but I think you pulled back to the financial crisis, Bill, it was important to show the stability on and just the resilience of the company during that time and that was an important signal to our shareholders. I believe, it showed our commitment to it. So it's about it.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah, I mean, look, simplistically, take $3.5 billion off the $10.02, call it $6.50, call it $6.70. So we see it going from that number to $9.20 to $9.65 and as we've always said we thought we'd be at the top end of the range of our 2020 plan and the guidance that we've given use the top end of our range, as the bottom end of our range. So we think it's from a pure operating perspective, I think it's a lot of operating EPS in 2022, you guys can decide whether you believe that or not. But the numbers are the numbers.
Stephen Squeri: Yes, no, I would just say, look, we've been on, you mentioned pre-financial crisis. And yes, pre-financial crisis, there were years where we were in excess of 10% revenue growth and then post financial crisis. I mean the game changed post financial crisis, not only from a competitive perspective, but from a regulatory perspective. And then we are more mid-single digits sort of revenue growth. But the other thing I'd say is we're much larger company right now as well. And so when you start to think about 2024 and you think about revenue growth, you are looking at excess of $6 billion per year in revenue growth. So I think when you start to look at those numbers and put those in perspective. In contrast, those 2 pre and post-financial crisis, they are quite different. But as I said, we have all the faith in our strategy in a -- look, in a highly competitive environment, but if you think about what's moving us as I started this call with what's moving us right now to even higher revenue growth in the next two years is the fact that we've got some catch up to do with our with our core business in the areas that I mentioned in terms of T&E and in loan growth and in large and global and certainly in international. And then as we move and get to a more steady state, that's what -- again just this reliance of the strategy that we've implemented and as Rick just mentioned and Jeff answered the question in terms of the lifetime value and the focus on Millennials and Gen Z and whatever the next generation is going to be after this, that's going to be a key to our strategy as we expand the universe of card members from a premium perspective. So you will see how it all plays out, but we are very, very confident.
Stephen Squeri: You know, for us, I think one of the -- most leading -- the biggest leading indicator for us of what's going on is how people want to travel, right, because as we know, people have shopped online. We haven't seen much of a slowdown from a goods and services perspective, what really is the delineating factor is are people out and about, and we talked about the fourth quarter as being 24% up from a travel bookings perspective. However, the last few weeks of December, we did see slowdown in terms of some of our travel bookings as people got and rightfully so a little Omicron, nervous, but the first two weeks in January, our travel bookings are up 44% over 2019. So what that tells me is people are ready to get out and get out and about again and we'll see when Omicron peaks and when we get the next variant. But I think society is learning how to deal with this. And as Ed Bastian said on his earnings call, I think we will ultimately move from pandemic to endemic and we'll learn how to deal with this. So we really haven't seen a slowdown in our billings at all. In fact, we've seen an acceleration in travel bookings. So that gives us a lot of confidence. The other thing I would say though is that remember from a consumer perspective, we're back, I mean from a T&E perspective, we were at -- we were up 8% over 2019 from a consumer perspective in the fourth quarter and we anticipate that moving further north. 
Stephen Squeri: Yes, I got it. All right, you help us a little bit what our outline for Investor Day. Thank you. But you know, look, I think one of the things that people don't take into account when thinking about future revenue growth is retention of card members. One of the big drivers of our growth has been the fact that it's a lot easier when you keep onto your card members who are with you and spending and so forth and retention of card members, is at an all-time high. The other thing that's driving this is obviously the shift from a goods and services perspective, I mean, look, we grew -- we had more billings in 2021 than we had in the history of the company and we're at 82% of our overall T&E billings in 2019 and theoretically we're known as a T&E product, right. So I think we'll talk about this, but I think there are a number of things. I think it's retention. I think as Jeff mentioned before in response to Rick's question the lifetime value of card members obviously getting card members earlier in their life, you're going to keep them longer especially if you have the retention rates that we have. We'll continue from an SME perspective to above our product set and if evolve our revenues and we'll continue to bring loan balances back to -- we were above average industry growth from a loan balances perspective and we think we'll get back there. So look, we'll give you some more insight on that, but I think those sort of from a high level perspective, those are the things that give us all the confidence in the world.
