Jeffrey Campbell: Well, let me start, Craig, by making a few financial comments then I'll let Steve comment a little more broadly. So we have had tremendous growth over the years with Delta. And in fact, if you were to look at the things we said at the time of the last renewal in 2014, you would see tremendous growth between the numbers that both we and Delta talked about in 2014 and today. And in fact, if you look at some of the numbers that Delta has publicly talked about over the last few weeks, and you run that forward, you basically see about the same growth rates.  So this has been a tremendous part of our business model for many years, faster growing than the company average. And what this agreement does is lock in both of our commitments to keeping this as one of the fastest-growing parts of our company for many years. And that's the key source of economics for both of these things. Now sure, when you renew these agreements, as we talked about in 2008 and 2014 and today, as we talked about with Hilton and Marriott last year, there is always some update to market terms. But we have a long track record of growing right through those modest updates to market terms and this is really about the partnership growing and driving value for both of us.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, so let me work backwards. On FX, of course, we don't try to predict FX rates. My comments earlier were just pointing out that if you take today's rates and you assume that they were to stay for the rest of the year, then you would see naturally just given what happened last year, the FX impact moderate as you go through the year.  Look, we absolutely did see stable growth throughout the course of the first quarter, so we feel good that we are at a steady-state level consistent with the growth we see in the economy. In terms of -- when we net out all the various kinds of onetime items you talk about, I don't think there is anything that particularly drove the first quarter differently than what I'd expect to see in the rest of the year. So we feel good about the trends.  I think perhaps more importantly, Sanjay, on the revenue growth side, which is ultimately what this is all about, we were right in the middle of our guidance of 8% to 10% for the year and we feel great about that start and we are very confident in our ability to sustain the kind of strong revenue growth that you've heard us talk about as our key first goal in terms of driving sustainable share, scale and relevance. So we feel good about the trends.
Jeffrey Campbell: So let me start, Mark, but just maybe level-setting everyone with some numbers. And while I don't always like to quote numbers from other people, if you go back to when we last renewed with Delta, they do talk about what they call the overall remuneration, which I would remind people are payments we make to Delta for lots of things that we then use in our value propositions, as we buy miles from them, as we pay for lounge access, as we pay for things like free baggage, et cetera. So in 2014, they talked about a $2 billion number. If you run that forward to the numbers they've been talking about for this year, you're at a compound annual growth rate in the mid-teens. And if you look at the numbers they talked about for the future, you're pretty much at about the same growth rate.  So this -- what we keep coming back to is this has been a great partnership where we have had very high rates of growth for some number of years. And with the 11-year deal now locked in so we're both comfortable continuing to invest, we're both very confident we can continue to grow at these kind of great rates. And that's the source of the economics. It's not particularly an inflection point from the path we have been on. You can also triangulate, if you like, on this by just looking at the numbers we provided at our Investor Days the last 2 years talking about the size of Delta relative to our overall billings and volumes. And again, if you just triangulate on those numbers, you're going to see growth rates all in the same kind of range.
Jeffrey Campbell: Maybe I'll start, Betsy, and Steve can add some business color. Look, we feel great about the now 5 years of growth that we've had a little bit above the industry. And as, Betsy, you've heard me say many times, we see that as color -- or driven by the unique opportunity that we have to correct our historical under-penetration of our own customers' borrowing behaviors. And we feel pretty great about 5 years of growing a little faster than the industry while growing our net interest yield and while maintaining best-in-class credit metrics.  All that said, I don't particularly see an inflection point in the environment. I think the rates that we're at, and I'd remind you, most of our lending is still driven by U.S. consumer, we feel good about those rates. I don't know that we're particularly looking to accelerate. And in fact, if you look at some of the things I said at Investor Day, I talked a little bit about some of the risk actions we've taken over the past year. We are seeing really good growth outside the U.S. as we have only more recently begun to focus a little bit on capturing a greater share of our customers' card borrowing behaviors outside the U.S., that's still a pretty modest portion of the total. So while the growth rates are good, it's still not a particularly large driver of the overall growth in the portfolio.
Jeffrey Campbell: That is a -- Moshe, I will say, common question we get. And as we look every year at spending patterns, it's really hard to see them impacted all by the timing around tax payments. And while I don't want to get too much into intra-quarter trends, it is April 18 and I certainly see no evidence of any kind of impact from people suddenly looking at what their ultimate tax due was and being surprised. So I think we feel good about the trends we saw in the first quarter. As I said earlier in response to Sanjay, we feel good about the sustainability of those trends. And in the grand scheme of things, I don't think that tax payments have much of an impact.
Jeffrey Campbell: And Bob, I will admit we were surprised at Investor Day as well that nobody asked about it. I'll very quickly say this. Obviously, it's super complex as I said earlier. It's a little baffling to us that it doesn't fit very well with credit card and yet seems like credit card may be most impacted by CECL, which I'm not sure is the original goal of the regulators.  Look, we have two things to think about. On the credit card side, our results aren't going be that dissimilar to others, although I don't see us at the high end maybe of what some others have said. What's unique for us just because of our charge card franchise, nobody else has that, and there actually reserves will go down. Now because our charge receivables are smaller than our lend receivables, on balance, I'd expect it to be a modest increase in reserves. For us, particularly from a capital perspective, I think this is manageable. But biggest challenge, I think, is going to be the volatility and complexity this is going to drive going forward as well as the pro-cyclicality. So there we go. CECL in 60 seconds. Next question.
Stephen Squeri: Right. So let me just make a couple other comments. When you -- when Ed and I sort of met for the first time and started talking about our partnership, we realized just how critical this was to both companies. And when we got to November, what we both had said was let's put this sort of off the table for not only the foreseeable future but potentially forever, and that's why we decided to do this 11-year deal. And when you think about sort of that comment that I just made about forever, our intent is to invest side-by-side, our intent is to integrate from a technological perspective, to continue to integrate and leverage the huge amount of assets that we both have from a travel perspective, both business and personal travel, lounges, technological app integration, so forth and so on. And my view is, and I think Ed would say the same thing, we're going to grow this thing so big and we'll be in each other's DNA so much that come renewal time in January 1st of 2030, it will probably be much more of a formality to renew this versus any protracted negotiation. In 2030 I'm sure that there will be some economics that we'll talk about. Maybe it won't be Ed and I talking about them, but somebody will be talking about them. And we're really excited about it.  The other thing I'll point out, and Jeff mentioned this, we're going to have a $200 million headwind this year. And that happens when you do this. But I think what's really important here is that will be the last time you hear us talk about this. We'll have this $200 million headwind this year and we're going to just continue to grow. And I'll refer to my remarks where I said this is about billings growth, it's about lending growth, it's about revenue growth and it's about profitability growth. And so I think this is a great deal for us, I think it's a great deal for Delta, but probably most importantly, it's a great deal for our existing customers, both of them, as they're going to get a better product and we're going to avoid that sort of dance that you tend to do two years before the deal is up and we're going to invest right through this. And so avoiding that, I think, is probably the biggest win for both companies and for our customers.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. I would just go back to what I said in my remarks and what I said at Investor Day. I think this sort of the loan growth and offering more loans to our customers really focuses on the whole concept the customer is a platform for growth. And so if you even look at sort of how we're treading, we're even trending now even up even more with loans to our existing customers. So we're up almost 60%. So if you look at the 12% loan growth that we had in our consumer business, 60% of that growth has come from existing customers. And we're going to continue that. I mean, we're going to continue to focus on the product and services that our customers need. There's no reason to cede that to the competition. And we're looking at obviously working capital. And we continue to grow loans internationally for our consumer business as well, but it's a very, very small part of our overall loan book. So not much change going forward. It's steady as she goes, staying on course, and obviously looking at all the guide rails as we go along and managing the credit quality as it comes in. And you even saw at Investor Day how our overall FICO score has gone up to 740, which we talked about. So we feel good about where we are.
Stephen Squeri: So boy, you're coming up on the end of 2019. But my grandfather used to say that July 4th, that the summer's over. But I guess for you, the whole year's over in April, huh? But anyway, look, we're still right on track. Virtual parity coverage by the end of 2019 in the U.S. We don't anticipate spending any more money than we already have in our plan or that we've -- or have been articulating. And so we feel really good about where that is. Now having said that, let me just explain what virtual parity coverage is. It doesn't mean that we might not find the restaurant here or the small retail shop there, but we're looking at sort of maybe triple 9s, five 9s, 99.99%, coverage here. And we feel really good about it. And when we find those places that just opened and may not accept the card, we'll jump right on it with our partners, which is -- the reason we feel so good about what we can do in international now, as I talked about at Investor Day, because of what we've done in the United States. And why we're taking a country focus and a city focus in international, is to really drive that coverage up using a lot of the same tools that we've used here in the U.S. to drive coverage. So bottom line, we feel good about it and we feel we're right on track.
Stephen Squeri: So let me take this. When -- as we think about sort of debit and we think about enhanced Membership Rewards, we constantly look at sort of the marketplace and the product offerings that we have to determine whether they're the right offerings or not. So you never say never as it relates to debit. I think the point that you bring up as it relates to debit is that with digitization, and I think there's no greater example of what you can do from a digital perspective than what we've done with personal savings and just the 25% growth that we've seen. So could you see a world or a day when you attach a debit to one of those products or attached debit to the Amex product? Possibly. But we're constantly looking. At it at this particular point in time, we don't really have any plans to do anything. We think the products and services that we have right now work just great.  As far as sort of linking products together from a rewards perspective, let me take it up one level. And we look at the totality of the value proposition. And the totality of the value proposition encompasses not only the Membership Rewards, but investments that you might make in lounge, in co-funding benefits with partners. And you can go through across our product line and see just the various components, whether it's restaurant credits or airline credits or Uber credits and so forth and so on. And so as we look at it, we try and see what our customers really truly value. And if there comes a point in time where it makes sense to take more rewards and give rewards to personal savings, we'll certainly look at that as we look at things all the time.  But right now, we like the value propositions that we have, and we continue to invest in those value propositions. And I'd just point out 2 of the acquisitions that we just made with LoungeBuddy here and with Pocket Concierge in Japan, which provides -- is going to provide more restaurant access. It's going to build upon the Cake acquisition and the Mezi acquisition that we did. And LoungeBuddy builds upon our entire lounge strategy. And we've just decided to make more investments in those areas at this point in time. But we certainly don't have our eyes closed. We really like to sort of manage this business with an external perspective. And if we find that, that becomes either an Achilles' heel or an opportunity, we'll take a look at it.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. As far as -- like I say, I don't know if it was the fourth quarter you asked the question or the third quarter, I talked about how we sort of think about this market in sort of 3s from a B2B perspective. You think about sort of the real small businesses, and that's exactly where Bill.com is focused as we look to integrate working capital and we look to integrate Card. Then you look at some of the AP Automation players, and we think about that in sort of the midsized companies and less-sophisticated maybe larger companies. And then you look at SAP Ariba and you look at sort of the integration there for large and global companies.  And what I would say about this sort of the SAP Ariba integration, the interesting part here for us is that what happens is the payment is completely integrated within the existing flow. But what's different is instead of just assigning a virtual account number, what we do is we assign the existing CPC card or the existing Corporate Card will spin off a virtual account number. So bottom line is the existing cardholders don't need to get new virtual card -- virtual account numbers, and that virtual payment sort of token that goes through will be tied back to their existing account. So there's no reissuance of cards and things like that. It's a seamless integration. And so if you have SAP Ariba, you have a Corporate Card, you're authorized to use it. You can put that in and it turns into a virtual payment. And it also provides some more control on the back-end because the supplier will not be able to continue to hit that card, it really becomes a onetime use for that transaction.  So we feel really good about that. We feel that like there's good reconciliation capabilities. We feel that what we've done with sort of tying our corporate and CPC products to the virtual account technology works out really well. And that, we feel, is really a value of having, again, the integrated business model that we have. So we're excited about it and it gives us an opportunity to go after that segment. And just to point out, obviously, we're in really good shape from an SME perspective. But 50% of our corporate -- large and global Corporate Card clients use SAP Ariba.
Stephen Squeri: So let me -- I was going to kick this to Jeff, but let me address the back part of this. I think actually, that's probably an opportunity for us. I don't think it's really going to change our discount rate. I think what it does is gives us an opportunity, like many other financial opportunities, to jump in to some of the debit potentially, some of the ACH transactions and some of the cash transactions which we don't really have access to today.  So if you had that under a discount rate model, yes, it would impact the discount rate. But this is why what I've been saying since day 1 is you have to look at the industry, you have to look at the country, you have to look at the economics of the overall transaction. And we have $1.2 trillion, $1.3 trillion of billings. If I put another $1.3 trillion on and it was at 50 basis points of what you would call "discount rate" and that was 50 basis points of profit and the discount rate was cut in half, who cares?  So reality is it's all about margin and it's all about making money, but the reality is when you get back to sort of PSD2, and I see it much more opportunity for us to grab more revenue and to grab more margin as we move forward. And I really don't look at that as impacting the discount rate. I certainly don't see it impacting the discount rate that we have on our traditional products with those existing merchants and that might be a new fee structure that we look at.  So -- and that's the reason why we haven't really been focused on the discount rate, right? Because as I've said before, this is what everybody has used as a proxy for the margin of the company and that's not really the way to look at it. And so we feel good about discount revenue growth and we're really going to continue to focus on discount revenue growth as we move forward.
Stephen Squeri: Yes, look, I think in small business in the U.S., people have been very competitive for a long time. I just don't think it's been something that everybody has focused on. In a lot of banks, small business is buried within the consumer business. In fact, for us small business was buried within the consumer business until 2 to 3 years ago. So I see that as a very competitive space. Not -- maybe not as crazily competitive as U.S. consumer has been. So -- but look, I mean, has competition reached a plateau? We haven't seen the same step-ups, would say, that we've seen in the past. But look, even with Citi and some of the other banks, what they've done now, and Bank of America as well, is when you -- and Bill Carcache brought this up before, as you then tie sort of your deposits to your credit cards and put rewards on that, that's another form of competition. But we believe our value propositions play well.  So I think that when you think about the competition from a small business perspective, it's there. We feel that we have the assets of compete and have been competing very effectively and Amazon saw that same thing. The last point I'll make from a small business growth perspective, we have a very large base from a small business perspective, and small businesses go in and out. And so what you're seeing in that growth rate is not only all the new signings that we get, which is a pretty good number, but also businesses that close and so forth. So we'll continue to push with products and services and hopefully to continue the growth rate that we've seen over the last 3, 4, 5 years in the U.S.
