Jeffrey C. Campbell: Thanks, Chris. A couple of questions there. So, we tried last month at our Investor Day to lay out some level of detail, both our expectations for 2016 and 2017, as well as the really key initiatives that we are focused on in both the accelerating revenue side as well as the cost side to achieve those results. As I sit here this afternoon and talk about our first quarter results, as I said in my remarks, I'd say we're tracking with all the both initiatives we're focused on, and we're tracking with the expectations we laid out. You are correct that we feel good today about our efforts to accelerate growth, and we feel good, in particular, about some of our ability to put other AmEx cards into the hands of Costco co-brand Card Members. Clearly, in the second half of the year, we will be very focused on maintaining the loyalty of those and other customers. There will be a lot of change in the industry in the back half of the year, and that's why I added just a few words of caution about the fact that we think we've taken a very balanced view as we provide you an outlook for the back half. But we'll have to see. It's still very early, but so far so good. In terms of the European Union, you're right, the new interchange caps went into effect in December – early December of last year. To remind everyone, while those don't directly impact American Express, we've said for quite a while now that over a period of time as we, on an ongoing basis, negotiate contracts with merchants, we would expect that to put some downward pressure on our discount rates, to some extent if you think about it, it keeps pressure to keep the differential, because we generally have a premium in most of those markets somewhat in line with its history. So that impact you do see reflected in our Q1 results. It's one of the reasons that you see an unusual decline in the discount rates. By historical standards, it will probably take us a couple of years to work through a negotiating cycle with all the merchants. In terms of the impact on volumes, we feel pretty good about the volume trends in Europe in Q1, and we feel pretty good about them in the U.K., in particular. We are very focused on using all the aspects of our business model and our closed loop to really create and sustain great value propositions for our customers. We think we have a tremendous ability to do that, and the interchange caps create some competitive challenges for others and perhaps some opportunities for us. So, we'll have to see how all that plays out over time, but right now we're pleased.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Sure. Thanks for the question, Craig. Yeah, we do feel good about the last several years. I do want to keep coming back to our performance and our ability to grow our lending book, which is predominantly U.S. consumer, at rates above what you're seeing in the industry is not a new trend. It's something we've been doing for a few years. You've seen a modest increase in the differential between us and the industry, but the whole industry, as you know, Craig, has also trended up a little bit this year. When you look at the composition of the Q1 increases, as Doug Buckminster talked about it at Investor Day, it's about one-third coming from existing customers and about two-thirds from new customers. And when you look at the credit profile, we continue to feel really good about our success in achieving these growth rates some time ago, sustaining them, and doing it in a way that keeps our average credit profile quite consistent with our history. So we think there's a lot of reasons we've been able to do this, and there's a lot of reasons we should be able to continue to do it for a long time, when you look at the fact that we historically under-index on the portion of our own customers and people who look like our customers' borrowing behaviors. And so we think with our renewed focused on having the right products, the right marketing, the right offers, out in the marketplace to better attract our fair share of those behaviors that we have a long runway to continue to achieve the kind of performance you saw in Q1.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Two good questions, Sanjay. I think when you look at the cycle, if you will, from when you put a new card into someone's hand to when it begins to get used, when for those who are going to be revolvers, balances begin to build up, there is a historical average that would probably cause us to say you're going to see the real meaningful financial impact begin to – or positive financial impact begin to happen more in the second year and third year, partly driven by the fact that historically in the industry we have a range of incentives and offers that go with the card acquisition. In the current competitive environment, I would say that's true now. So one of the factors, as you think, Sanjay, about some of the comments we've made about being very focused on seeing acceleration in our revenue growth, adjusting for Costco, in the back half of the year is as we just look at the sheer math of the various new Card Members that we've acquired in recent quarters as they age through the process I just described, you will begin to see an uplift as we get into the back half of this year. In terms of my cautionary comments, you're correct, there is nothing more than really me flagging what I think should be obvious to everyone, which is the size and magnitude of the portfolio transfer we are about to engage in on the Costco portfolio with Citi is, I think, pretty unprecedented in the industry. So that just makes us slightly cautious about our own forecasting abilities in terms of how consumers will behave, because we don't have a perfect precedent for all of the conditions that we see changing in the industry. And it would manifest itself as you point out, Sanjay, through what behavior Costco co-brand Card Members who have some other AmEx product which they may have had for a long time, or short time, how their behavior changes if they can't use the AmEx card at Costco. And for that matter, how AmEx Card Members, not Costco co-brand Card Members, but just other types of AmEx Card Members who traditionally do some portion of their shopping at Costco, how their behavior changes. So all that is factored into our outlook with what we think is a fairly balanced perspective on the ups and downs, but there's probably a little bit more forecasting error than I would say is usual for us.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: So let me focus, Bob, mostly on the U.S. You're correct. We're rolling out programs similar in spirit to OptBlue in various other countries. They have to vary because the acquiring landscape, the regulatory landscape varies in every country, but those programs tend to be newer than OptBlue which we've now been at for a couple years. That said, we've said from the beginning that it's a multi-year effort to get to where we want to get to with OptBlue. One of the targets we laid out for the first time at Investor Day, you know, Bob, a few weeks ago, was saying we think we can get to parity coverage in the U.S. by 2019. And I think we're always cautious in saying you have to get to parity coverage in reality first, and then you have to also take some time to let the perception of that coverage also catch up to the reality. So this is a long game we're playing. We are pleased with how it's going in terms of our ability at this point to say we have merchant acquirers who are part of the program who basically cover 99% of the merchants in the U.S. Not all of those acquirers, though, a few of the big ones still will be rolling out as we go through the rest of the year. So – so it's a long game, we think it's going fine, but the really material impacts take some number of years to really be seen in the financials. In the meantime, the point I was trying to make in my remarks is in the short term, even before perceptions change and perceptions changing will ultimately help you with the acquisition response rate with overall share of wallet, et cetera, but in the near term, you clearly get the incremental spend of the incremental merchants you're signing up. There is the lower discount rate impact fee every quarter. There's also some savings on the OpEx side because we used to pay some fees to our third-party acquirers we're not paying anymore. When you net those three pieces together, ignoring any potential share of wallet or acquisition efficiency benefits, that number turned positive in 2015. It's a very modest number. So it's not a number overall you would go notice in the financials because remember, coverage is about small merchants who are really important to the perceptions of coverage but, in fact, don't drive that many or that big a percentage of the overall spend dollars. So that's where we are. We feel good about the program. We feel good that it's today on a pathway where it's having a positive impact on the P&L. But the really larger vision and more material impact is clearly some time away.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, that's a good question, Rick, and I think you're probably not surprised to say I'm a little cautious about giving you precise numbers right now for competitive reasons. But let me try to help you and others think a little bit about the magnitude here. We showed a slide, not this quarter but I think the last two quarters a little bit of his – two quarters ago, with a little bit of history on card acquisitions and you're right. These are gross numbers. We don't net out attrition through attrition hasn't changed a lot the last couple of years. There's some lumpiness and attrition because there are times when we'll embark on a program where we take inactive accounts and terminate them. But attrition materially hasn't changed much in a few years. So that slide two quarters ago will give you a little bit of a sense for some of the historical numbers to compare that 2.1 million to. And as I said in my remarks, some good portion of the increment above the standard run rate, though not all, is driven by the success we've had in putting other AmEx products into the hands of Costco co-brand Card Members. When you think about retention, I'd just remind you, though, of a couple other things we've said over the course of the past year. One is that we talked a while back about how in Canada, where there was no portfolio sale, at one point last year, we talked about retaining a little over 50% of the out-of-store spend. And when we said that, we were very quick to say, and in the U.S., you would expect the number to be significantly lower because there is a portfolio sale. And because we have been and continue to operate under a series of contractual restrictions about how we can market to Costco co-brand Card Members, and once the sale happens in mid-June, those Card Members will no longer be known to us, and they will be customers of one of our competitors. So that should produce a very different result. Within the box I just tried to paint for you, though, I would say we're pleased with our results thus far. But I will go back a little bit to my response to Sanjay's question and say the real battle for the hearts and minds of our customers is still in its early stages, I would say.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I think – so you're correct, Rick. If you are a charge card holder we have a product, we call LOC, lending on charge, that allows you to carry a balance. And some portion of our loan growth comes from our probably renewed focus on both marketing that product, making it easy for our customers to use, and some of our customers really like that. That would not count as a new card. But it is one of the things – one of the many things we're doing to help drive a little higher growth in our loan balances. I think it is important to point out though, Rick, another change though you have seen really over the last couple of years is a little bit of a renewed focus by us on making sure we also have the right lending-oriented products. And I think the launch of the EveryDay card is a good example of that in recent years. Clearly, there's a lot of focus these days on the cash-back market and we think our Blue Cash card is a very competitive and generally lending-oriented card in that space. So, yeah, we talk a lot about the breadth of our product line and we really believe in the breadth of our product line, because it allows us to have many different kinds of value propositions so we can reach out to many different segments of the marketplace. And I think our efforts around lending, whether it be what we're doing for charge Card Members through LOC, or some new products like EveryDay, or some products that have been around for a little while like Blue Cash are all manifestations of that strategy of having a very targeted and broad product strategy.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me maybe, David, make a few comments. I don't want to make too many specific comments about a competitor's product. I would point out though that obviously we were quite engaged in negotiations with Costco ourselves. And as part of any co-brand negotiations, you talk a lot about the value proposition as part of the negotiation. So I don't think we were particularly surprised. I'd make a few other points, though, and I'm going to go back actually to something I just said in response to Rick. We really focus on and think a strength of ours is the breadth of our product line and the way that allows us to have different value propositions for different segments of the market. There is not one cash-back market. There's not one rewards market. There's lots of different customer segments, and they value different things. The Citi Costco product will be a good product that will appeal to a certain demographic, a certain segment. I would point out it's sort of a cash-back product. You can actually only use it, including our co-brand card, at Costco in terms of the rewards. And if you look at our cash-back portfolio, the Blue Cash product, we feel really good about that value proposition. It has been a real – one of the real engines of customer acquisition for us. It's got good economics. It is a lend-oriented product to some of my comments fairly earlier. And it seems to compete very well in the face of the current competitive landscape, which in pure math probably includes some products that are a little richer than the Costco co-brand. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are. And I wouldn't anticipate that there's anything that we've seen in the latest announcements that will cause us to change our current strategies. I also want to come back, David, to your comments about the second half. Maybe I want to be a little careful here and not overplay the forecast uncertainty in the second half. The reason I brought it up is I thought I was stating something fairly obvious, which is that it is an unprecedented change in the industry. We are trying very hard to be transparent and balanced in our outlook. And so as we have said for quite some time, the second half by definition includes a little bit more uncertainty. But there's really nothing new about our view there. There's nothing new that we've seen in the marketplace that caused us to be any less certain. And in fact, with each passing week, we know more than we knew the week before.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I think, David, that's a good question. I think I'd actually broaden your statement a little bit. So in our experience, customers make decisions for many different reasons and value different things. And we really try to focus on both having different products that target what each customer segment most values and trying to think about and really leverage the things that we can most uniquely offer. So the strength of our brand is the first thing I think you always have to start with, which is the strength of our brand and its reputation for high-level service, and trust, and really taking the side of our customers is something that I think is hard for others to match, and we think is something that allows us to appeal to customers as something that is difficult for a competitor to copy. When you look at the rewards oriented customer, the breadth and depth and size of our membership rewards program allows us to offer a range of ways for people to use what's really an alternative currency in some way. It is very difficult for others to match, because they just don't have the size and scale of the program we have. When you look at our closed loop network, you're correct. It allows us to do some things on the offer side in particular not only do some things that are merchant funded, but also do some things that use our evolving big data capabilities to be very targeted in ways that are difficult for others to match. We have the lowest fraud rates in the industry, which is part – one part of the advantages of our closed loop, very difficult for others to match. So I could go on, and we should go on to the next question, but the point I'm trying to make is we are all about trying to think about the unique things we can offer to a customer that derive from our unique position as a closed loop global network with a great brand and great reach, rather than just say this is about mathematically competing on one particular aspect of a card's economics.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yeah. So two good questions, Moshe. So the leap year, there's a little bit of arc but obviously it's somewhere around 1% in terms of billings. You could have an interesting discussion about customer behaviors, so there's an extra day in a month, but it's probably somewhere around 1%. You have other year-over-year factors as you think about the quarter as well. I would point out you have lower gas prices, we're particularly T&E oriented probably more than most, so lower airline ticket prices in my old industry probably impact us as well. When you think about Costco, as I said in my remarks, when you look at the incremental cards we're acquiring, a significant portion of the increment is driven by those efforts but other AmEx products into the hands of Costco co-brand Card Members. I don't want to be more specific for competitive reasons beyond that. What I would say is that's also part of what drives our statement as I said earlier that we'd expect as you get into the back half of this year and next year, a little bit further uptick in the financial metrics, because as we put those cards in the hands of people, it does take some time before you really see a meaningful financial impact, you've got to put the card in people's hands. They slowly start to build spend, lend takes a while to build, et cetera. So those are probably the added comments I would make about our Q1 metrics, Moshe.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me – again, let me make sure I know exactly where you're going with the question. The answer to the first part is pretty straightforward. Yes. When you look at our coverage today versus that of the two dominant networks, it's really – the gap is all about small merchants for the most part with very rare exceptions like Costco which only accepts AmEx today. And medium and large size merchants generally we deal with directly and our coverage is pretty much at parity. So it's really all about the small merchants, and that's where we clearly concluded that we need the arms and legs and help of the third-party merchant acquirers to reach the many, many, many millions of small merchants where there is a fair amount of churn as well to get them into our network. That's also why as we just look at the sheer math the fact that we now have agreements with merchant acquirers who cover 99% of the merchants in the U.S., we feel pretty confident in saying it's a matter of time before they are able to put us into all of those merchants. So that's the logic behind OptBlue and how the small merchants fit in with the medium to large merchants. So the question is, are we learning anything in OptBlue that would cause us to change our view about the direct connections we have with the larger merchants? I would say the short answer is no. We really value those connections. I think the merchants value them. We are able because of the closed loop – this goes to some of the comments I made earlier we think to bring some value to those relationships that are not always easy for others to match and so we very much want to keep those connections.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: You know, we certainly don't profess to have any view that others don't that allows us to forecast interest rates. I'd also remind you of two things. Because our company economics are 75% to 80% discount revenue and fee revenue driven, we are far less interest rate sensitive than our competitors and peers, and because of our charge card franchise, we're the opposite of most of our peers in that a rising interest rate environment is not positive for us. That said, if you looked to Q1, the reality is it takes a while for particularly our funding rates to adjust much, so I would guess that the Fed's December rate rise was probably pretty neutral for us on balance in Q1. I don't think it really had a material impact one way or the other.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, in terms of the case, I'd say we could hear anywhere from tomorrow morning to a year from now. There's just no way to know really what the timeline is, the appellate court finished their hearings some months back. As you recall, very importantly, and very unusually, after or around the hearing, they chose to reinstate a stay on the district judge's order. That's quite unusual for a court to do. But we'll have to see where the opinion comes out and as I said we really just have no insights into the timing. You know, is it contemplated in our 2016 and 2017 outlook? Obviously, we'll have to see what the judge says. I guess I'd make a couple of comments. One, the district judge's order was fully implemented for some number of months until the appellate court put a stay back on it. So it's not – there you certainly didn't see any immediate impact in that instance. And clearly, we wouldn't be fighting this case and going to court with the federal government if we didn't think there was a very important and fundamental issue at stake here. I would say it's a very important and fundamental long-term issue.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, yeah, that was some weeks ago and we haven't heard a word. And truly we have no insights into when the court might issue. I'm not even sure we get any advanced notice. I think they just posted to their website. We see it as others see it, so...
Jeffrey C. Campbell: So, Bill, I think you got it just right. Just to confirm, and I'd play back what you said using slightly different words. So, yes, we expect the Costco gain to come in, in June, approximately $1 billion. Unlike previous years, we are spreading across evenly throughout the year our investment or growth-oriented spend, the biggest chunk of which appears in marketing and promotion. So to be very granular, that means that if you just look at our marketing and promotional line for all of 2016, you should expect it to look about like it did in 2015. And in fact, you just saw us in Q1 raise Q1 closer to an average level that you will see across the next three quarters. So that's what you'll see on the marketing and promotional line. And so really, the gain will mostly, to your point, fall to the bottom line in the second quarter although I do think there's one other important caveat to remind people, which is we do expect more restructuring charges, including some, hard to quantify right now, in the second quarter and those would be some incremental offset to the gain as well. And those restructuring charges, just to be crystal clear, because of the challenge in trying to estimate them, we have, as we provided our $5.40 to $5.70 EPS outlook, said that excludes all restructuring charges this year, just to give you a clearer, cleaner view into the performance of the company.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yeah. I guess a way, if you – the way to think about that, Bill, would be to say if you go to Investor Day, I made the point that as you roll into 2017, you should expect to see our marketing and promotional costs come down $200 million to $400 million. And most, though not 100%, but most of our customer acquisition costs appear in that line. And so that gives you maybe some rough sense of the level of elevation. If that line is $3.5 billion this year and you're talking about a $300 million, let's pick a midpoint, decrease that says maybe you're coming down 10% next year, which also implies that you're sort of elevated 10% this year. So it's an important increment in light of the goal we have around the spend and lend of the Costco co-brand Card Members. It's an important percentage in terms of the competitive environment. But I think sometimes people overplay just how big that increment is as we get ever more efficient with our acquisition efforts every year, and I made the point that two-thirds of our consumer acquisitions in Q1 were digital. It's those kind of statistics that would give us confidence that we can continue to edge that number down without seeing a significant impact on our acquisition efforts.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I'm going to go back a little bit, Mark, to some of my earlier comments about what we try to do at American Express with all of our products is leverage all of the attributes of the company and our brand. And so, we are not particularly trying to target, to use your term, the gamers. And in fact, we'll work a little bit to specifically not attract the gamers. So, we feel pretty good, I would say, on balance about the economics of the Blue Cash card. And certainly one of the things we watch is the overall portfolio of consumer cards that we have in the U.S. or for that matter in any market. And so when you look at our card acquisitions, yes, the Blue Cash card has been a particular important acquisition engine in recent quarters, but I'd point out to you that's because part of what we're trying to do is put replacement cards in the hands of people who formerly had a Costco co-brand card. And so the Blue Cash card tends to appeal to that segment of the market. Meanwhile, we've continued our historical acquisition efforts with Gold, with Platinum, the Delta card is going tremendously well, and I think you've heard Delta make some comments about that as well. So, we have a range of products, and Blue Cash is just one of them which appeals to a particular segment is lend oriented and is producing perfectly fine economics for us. In terms of an overall rewards rate, we don't really look at it that way. I guess what I'd say is certainly rewards costs, the cash rebate rewards costs are growing faster than our company average, because those products are growing faster than the company average. And you see me calling that out a little bit in my discussion earlier about the calculated discount rate. There is still a very modest piece of the overall company's cards and economics, though, is one important thing to keep in mind. So, look, I'd say this is all part of our strategy of having the broadest product line and offering lots of different value propositions. We make sure that all of the value propositions are economic for our shareholders while providing good value to customers, and I think the Blue Cash card fits right into that vein.
