Steve Squeri: We're confident. Look, the spending speaks for itself. I mean, just look at some of these numbers. You've got goods and services up 16%. Our U.S. consumer is up 22%. Millennial spending is up 39%. Our T&E spending is up 57%. International spending is 37%. We haven't seen any change. And you can look at this quarter-over-quarter. And the reality is that, last quarter was a record level quarter in terms of spending, and this is like, I don't know, $1 billion behind or something like that. But if you look at year-over-year growth, we're not seeing any changes in consumer spending behavior at all. And look, that's not to say that things may not change, but I can only look at what I'm seeing right now. And if I look from a forward perspective, the question that we get is, what about T&E, can T&E spending hold so forth and so on? And look, I think you heard Ed Bastian last week, and he talked about not only what's been going on at Delta, but what they see going on through the holiday season. I think you've heard Chris Nassetta as well say the same kinds of things and what's happening with Hilton, and -- the of our biggest partners. And so, when we look at our consumer travel booking, we see higher bookings than we've seen in a long, long time. I mean that goes pre-pandemic. So if I look three out, because the next question that people ask is, what does the holiday season look like? Well, the holiday season, from a travel perspective, looks really, really strong, because people are booking three months out. And if you're going to be traveling, you're probably going to be going to restaurants. And if you're traveling in some place, you're probably bringing presents with you as well. So we don't see anything really changing over the next three months. And as we go into next year, we still feel really good about what our growth plan is. And the only thing I would say is, because I think I need to say this, is that if things change, we will be prepared to pivot. And I think people saw that during the pandemic. We've got our recession playbook, you have a credit cycle playbook, and we'll pull that playbook lever if we need to pull it. But to pull it at this particular point in time, does it make any sense. We're seeing strong growth and we're seeing strong credit results overall. So right now, nothing new. And the way I would headline this is that, this quarter looks like the first quarter, which looked like the second quarter, and it's the third quarter. It's another strong quarter for us. And the only thing that I would say is, I mean, when you look at our model, I think not only this quarter but this year, it really shows the strength of our differentiated business model. We have a different model than other people out there in the market. And I think that's coming through in our statistics. Year-over-year earnings growth and the top line revenue growth is not something you're used to seeing from us, unless you've been looking at the last six quarters.
Steve Squeri: So, if you think about operating sort of in a recession operating in the playbook, I think the first thing you have to realize is that when you look at sort of credit and you look at how you acquire customers and how you underwrite customers, those are things that we do on an ongoing basis, right? And so we've been -- we make adjustments daily, weekly. I mean the models are constantly being updated and changing, and our return thresholds are changing. And so as we say, we manage through the cycle. When we look Card Members, we manage that so that coming through that, there is profitability, okay? And so we will continue to do that. And I'll point you back to the pandemic and what we did during the pandemic because I think that's a really good -- it's a really good model for us. So, what did we do? Well, we pulled back on your Card Member acquisition because, number one, we didn't have enough transparency at that particular point in time. And number two, maybe we weren't feeling good about sort of the Card Members that we could acquire at that point. But we never shut it down. We still acquired Card Members. So, you would see that. The only thing I would point out is we've been trending from a marketing perspective to spend well in excess of $5 billion. If you go back pre-pandemic, that number was between $3.5 billion and $3.9 billion. And so it gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of delevering our marketing expenditure.  The other thing you have to realize is that a lot of our cost of Card Member services are variable in terms of spending. And so they -- and rewards as well go up and they go down as spending increases. And so I have a lot of confidence in our ability to flex our marketing numbers down. I have tremendous confidence in our ability to flex our operating expenses because operating expenses in a lot of ways go along with a lot of our volumes. So, -- and we've proven we can do that. And I think our underwriting, you would continue to tighten that up, but that's something that we look at on an ongoing basis. That's not something that you sort of just sort of end up when you get into it, you're tightening that up as you go along and as you see at any signals. And then the last thing I would say is you get into credit and collections and your ability to help our card members in a thoughtful way and your ability to collect money. And I think that a lot of the programs that we introduced during the pandemic with programs that we would be taking off the playbook. And the last point I would say is our card base is not representative of the US economy. We -- when you look at the share of card that we have in this marketplace and a number of card members, it's obviously well below double-digits. And they're not necessarily representative of what's going on in the broader economy. And the last point that I would make is a lot of people trying to equate what's going on with the stock market and going on in spending. There is no correlation in our history of that. The thing that you do worry about is unemployment and in particular, white collar unemployment. And so as we think about professionals that could potentially be laid off, that's something that you look at. But again, our models take all that into account. And we've been through this -- we've been through that kind of stuff before, and I think we're very well prepared for it.
Steve Squeri: I can't comment on the Jack Harlow concert, not that I can't comment on it, I'm not aware of the surgeon and account acquisition. I'm sure it didn't hurt us. Look, I think that what you've seen here is we're not going out and just trying to grab the lots and lots of cards. I mean we're out there. We're having high-value cards. And the value proposition is obviously strong. And the value propositions are really playing well with millennial and Gen Z. It's 60% of our card acquisition. And, well, I don't have the numbers handy with me in terms of how the ramping goes in year one spending here. What I would point out is we're acquiring 60% of the cards that we're acquiring are millennial and Gen Z. And that cohort was up 39% this quarter. So I think this whole concept of generational relevance in bringing people into the franchise early and bringing them in on a premium product that they can really embed their lives into has really helped us out tremendously as opposed to bringing them in on a fee-free product and then trying to upgrade them along. I think a lot of millennials and Gen Zs are using this product. And again, as we've always said, we are just a payment product. I mean, we view ourselves as a lifestyle brand and as a lifestyle product. And the Jack Harlow concert is a good example of the things that we do to embed ourselves in people's lives. And we talked about resi and we talked about travel. And those services and those bookings are going up, and people are using that. And so it's just more than just the payment product. So again, Mark, I don't have the sort of first year ramp-up spending, but 39% is a pretty good indication. As far as we're going to acquire 3.3 million cards next quarter, I don't really have any idea. I mean we'll acquire those cards that as we underwrite them, they make sense for us to go -- they will be profitable through the cycle. Could that be 3.3%? Yes, it could be 3.3, it could be 2.9, it could be 3.5. We don't -- we're not in card acquisition targets what we're looking at is acquiring those card members that meet our criteria. And it just so happened that it was 3.3 this particular quarter.
Steve Squeri: Well, I mean, let's just start -- we'll talk about a little about goods and services spending, which, I mean, which is really when you start to talk about online and offline. Look, our goods and services spending is 16%, and it's -- the growth rate is split pretty evenly. In fact, off-line may be growing slightly more than online, but both in that 15% to 17% range. So -- and I think that's sustainable. I think that, obviously, online spending popped up, but offline spending is back above pre-pandemic levels. So we feel really good about both. I think consumers are -- I mean, drive past the mall. I mean, consumers are out there shopping and spending. And they're also ordering online. And so, I think, it's sort of a double hit for us in a very positive way. So we're very comfortable with the 16% goods and services spending, and that's approximately 70% of all of our spending. As far as small business, small business continues to perform very, very well. And we've had -- in this quarter, we had 17% growth, and that's -- it's a large piece of our business. And we're doing more and more things with our checking account, with Kabbage and small business loans and so forth. So we feel good about small business, and it continues to perform really well for us.
Steve Squeri: No, I don't think it's going to make a difference in the mix of, as Jeff said, in the mix of our overall breakup of revenue. But I think what it also gives us an opportunity is to actually acquire more spending. And when we did not have that feature, that group may have started off with a competitive lending card or we may have put them on a blue cash have you part. And so what's happening is, and I think this bears this out in the spending numbers of 39% growth, that cohort is consolidating their spending and they're consolidating their spending with our product, and it's giving them an opportunity to earn more rewards. And so I don't really think it changes the credit profile, I think it gives us an opportunity to actually capture more spend and to ultimately capture more revenue. And the more important part is, I think the lifetime value of these customers is going to be a lot more than the lifetime value of where we acquired previously, because we're going to run these people right through. We're going to run these consumers right through the cycle and they're going to be with us from day one, and I think that's really important. So I don't think it changes the profile of our revenue. I don't think it changes the profile of the riskiness of our company, but I do think it gives us an opportunity to grow more spending and obviously to capture more revenue from this segment.
Steve Squeri: Yes. And I think what's also important to realize is that this loan growth is not all revolving balances here, right? I mean, so that's an important point. But spending growth like we've had will drive overall loan growth. And yes, it's -- we've had a large year-to-date sort of spend spending in growth. But if you just look at it sort of sequentially quarter-to-quarter, because we had pretty much the same card growth, you only have about $4 billion in overall loan growth on a sequential basis. But you do have quite a bit year-over-year. So it's not like all of a sudden, this thing just jumped up, spending continues. Spending has continued on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and that drives up lending -- loan growth, excuse me.
Steve Squeri: No. I think the tech investment strategy remains the same. And I mean, there was an article on us ramping up hiring. And there's a lot of contracted conversion that we're doing. I mean anybody that's in financial services has their own employee base and has a large contractor base. And so it's not necessarily an indication of increased headcount in technology, nor is it an indication of being late in the game. What it is an indication of is a balancing act between our contracted population and our overall colleague population. So we've been pretty steady with our investment over the last couple of years, and we'll continue that same level of tech investment this year. And what was your first question, Don? So the international piece of this, I think from an international perspective, I just think that there is -- when you run a global company, it is really important to make sure that you bring the best and the brightest to bear on all the problems and issues that you have. And when you think about acquiring card members, engaging card members and retaining card members, having a dual or a try market structure sometimes can slow down your speed and your agility versus having a single market leader looking at making what are the right investment decisions for that market. And so how many small business cards we could acquire? How many consumer cards we acquire? How do you adjudicate what customers should get a small business or a consumer card? I think this will allow us not only to get products to market faster, but to also make sure that we're putting the right investment in the right channels as we move across. As far as extra money being invested in international, we have an enterprise investment strategy, and we will put the money where the best returns are. So if we can get more returns out of investing in market A or market B versus the US or vice versa, we will do that. And the other thing that I would say, look, I've been here for a long, long time. And organizational constructs change for the times that you're in. And for the technology that's available for the value propositions that are available, I mean this is, in some ways, a little bit back to the future. We did globalize all these things, but now we feel it's better to take these global capabilities that we have and deploy them on a much more local level, with more local decision making and more adjudication between sort of the various business units. So we just think that will be a more effective and faster way. And coming out of the pandemic, I think speed of decision-making and agility will be really important.
Steve Squeri: I mean, chunky organic investments, I mean, you've seen how we've driven our marketing spending and to acquire Card Members while, as Jeff said, making it harder to get a card. So I think that -- I think we've leaned in on our marketing investments. We feel really good about our technology investments. And look, we're always looking at opportunities to tuck things in that makes sense for us. I mean, whether it was Kabbage or Resy or LoungeBuddy or Acompay and so forth. We're always looking at those things that will add -- will be adjacent and add to our organic core. What we're not looking for, things that are sort of outside of our universe. I think, we've proven that we can expand with our customer base. We can expand the services that we're offering and looking at additional services that lead them to more spending or lead to more acquisition opportunities, which, when you look at Resy, people look at Resy as a restaurant reservation system. We look at that as a way to engage our card members. That is a way to engage with our restaurants. And we're looking at it as a way to acquire new card members. And so -- and Acompay is another one, where it's an ability to pick up more B2B spending. So we're always on the lookout for capabilities. And if the right valuation comes along, with the right set of capabilities, yeah, we'll take advantage of it. But as far as leaning in on organic investments, I think we've leaned in. I think we've invested in marketing. We've invested in card member services. We've invested in our value proposition, and we've invested in our colleagues and continue to keep our investment levels up in technology.
Steve Squeri: Okay. That's very clear now. So look, in terms of the Durbin proposal, it's a proposal. I can't speculate how this is going to come out and whether -- it obviously is not going to impact us because we're a three-party system. So we don't really see that impacting us negatively, will it impact us positively or will it actually happen? We continue to look at it, and we'll see what happens there. Look, as far as the regulatory environment, it's a tough regulatory environment. And I think in a lot of ways, the objective is to protect consumers and to be transparent with consumers, and we applaud all of that. And so I think the CFPB is talking about late fees and things like that. And these are not material parts of our revenue streams. But I think transparency with consumers is really, really important, and we obviously want to see all that. But I don't think the regulatory environment is any tougher than it's been over the last few years, and we'll continue to operate in that environment. Obviously, it adds -- sometimes it adds a little bit of cost to comply with certain things, whether that means technological changes or what have you. But it's just like competition. It really -- it's always there. And you have to make sure that you're investing to meet the regulatory guidelines, and we'll continue to do that. But I don't see it as a big headwind for us or a headwind at all for us as we move forward.
Jeff Campbell: And Ryan, let me just add maybe a few other comments to try to dimension when Steve and I used a term like, well, we know how to pivot if we need to. I would remind everyone that GDP in the U.S. shrank in the first two quarters of this year, and we've been putting up revenue growth in the 24% to 30% range, steadily right through that. I'd remind you that I talked about our credit reserve is influenced by macroeconomic forecast. And so you can go look at what the Fed said in September. You can go look at what Moody's is saying. And they are predicting modest upticks in unemployment. And that's contemplated in everything Steve and I have said and in the guidance that we've provided. If you look at October, October is just a continuation of all that Steve just talked about thus far. So we feel good about the guidance we've given. We are acknowledging the environment we're in. But I don't want people to overplay our reaction to the fact that growth has been pretty slow in the U.S. because with our differentiated business model, as Steve just pointed out, performing very strongly in this environment.
Jeff Campbell: Before I get to credit reserve, Sanjay, I can't resist just adding though. You said, well, what would you do in a mild recession. I don't want to get into the cool debate here about semantics, but some could argue that from a growth perspective. We're in a mild recession and we just grew revenues 27% and to turn it to our credit reserves. Our credit reserve adjustments do include the latest economic forecast, which has unemployment ticking up a little bit next year, and that's included in all of our forward-looking comments. As you point out and maybe to help everyone, Sanjay, I think it's on Slide 12 in our deck today. Our day one credit reserve percentages of total loans were 4.6%. This quarter, they were all the way down at 3.2%. I will point out that if you look across the industry that is by far the lowest percentage. It's also the lowest percentage relative to day one. There's differential timing that all the different financial institutions have had over the last couple of years just due to the vagaries of the way the accounting works here. But as you sit here today, our reserve balance both on an absolute basis and relative to that day one basis is below the industry. And that makes sense, Sanjay, because we have, by far, the most premium book in the industry. We have, by far, the strongest credit metrics. And relative to pre-pandemic in that day one number, our credit profile is stronger today. All the talk you hear from Steve and I and Doug and others about our record success bringing more premium consumers into the franchise over the last couple of years has an impact on credit profile as well. So all else being equal, you would not expect our reserve percentage of loans to get back to where it was day one CECL because the average credit profile is stronger than it was day one CECL.
Jeff Campbell: The only two comments I would add are amongst the modest risk management adjustments we've made across the course of this year, as we have significantly actually raised our financial hurdles required for some of the new card members that we're bringing in and still just brought in a record level, which tells you something about the level of demand that we see right now due to all of the trades that Steve just talked about. I'd also point out, as I said in my earlier remarks, that, that average customer whose behavior we track every single month is coming in with much higher spend patterns, much better average credit quality and a much greater average fee component than what we were seeing pre-pandemic.
Jeff Campbell: So thank you for the question, Betsy. I will say, I think foreign exchange movements, very dramatic right now and more dramatic than they've been in many years. I think are a little difficult to communicate and hard for a lot of people to fully understand. So you've seen dramatic moves in many of the currencies that are most important to us, from the yen to the euro, to the pound. And so when you look at our revenue growth this quarter, that's why you saw a 300 basis points difference between the FX-adjusted revenue growth and the reported revenue growth 24%. Now on the bottom line, it is a much more muted impact, Betsy, because, of course, we also have a very large proportion of our colleagues outside the US to go with all that business that we do around the globe, the cost of rewards in all those countries is in the local currencies. So the impact on our earnings per share is pretty de minimis. I think we have a 10-K disclosure, where we talk about over the course of a full year movement maybe costing you $0.10. That's a quarter. So that's why I don't really call it out when I think about EPS. When you convert all that into our guidance, it's why we're very comfortable saying we're going to be above our EPS guidance range. We left our reported revenue growth number the same as it was previously. I would expect to be a couple of hundred basis points above that reported revenue guidance on an FX-adjusted basis. So I'll conclude by saying, in some ways, what we're saying is -- our revenue performance has exceeded our expectations of 90 days ago. That has sort of offset the foreign exchange headwinds, which are a little bit greater on the revenue side than what I would have expected 90 days ago. But at the bottom line, you don't really need to factor it in that much.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. So I think, Rick, it's a good question, because you are good to point out that there's been a significant change as we have, from our perspective, added more functionality for all of our customers on what our traditional charge products. And many to most of those customers still use them as traditional charge products and leave it paying off every 30 days and some occasionally take advantage of their new functionality and being able to carry a balance if they want for a little bit. But when you think about the impact on the company, Steve used the term a couple of times today, our differentiated business model. If you look over time, our net interest income is about 19%, 20% of our overall revenues. And that's where it was many years ago. And frankly, that's where we'd expect it to be many years from now. Because as much as we see an opportunity to get a little bigger share of our both consumer and small business customers lending wallet, we grew fees 23% this quarter. And we are seeing tremendous growth in discount revenue. So we do get great growth and expect to continue to get great growth on the lending side, but I don't actually expect it to make a big difference in the overall mix of revenues that we have as a company or in the business model we have.
Jeff Campbell: Let me just start, Dominick, with a few stats that I think are important and then Steve may want to add. I mean the biggest thing driving, of course, the 31% growth in loans, tremendous growth in spending, right? So we are in a recovery mode of spending and seeing tremendous progress there. And customers are also beginning to rebuild balances a little bit. So I think it's fair and natural. So yes, I think when you look at those who have reported thus far, you're seeing industry-leading growth in loans, but you're also seeing industry-leading growth and spending. I think that's very, very important to put those two together. So I think we feel good about the trends and expect them to continue. And I would expect long-term, just as we were before the pandemic, to grow a little faster than the industry on lending and to do it while still maintaining best-in-class credit.
Jeff Campbell: So I would expect most for the next couple of quarters to see the revolving or interest-bearing portion of those balances grow a little bit faster than the overall loan growth because we're not quite back to pre-pandemic levels of behavior. I think our expectation is, overtime, and I think it may take a while still you will eventually get back to pre-pandemic types of behavior. The other factor I would point to goes a little bit to Rick Shane's earlier question, which is you do have this evolution going on as we've added a little bit more functionality to some of our charge products. So those customers who have the traditional charge products, but have that pay overtime feature and to use it less than your traditional credit card or revolving customers. So that's putting a little bit of complexity in tracking our numbers here. But I think in terms of watching the macro trend, I would expect loan balances to grow a little bit faster than the industry. I would expect the next couple of quarters, the revolving portion to grow a little bit faster than the loan growth, and I would expect all of those things to really set down into steady-state levels about where they were pre-pandemic.
Jeff Campbell: And the only thing I would add is that, just like that spend is coming from existing customers, the loan growth is predominantly coming from existing customers that we know well, who have a better average credit profile, and we feel good about our winning through the cycle models that tell us these are customers who we should have in any environment. And I think I'll come back to my earlier comments about our credit reserve levels are still below everyone else in the industry. They're below relative to day one CECL where others are, and that's appropriate given our strong credit profile. So we feel good about where we are.
