Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess I would say couple things about the spending trend. As I said the sequential decline was clearly stronger amongst the small business and corporate card member segment. I think it is also important to point out that the sequential trend across the quarter and well that's something we are always very cautious as you know Craig to draw too much attention to because there is inherent volatility when you look at any short term period. But we did see the second half being stronger than the first. And I would say in the first few days of April, we haven't seen anything that contradicts that general trend. We do lots of internal analysis where we make a number of adjustments to how we look at our spending considering exactly what the days are or the week are in this period, trying to use historical patterns around holidays to make adjustments so when I make comments about trends they are considering all of those adjustments. All that said, there is clearly some art to doing something like an adjustment for a holiday like Easter that moves around quite a bit from year-to-year. So we take what we think is a fairly sophisticated approach to those adjustments but there are some subjectivity to it. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, when you look at our loan growth Don it is actually been pretty consistent for the last few quarters at around 3% to 4%, globally it was 3%, this quarter little higher in the U.S., 4%. And when you look as you know at the industry data the industry has been bouncing around flat, sometimes down little bit. I think the February year-to-date numbers were up about half a point in the U.S. So we have certainly been pleased by the fact that our loan growth was holding steady at a little bit above that industry average. But frankly you don't see anything in our first quarter result that suggest any particular acceleration of that trend or do we see it yet in the industry data we’ve looked at. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think Mark that's a very good question, really goes to the flexibility of our business model. As I said in my earlier comments, I would actually take you and other folks back to the February FCM when we showed that we have a quite a number of levers that we can pull and have a history of pulling. So certainly I would stick to the remarks I made a few minutes ago that the 4% decline year-over-year you see in the first quarter is not indicative of what you would expect -- should expect the next couple of quarters, there were some timing items. But we are very committed to using the flexibility of our business model to achieve our earnings targets. I think we have a pretty strong track record pulling various levers and how much we let operating expenses, and other expenses grow over the remainder of this year will certainly be heavily influenced by the economic environment we see. We don't try to out-guess the economic forecasters and we build plans based on consensus GDP forecast. The consensus has actually come down slightly in the last 90 days but we certainly hope that that’s wrong and we hope the economy shows strong acceleration from here, but we think we have the flexibility in our business to react to whatever environment we face.
Jeff Campbell: You have very sharp eyes for somebody who has only had an hour or two to stare at the voluminous amount of material we put out, so yes you are correct. The consumer travel business shows a decline of about 7%. That's actually driven by the fact that we’ve sold a small part of that business that provided the packaged vacation, it was such a small transaction not particularly material so we didn't bother to call it out last year but that actually is what the loss of the revenue associated with that business or what drove the 7% decline. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, we continue Sanjay to think that the 8% revenue target is an appropriate target on average over time and a non-average and over time economic environment. You are quite factually correct but if you look at the last few years our revenue has -- tends to be a little bit below that level. I would point out that despite that we have shown much better performance on the EPS side due to the flexibility of the business model I just talked about. We certainly have an economic environment over the last year that has not gotten to the global economies or in particular the U.S. economy’s long term average trend. Certainly when you look at the original GDP consensus forecast for this year, there is target to approach those long term averages. It appears based on what economic data is out there so far that's probably not going to be the case the first quarter. And that is probably reflected somewhat in our results. But we would not in any way want to back off from the appropriateness of that 8% target and we continue to believe that as the economy returns to more normal growth rates, you will see us head towards that.  The other part of your question, we certainly are always balancing across our investment portfolio, things that are going to help us in the near term to medium term and the long term. And we have made a number of incremental investments and did some stepped up investing towards the latter part of last year and those are things that as you – if we follow normal patterns will help us as we get further into 2014 and beyond. You also as I mentioned in our remarks saw us launch a few – a new product in the U.S. market EveryDay just at the end of the last quarter. We just re-launched Serve at the end of last year, those are things that again as you get later into 2014 and beyond, you will begin to see meaningful contributions. 
Jeff Campbell: Those are both very good questions, Bill. So first just may be to it sounds like you got and may be I should be making clear for everyone. So as we execute on the joint venture transaction that will shift our accounting to the equity method which means that all you will see in our P&L will be are proportionate 50% share of the joint venture's earnings each quarter. We won't report any revenues, we won't report any expenses. So that means you will see the travel and other commissions revenue line come down significantly into that line predominant thing within that line today is our revenues from the business travel joint venture. And then most of the expenses of business travel appear in the operating expense category. So both of those assuming we hit our current timeline beginning in the third quarter, you will no longer see the business travel amount in those rows. We will as we get close, as we get to in actual close give you the real specifics on that. But that's the structure or the methodology if you will but everyone should keep in mind as they think about what our finance statements will look like going forward. 
Jeff Campbell: So let me those two questions. So certainly we are committed to the amount that the Fed did not object to in our CCAR submission. There is a very small portion of the total each year that is a little tricky at the end because what the Fed actually approves, not to get too in the details here, is a net repurchase amount net of the proceeds we get from option exercises. So as we go through the year and we get to the fourth quarter of CCAR year which is really the first quarter of the calendar year, we make an estimate of what we think the option exercise is going to be that year and then we conservatively size our share repurchase in that last quarter to match that, so if you did all the math, you do see we grew about $60 million or so below for the fourth quarter period what was approved in our 2014 CCAR. That's just sort of not to get into detail too much as I said. That's the mechanics of the process we do our best to estimate what's going to happen but option exercises are not always the easiest thing to exercise. More importantly and more broadly, you are correct and we do very much remained committed to the philosophy that we believe we should have a well capitalized and strong balance sheet. We believe we should pursue all the internal capital spending and external opportunity that we think are prudent and offer good return to our shareholders, once we are done with those two things, we don't believe we should sit on excess capital and so we will return capital once we have hit those first two objectives to our shareholders through a mixture of dividends, and our dividend for the factoring for our profile we think is a competitive dividend, and then we use share repurchase to return the remaining capital. We think we have a tremendous track record of growth over many, many years as a company. We continue to believe we have many growth opportunities going forward. And so we believe that is a good financial proposition for our shareholders to continue to return capital to our shareholders and we are not therefore very indifferent to modest swings in the price. I would also just make the observation that our stock in a normal economy environment is not a particularly volatile stock. And so just not figure greatly in our repurchase efforts I guess is the last comment I just remind you that mechanically as a public company these all kinds of constrains under which we buyback shares so practically you end up with more of an averaging in approach when you are returning a large amounts of capital that we return to our shareholders. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, couple of comments. First just a mechanical comment. Remember what you actually see in our statements is what we refer to as GNMS which is a mixture of our GNS business and the proportionate share of the little over 20 countries where we do the proprietary acquiring of the merchant portion of the economics. So it's really the GNS growth rate are not the same as the GNMS growth rate. All that said and we don't break the GNS growth rate out publicly separately. All that said, when you look at that GNS billings number, I try to always remind people that while we are really pleased with that 15% number, a portion of that high growth is driven by China. And China as you know is a market where because of the regulatory environment; it is very difficult for any player to get a lot of economics out of the billings. We are pleased with what we have been doing in China because we think without any capital expenditure we are building awareness in presence in brand in China that we believe we will find ways to monetize over the longer term. But in the near term, China is the market that produces a significant number o billing in our GNS business and very, very little revenue. So the GNS revenue is below that billing's number but you can't see it when you look at the GNMS number.  
Jeff Campbell: Yes, good question. So the first, let me start on the facts, so when we first talked about this in February, we talked about the fact we had six merchant acquirers on board and we have been very pleased since then to add several more, and we think we are on a track to really get most of the industry on board and we are very excited about that. It is very, very early in the process. So we all need to watch and see how this plays out in the coming quarters and couple of years, but I would say all of our early experiences are positive and very reinforcing of the plans we set out at that February financial community meeting. And you are correct that there are some trade-offs here but what we also pointed out that we are in a fact offering a sort of my term a wholesale discount rate to the acquirer. There are also certain incentives that we have traditional paid to acquirer that go away, so that helps on portion of that wholesale rate that will just show up in a different place from financial perspective but helps offset it. Here the much more important thing is that we believe this program has the potential in the U.S. over the next several years to make very, very material dent in the coverage gap that we have in the U.S. And we think that is very powerful for our issuing businesses and can drive incremental volumes that will make this a very positive trade off for the company and for our shareholders. 
Jeff Campbell: Yes, that's a good question, Betsy. So to be very precise my comments are really directed at the economics with the very small merchants who are part of the OptBlue program. Now obviously any change with any merchant does affect the company's overall rate. But it is important to realize that while in merchants that we believe we will gain through this program are very important from a coverage and a perception of coverage perspective. In terms of the percentage of our total billing that these very small merchants generate that is very, very modest portion overall of our whole billings and therefore the impact on the company's overall discount rate is changes is very much moderated by that mathematical reality if you will. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, if you will, we don't like to break it out that specifically by month. I would just stick to the comments that the second half of the quarter was certainly stronger than the first half and we haven't seen anything in the early part of April that contradicts that trend. I'll also just make the observation that partly because of the closed loop, we have a tremendous amount of information by merchant by type of merchant, by industry, by city, by day, that allows us to do quite a detailed analysis of the impact of some of the most severe weather by city by day that you saw in a country and that's what makes us quite comfortable in my commentary that there certainly was weather impact in January and February.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess I would say we generally are not targeting our spend decision in terms of the benefit of spending, we do quite is precisely as you just suggested by so that we know the benefits and how they're going to appear by quarter. We generally are making investment choices that we think will help us over longer time period. Certainly as I pointed out in my remarks, as you get into Q2, you would expect to see some incremental spending in a number of areas supported by the business travel. We did just launch the EveryDay card at the end of March, so we are really just in the introduction phase of that. The Serve product is in its very early days since we just re-launched with vastly improved functionality towards the latter part of last year. And there are probably a few steps you will see us taking that are just another step on our journey of the coming days and ever more efficient company with a really good solid cost structure and some of the things would drive some one time charges. So all of those things are targeted at helping us as we move into the latter part of 2014 and beyond. But I wouldn't want to suggest that there was precise thing help us in any specific quarter. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, certainly so couple of comments. I gosh I don't want to get so specific that I am calling out specific numbers based on a few weeks. To step back for just a second and try a little bit context, I mean if you look over the last several years and our billing rates and our revenues rates, you will find some modest volatility quarter-to-quarter where we go up or down a point or two and it is not necessarily indicative of a long term trend so that's why we are cautious about even now talking about within a quarter or within a couple of weeks trends that overly specific. In terms of the specific geographies and industries I think it is all the things you would expect so if you pull out a weather database, you will see specific days in Europe and Boston and Chicago, in St. Louis of extreme weather and when we look at what happened in those places you see some pretty extreme results in those cities on those days, when you look at things like airline billings, it is lots of lots of public commentary about the massive, in fact that we record number of flights, that might whole industry manage to cancel in January and February, that's lost revenue to the airlines which is why they are talking a lot about how much revenue they lost, frankly it is also lost business to us. So those are the couple things I probably call out that are in these specific things we looked at. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, that certainly a logical connection, I mean at some point all of that start, we can't understand the psychology of everyone of our card members, so at some point I want to be careful here because it gets to us making some educated judgments and we can't prove that to you but those have -- that fact pattern would appear to fit together to us.
Jeff Campbell: Well, certainly the -- those discussions are something that we are following closely. We are very engaged in and we spend a lot of time trying to help all of the players involved there, understand the real economics and the real competitive dynamics of that market place. Just to level set for everyone I would remind people that we are somewhere to use -- may be I use a cricket term but yeah we are in somewhere in the middle innings right because they first the commission published their draft proposal, the parliament came out just a few weeks ago with their version of the recommendations, the next thing is that the European Council recommendations and then there is sort of the equivalent of a conference committee in the U.S. where they all come together. We are very engaged and certainly there are some things we think in the regulation that are -- have the potential to have some real untended consequences and achieve results that are probably not what the regulators intended. Those are the kinds of things we have a lot of dialogue with them amount. All that said, we do business in many, many countries around the globe with many different types of regulatory regimes. And frankly our business model varies from country to country. So we are used to and a little experienced that dealing with evolving environment and evolving our business models. This is the situation that is very important to us. We are watching it very closely. We are going to just have to see how this all plays out which we think will continue to take some time.
Jeff Campbell: No, not to go out on limb and guess politics but we don't. We would say at this point and you are correct that originally they were trying to get this done by April or May that is clearly not going to happen. Our view would be the earliest you could get to a resolution is probably much later this year and certainly could extend beyond that. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, you are correct that the run rate tends to be $70 million to $80 million a quarter. I think we often talk about fraud on a basis point level because our fraud rate when you just look at industry data or as you know about half the industry were just for 70 to 80 is good run rate. I don't know, did we disclose a specific number more specific; it doesn't vary that much from quarter-to-quarter usually. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, certainly we think that our ability to put together an offer eco system is particularly strong because of our close loop and a particular source of value both for our merchants and for our card members and of course card members value at the more we can customize for them, what we offer them and of course we are getting better that every month including using your location to be very specific to what we offer you. And we have seen growing interest on the part of merchants in using that eco system to help them drive business. So we are I think quite excited about our ability to continue to expand our efforts in this area and our ability to use it is one of the many key tenets we have to create value across our entire network of both card members and merchants. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, certainly I guess I made the couple of points. One, remember that our goal is to engage our card members in the reward program because that is really how we generate the most loyalty, the most spend and the best bottom line result. So feel an irony here is as a general statement it can be a very positive thing for us when our rewards expand goes up. We've also done a lot of work over the last years and you continue to see as every quarter really expand the range of redemption offers because people have lots of different preferences and lots of different likes and dislikes and we have found great receptivity amongst our card members to that growing range of offers, which I think someone may trying to do the kind of comparison you just described. A little trickier because you don't necessarily know the redemption pattern and some ways you can look at our rewards cost each quarter. And that does give you a macro view of how it is trending relative to billings. On EveryDay preferred, clearly we think we have a proposition here that is going to be very attractive to a segment of the market that fits our long standing risk profile that we are after but frankly a segment of the market we probably didn't have the right product for it. And certainly offering the right product to that demographic has to include having a competitive set of rewards, but I guess I will be a little cautious about extrapolating from that one data point anything overly broad about rewards in general. 
Jeff Campbell: Well, I don't if I used focus on the word credit. I like to think as I said if you look at this company over the last 30-40 years, we started out with a credit card with target our charge card, that was targeted in a very, very small group of customers who travel a lot in State at certain types of hotel. And there has been a steady evolution over decade of us moving beyond that initial very narrow customer demographic, moving beyond the very narrow merchant demographic and moving towards EveryDay spend, moving towards the broader customer base, we added lend products etcetera. And so when we look at things like the EveryDay card, the prepaid products, and the OptBlue program to expand merchant coverage, all of those things to us a part of long running trend in this company to extend the franchise and the brand which we think is so powerful. But that doesn't mean that we are changing the risk profile or the credit profile of the company. We think it means having the right product for different parts of the market. And matching that with ways that we provide value and merchant. So I -- yes we feel real opportunity here to continue to expand the footprint of our brand but this is not about changing our risk profile. For the EveryDay card, this is for people who already would have qualified for other products. And frankly we didn't really have a product that they thought was relevant for them. That's what we are trying to do. 
