Steve Squeri: So let me start and Jeff can maybe add some color as well. But this is not being driven by inflation, try and book a flight. So that's not inflation. Now that doesn't mean that the airline prices are not a little bit higher. But not just for T&E, but just for the overall business, transactions are up. We had billings up 35%. That's not sort of driven all by inflation. We don't have 35% of inflation. But -- as far as travel goes, you have to realize, people have not been traveling for probably two years. There's a tremendous pent-up demand for travel. I mean our bookings, just from a consumer perspective, on a global basis were up about 38% -- 37%. In the U.S., they were up 48%. That's not over last year. That's over 2019. So people are looking to get out there and travel. And I think that's what's driving us. That is not -- it is not inflation driven when we look at that T&E number. The other thing I think is important with the T&E number, 121% is a great number, but also let's put it in context. Is 121% over last year, it's not 121% over 2019. So we're not all the way back. Consumers back, but we're not all the way back. As far as large corporations go, and we're seeing it in our own company, people are looking to get out and not only gather with their own colleagues, but they're also looking to get out and meet with customers. You're seeing conferences come back and so forth. And so I know in our own company, we are getting together as a senior management team, our top 100, 150 people. We have some sales meetings that are going on because people have not seen each other, as well as you're seeing customers opening up their offices. And I think as far as COVID affecting all of this, I think we are starting to learn to live with this. The reality is COVID is not something I think we've all learned that is going away. We'll wind up dealing with this as we deal with the flu, as we deal with [Indiscernible], as we deal with other viruses, people will continue to get have colds and get sick and off will go. But I think the world is opening back up at this point, and people are excited to go out and see the world again, both from a business perspective and from a consumer perspective.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. I think as far as flexibility, I think we demonstrated we have tremendous flexibility during the pandemic, especially as that related to our marketing expenditures. And, obviously, as consumers and business travelers didn't use cost -- our card member services, you saw flexibility there. So that -- so those things we do have some control over. But as far as the plan and the guidance that we have, we feel really comfortable where we are from a $9.25 to $9.65. But more importantly, I think we feel comfortable on what we are doing day by day to make sure that we are in line with tracking what our 2024 growth aspirations, which is a sustainable 10% revenue and mid-teens EPS. And that's how we're running the company. As far as what we see under the hood, we see, as Jeff mentioned, a range of good investment opportunities and you have to understand, when we see investment opportunities from a card acquisition perspective, they are here today and gone tomorrow. So if you don't act on them, you don't get them. And so we will continue to drive value, shareholder value by continuing to invest in the business and to grow the business for the medium to the long term. And that's been a strategy that's worked for us, and that is going to be how we're going to run it. But right now, if I was to look at the beginning of the year versus now, I probably see better investment opportunities today than I did with the plan. But as we know, those investment opportunities, they pay back over time. And what they do is they set us up better for 2023 and for 2024. So we feel really good about the guidance. We feel really good about the underlying investments that we're making and we'll continue to make.
Steve Squeri: The general comment, I would make, John, as you know, we don't have in-house economists. So we tend to say, we should run the economy and run our guide to run the business, run our guidance based on the macroeconomic consensus, which is not for there to be a recession, and the Fed will say that, they are certainly focused on bringing inflation down without causing a recession. So that's what's built into our guidance, and that's how we're running the company. I think as Steve pointed out earlier, we have clearly demonstrated over the last couple of years, our ability to manage the company in a very agile way and react to a scenario that's different than what I just described. But in terms of our base level of planning, I don't think it's our role to second guess that general macroeconomic consensus.
Steve Squeri: Well, card fees are up because we continue to acquire more cards, and we're continuing to acquire. And I think we acquired 68% of the consumer cards we acquired were fee-based cards, which is still slightly below where we were, I think, pre-pandemic. So what is – what is important to understand is our card -- the majority of our card fee growth comes from new cards that we acquire. So, it doesn't just come from the fee increase, but we've also had a fee increase, which will come in over time. So, we feel really good about where we are from a card fee perspective. Let me just make one comment on sort of our overall loan growth, and then Jeff can get into the details. But the reality is pre-pandemic, we were growing slightly faster than the industry. We tend to have a lower share of our card members loan wallets than we do have their spending wallet. And our intent is to grow judiciously, but we will probably hope to get back to growing and -- we are growing fast we are growing faster than the industry, but to get our balances back up. But I'll let Jeff comment on the rest.
Steve Squeri: Well, as I said earlier, we are always, in terms of our guidance, planning for macroeconomic consensus, as while also making sure we're thinking about other possibilities. And certainly, Bill, is just one example. We are doing work today and making adjustments on the risk management side as we think about what the impact is of sustained levels of inflation at its current level on different aspects of our customer base because we want to make sure we're positioned from a risk perspective for that. Although that is not the macroeconomic consensus. years, again, our ability to be agile and manage through a downturn, should that happen. And we're trying to strike all those same balances right now.
Steve Squeri: Well, I think the way you got to think about both of these is we are constantly and continuously adding more benefits and more services to the card. When you look at both of those partnerships, they onto themselves, they do not have top line growth. What they do, do though is they, in our mind, drive more engagement, drive more retention and give people more reason to want to be with the card. Now I'll just talk about resi for a second. Resi is not only a vehicle for giving our card members access to restaurant reservations and card members do get access to the global dining program, but it's also a card acquisition vehicle as well, because resi is an open platform. And so, resi was all about where our card members spend their money and how we can integrate more with restaurants and connect our card members and really take advantage of our closed loop in a different way, not just for payments, but the reservation piece and then, which leads to payments. And so, when you look at the partnerships that we have, that are sort of around the core of the card. And I'm not talking about the Delta co-brand partnerships and so forth. But when you look at the other things that we do add on, what we're constantly adding to our products are more services, better access, more experiences and so forth, so that you continue to build the value propositions in different and more sustainable ways. And Vanguard is an example of offering an investment service opportunity for card members that want to take advantage of it that combines Vanguard's digital adviser service, with the personal adviser service and puts an NMR component into it. And so, we'll continue to look at other lifestyle, financial and travel and entertainment services that just add to the overall underlying value of our card products.
Steve Squeri: Well, let me answer questions one and three, Jeff can answer two. So -- if I remember one and three. But, look, the reality is that, we continue to see good opportunities. And as those opportunities continue to arise, we'll continue to invest in them. What's important to know is that, well, when we make an investment, we're making those investments through the cycle. So as we underwrite ROIs -- as we underwrite and we look at ROIs, we feel good about what we see. Now why those opportunities presenting themselves? Well, I think for a couple of reasons. Number one, I think the premium card space has been expanding. I think, especially as you think about Gen Zs coming into the workforce. I think about Millennials, which are getting a little bit older now, but Millennials who are still gravitating to the product. So the opportunities have risen I think because the pool for our product has been getting bigger and bigger. And we've talked about this in the past. When we used to look at people coming into our franchise, we used to start them off on fee-free cards. Well, a lot of our fee-free cards are probably not as differentiated as some of the others. And we have better service, and so forth. But when you look at the value of the products or the fee product, the fee products that we're offering, a smart consumer and a smart small business person can really generate a lot more value out of those products than they're paying for the card. And as you know, with our value propositions, given our partner network, we work with our partners to provide value to our card members, and it all works out for all three of us, the Card Member, the partner and for us. I think the other thing that's important, and you've seen a growth in small business acquisition as well is more and more small businesses are forming, and that's one of the structural shifts that we are taking advantage of. And to get to the third question and Jeff can get to the second question, which if he remembers it at this point. But to get to your third one, will we take -- if credit continues to perform better, we release more reserves, will we take advantage of opportunities. We will continue to take advantage of those opportunities as they present themselves. As I said, we're running this for the medium to long-term and it really is irresponsible in my opinion, of me to pass up really good investment opportunities that will pay off over the longer-term. I think one of the things that you've seen this year is, look, we're committing to 18% to 20% revenue growth off of a -- basically off of a 2019 revenue base. And you've never seen that from us before. And that is a direct result of us investing in our card members, investing in our brand and not walking away from good investment opportunities.
Steve Squeri: Well, I mean, look, we -- this is a competitive space. When you're talking about U.S. consumer, it's a competitive space. It's always been a competitive space. And it will continue to be a competitive space. And you've got Capital One out there with the new product and JPMorgan, all terrific companies that are looking to double down on the premium side of it, and we'll continue to -- again, going back to what I said when we -- the question was asked about resi and Vanguard and so forth, we're going to continue to add value to the products and making sure that we are still top of mind and top of wallet. And that -- look, we had record acquisitions. However, it's still a competitive space. When you think about competition, though, we just don't think about competition in the US Consumer, we also think about it in the US small business, and which is competitive as well. And you can go market by market by market, both from a small business perspective. And so there is a lot of competition out there. We keep our eye on the competition, and our objective is to continue to understand what our customer needs are, understand where our customer needs are going and continue to develop our products and services. And the reality is, you just don't -- you don't launch a product and then go to sleep for a few years and then say, okay, in three years, we'll come up with a new one. We're constantly adding value. And I think you saw that as we added more value to the Platinum Card even after the refresh when we put the Walmart Plus benefit on. So we always assume high competition, and we always assume that the competition is really good. And that has served us well, having that mindset on running the business.
Steve Squeri: No, that's a real good call out. And remember, that virtuous cycle sits on top of an actual network, right? Because where we get those partners from are from our network, our merchant network. And so you have this physical merchant network, and we're able to create that flywheel to drive more and more value, not only to card members but to partners and the more -- as Jeff said, the more cardholders you have and the more value our customers get it, the more they want to invest in that base.
Steve Squeri: No. So -- yes, it's good question, Chris. As I pointed out earlier, the -- and as I think I showed a chart at Investor Day, the majority of the growth in net card fees is driven by bringing more customers into the high fee-paying products, not by any particular price increase, although the price increases when we price for adding value to add a little bit. When you think about the rate at which we've been bringing new premium card members into the franchise, record first quarter for US Platinum Gold on the consumer side and business Platinum. That mechanically now just makes me pretty darn confident that as you look at the next few quarters, that 16% is likely to even further accelerate a little bit as we build on the acquisition momentum we have. Because as I think it sounds like you recall, the accounting for fees, you're amortizing of over 12 months from when they're paid. So there's a fairly predictable effect here.
Steve Squeri: Well, I think that the very careful word that I inserted, Rick, when we talked about sequential growth was in what we're calling core earnings, which is why we included that pre-tax pre-provision net income number on the first page, because credit reserves are going to bounce over the place. Although in terms of dollars, I would credit reserves at the end of the year, assuming AR continues to grow as we expect to be a little bit higher. So I absolutely do expect pre-tax pre-provision net income to be a little bit stronger each quarter as you go through the year. I don't expect that necessarily of GAAP earnings per share because we just had really, we pulled forward in many ways, a good sized credit reserve release into Q1 that drove your GAAP EPS up to 270. Clearly, I do not expect sequential growth of that number, if you just do the simple math. That's pretty obvious given our EPS guidance. The other point, I'd come back to is we feel really good about the revenue momentum, but boy, Steve, I think, has made very clear our focus on pursuing good investment opportunities when they arise. And so we're very comfortable with the EPS guidance we've given for the year.
Steve Squeri: Yes. I mean, look, I think we are seeing a little bit of a higher ROI on our card acquisition spending. And as I – as we said, I think there's just there's an expanding pool. It's not just the consumer base, but it's also the small business base. I'll go back to my comments before. The millennial and Gen Z pool is expanding. There are more small businesses out there. And as we look at the opportunities, we were able to bring in probably more cards than we thought we were in the first quarter. And we see opportunities going forward. So we'll continue to invest to grow the card base. And – but remember, what we're looking at we're just not looking to grow in cards. I mean, these cards are hitting our return. You've got a large percentage of these cards are fee-paying cards. But I'll also go back to – I think it's either my comments or in the Jeff script, 60% of the cards that we did acquire from a consumer perspective were millennial cards, which are up 50 -- which is -- was 50% pre-pandemic. So, is a bigger pool for us to acquire from, from a millennial Gen Z perspective, and there are small businesses. So, right now, we feel good about card growth. How that translates next quarter. Look, the last few quarters, we've had sequential card growth quarter-to-quarter. And coming off last year, look, there wasn't a tremendous amount of card growth in the first quarter from a relative basis, on a comparative basis, but it continued to move up every single quarter. And we feel good about what happened this particular quarter. Can it be 6% again next quarter? I don't really know.
Steve Squeri: So, just -- I'm sorry, just one other point. Just retention helps a lot. And our retention numbers, if you look at the last couple of years, have improved significantly. So, if you think about your base is having a leak in it, the leak got a lot smaller. So, that's -- I think that's important. Don, as far as fintechs go, I think there's some opportunities for us, and I think the partnership with I2C -- we already have a partnership with them in Latin America. And I think this will just make it easy to onboard fintechs that want to have American Express because the reality is a lot of them -- not a lot of most of them don't do their own processing, they'll partner with somebody else to do this. And having I2C and being able now to do this on a global basis will enable us to approach. I don't look at that as a necessarily a threat. I look at this as an opportunity for us. And what was the first part of your question, Don? Cap One, no limit. I don't know what no limit. I really don't know what no limit is. And so -- yes, I think what they've done is put out a no preset spending limit, but -- and I'm not being flipping here, I just don't know what that no preset spending limit is. So, we'll see how that plays out. Again, a really good company. It had lots and lots of success, very tough competitor. They're the first ones to go down this road, and we'll see how it all plays out, how it all plays out. But we take them very seriously as we take everybody else. Yes, it is part of our secret sauce and we'll see. So, again, just look at the results in the first quarter for us, we had 30% growth from a small business perspective. So, we feel pretty good about small business at this point.
Jeff Campbell: The only thing I would briefly add, Sanjay, is when you think about travel and entertainment spend, some of that increase is not so much inflation as it is a return to people buying more front of airplane or high-end hotel or high-end restaurant oriented. Some of that is the business travel rebound where your average business travel purchase is, of course, much higher than the average consumer purchase. The other comment I'd make going forward is there's certainly lots of uncertainty in the world. But when you look at everything we see in our actual results and business, you just can't really see any sign of weakness that that's causing as of today.
Jeff Campbell: The only sort of simple financial summary, I put to that here – when we gave the guidance for our revenue ambitions are quite ambitious, we feel really good about the momentum we built, but we have more investment opportunities, as I said in my remarks, than we probably anticipated, and maybe a little bit of pressure on costs from inflation. So all of those things, I think, position us really well to build momentum towards our long-term target of sustainable over 10% revenue growth.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I just emphasize financial location, Steve, of what you just said, which is we are now that growing those lending balances faster than the industry, and we absolutely expect that to continue. So, there's a lot of runway for growth on the lending side. And because of quarters like we just had with a record level of new US platinum and Gold Cards on the consumer side and a record level of US business Platinums, I'd expect net car fee growth to probably accelerate even further from where it is.
Jeff Campbell: Ryan, to come back on the credit side, maybe just to clarify my remarks. So when you look at the credit reserves, we closed the first quarter with. I would expect the dollar level of those reserves to be higher by the time we get to the end of the year, because I very much expect our AR balances to grow. Whether the reserve rate grows is much less clear, and it's probably more going to be a function of where economic forecasts go. Could the reserve rate go lower? Well, I don't think our delinquencies and write-offs are going to go lower. So the only thing just mechanically that could cause the reserve rates to go down. It would be a dramatic improvement in the balanced economic outlook, which probably would mean all the uncertainties in the world go away. So if magically, that were to happen, I suppose it's mechanically possible to reserve rank lower, but I would have to say that's pretty unlikely sitting here.
Jeff Campbell: The one thing, Steve, I'd add is I take people back to your discussion at Investor Day about what you call the virtual recycle, which is the faster we can continue to grow our premium customer base, the more we're all so successful in attracting partners who want access to that base and help fund and further improve the value proposition. And that's one of the most important ways we operate in a very competitive.
