Daniel Henry: Okay, so I think that some of the elevation in operating expense is going to continue. So to the extent we have investment in sales force, that will continue at that level and we think it will generate revenues that make it a worthwhile investment. Our investments to build teams that enable projects like Business Insights or enterprise growth, again those are expenses that will continue going forward and will be supported by the revenues that they would generate. Now there are some investments that we elevated, particularly in the technologies area, which are projects that have a very finite life to them. And we wouldn't necessarily see those at the levels that we've seen over the last several quarters. So I think we will calibrate our expenses and be mindful that when some of the resources we currently have, such as the release of credit reserves and when the payments of Visa/MasterCard come to an end, that we have expense levels that are appropriate for our revenues and as I said, we would expect expense growth later in the year to scale down and slow. So it's kind of a combination. Some will continue, but others will decrease as we move forward.
Daniel Henry: I guess, I would look at operating expenses, kind of line items together. So I'll look at expenses, exclude provisions, obviously, exclude marketing, exclude rewards. If we exclude those, those are the operating expenses that I'm addressing. And I'm not specifically saying that you're going to see a decrease in that line item. I think there will be a decrease in certain elements of that line item. What I'm saying is you're not going to see the growth rates on that line that you've been seeing over the last several quarters. But not necessarily a decrease. A decrease in certain items, but not necessarily a decrease when you look at operating expenses in total. If that were the case, as we move through the year, the growth rates will decline.
Daniel Henry: Generally, you would expect rewards to grow in line with Billed business unless we are increasing certain programs. Now so I think it's reasonable to expect rewards to grow with business, okay? However, what I would say is that we continue to refine our estimation process around the ultimate redemption rate. And to the extent either cardmember behavior changes or we evolve the program in such a way that we're increasing redemptions, in those cases, we would expect to see increases in expense when we identify those. So I think on an ongoing basis, we're always looking at our estimation process and continue to refine it as appropriate. I would point out that this line is both a combination of Membership Rewards, as well as our co-brand products. The other element that you didn't mention when you think about expense in the quarter is volume related to Membership Rewards. It's volume, it's the ultimate redemption rate and it's the cost per point. And cost per point during some periods will increase depending on the mix of redemption by customers. And in some point, it could decrease, again based on their behaviors or new redemption options that we put into the program. So that's the other factor that you need to keep in mind.
Daniel Henry: So I would say our target of 10% to 11% is where we are, absent further guidance from the regulators. When they finally come out with their rules, depending on where it is we may modify that. But in the moderate term, I would say it's 10% to 11%. This ratio will obviously move based on the matter of share buybacks we do. We could have periods where a certain amount of cash, we're required to take certain cash prior to the redemption of certain securitization and put it into restricted cash. The extent that happens, those type of things could impact the ratio in the short-term. If you think about share buyback, you should really think about the guidance we've given that we basically want to return about 50% of our earnings to shareholders either through dividends or share buybacks, plus we would have buybacks equal to the amount of capital that's raised through employee plans.
Daniel Henry: Someone made the predictions that we're going to drop about 80 basis points next quarter. I'm just saying our moderate term target is between 10% and 11%, right. But that moment we happen to be at 11.8%, next quarter, we're going to have -- moving our balance sheet, we're going to have our share repurchases and we're going to have earnings. Whatever the composite of that is, is where we'll wind up. This could be above 11% or it might be in the 10% to 11% range.
Daniel Henry: So we have heard back from the Fed, which had no objection to our plan that we submitted. We are certainly one of the 19 large banks in the U.S. although to the extent there are global significant banks, we don't believe we are 1 of those banks.
Daniel Henry: So I don't think there is any structural change in the competitive environment. I think we have continued to look to enhance the value proposition of Membership Rewards to the extent we're successful in doing that. We're going to have greater cardmember engagement, to the extent we have greater cardmember engagement, we're going to have higher redemption levels. So I think as you think about how we deploy our resources, we do make conscious decisions about the amount we're going to allocate to rewards versus marketing, how much we're going to have in loyalty programs or acquisition of customers. So all of those things are similar levers and we make conscious decisions about in terms of how we're going allocate our resources at the end of the day.
Daniel Henry: So the ultimate redemption rate is going to be based on cardmember behavior and we do a quarterly calculation where we're endeavoring to estimate what we think the ultimate redemption rate is going to be. If cardmember behavior changes, the estimate will change. And at times we do refinements of the estimation process, and that will result in potential changes as well. So it's a combination of all of those things that impacted the rate in this quarter and will impact the rate of the quarter going forward.
Daniel Henry: Okay, so what the expense is in each quarter is a function of spend, ultimate redemption rate estimate and the weighted average cost per point. Those are the elements that drive expense each quarter, okay. The weighted average cost per point, we actually use the weighted average of the last 12 months as the best estimate for that, okay. Spend is going to be whatever our cardmember spend in a quarter. If the average weighted cost per point and the URR does not change for the quarter, then rewards should grow equal to the growth in Billed business, okay. In this quarter, we refined our methodology, and it resulted in a increase based on the behaviors of our customers in the ultimate redemption rate estimate from 91% up to 92% for our active participants, okay. So each quarter, it will be the same process that I just described.
Daniel Henry: So I think on average and overtime perspective, I think we want to be at historical margins. It's not a state objective, but I think that's basically where we want to get back to. Now the actual mix of expenses within those margins could change. We could decide to increase the amount that we allocate to or that we target for marketing promotion, or we could target to take that down. We could decide that from an overall perspective, the best thing to do is to increase the value proposition in our rewards programs. And then that would become a larger perspective -- a larger percentage, rather. So I think we're constantly looking at that and calibrating it to achieve the right returns on our investments and the right financial performance on average and over time in line with our stated objective of 8% plus revenue growth, 12% to 15% EPS growth and ROE of 25% plus. So those are all things that we use to calibrate the decisions that we make.
Daniel Henry: So I wouldn't do a forecast of revenue growth or expense growth going forward, although I would go back and say that the targets that I just alluded to in terms of EPS growth, which are on average and overtime, I think we've said that 2010 is a good base to think about in terms of achieving those targets on average amount of time going forward. So that would give you an idea of what our expectation is, both for revenues, as well as for EPS growth.
Daniel Henry: I think our rate was 31%-ish, 32%? Okay, so I think we've said on average over time again, we would expect the tax rate in the 30% to 32% range. In particular quarters, there may be discreet tax items that would cause it to either be lower or higher, but that's about the right range, we should expect, 30% or 32%.
Daniel Henry: Okay, so we are focused from a card acquisition perspective on charge cards and premium lending. So I think the nature of the customers we're acquiring is reflective of that strategy. And so they tend to be customers that may be more transactors in nature, may revolve to a lesser degree than customers did historically. I think you're seeing that in the pay down rates that I alluded to before. In March of this year, we're up about 30% compared to paydown rate of 27% in March of 2010. So I think we're having high quality acquisitions. Those customers are spending, you can see that. And the whole, I think, our customer base as well as others are tending to de-lever. And I think all of those things are coming into play. As you said, our customers, when recession was at its height, at the beginning of 2009, pulled back sooner, even though they had the capacity to spend and pay, they were cautious. Now those customers have come back very strongly. We saw our improvements in spending by our customers really move to very strong levels in the first quarter of '09. That's continued. And I think it's really the nature of our customer base, the quality of our customer base that it's causing us to move in advance of the rest of the industry on spending, on credit behavior, as well as from loan balances. Now the other thing you have to remember too is, we've changed strategy, we're not looking to balance transfers as a way of bringing customers on board, we're not using fees or rates. That's another thing that's coming into play. So I think what you're seeing on the loan side is very much a function of our strategy. Now how customer behavior will change over the next 24 months, we will have to wait and see. But I think all those things come into play in terms of what we're seeing in the loan balances.
Daniel Henry: So I think you are already seeing the revenue side. I think we're very pleased. We have, over the last 5 quarters, said we want to invest in part to drive near-term metrics. And in part to build capabilities that will enable the success of the company over the moderate to long-term. So when you look at our Billed business growth of 17%, I think that's a very clear reflection that the investments that we're making in cardmember acquisition and in our loyalty and rewards program are paying off. And those growth rates are not only terrific on a absolute basis, they're notably better than the rest of the industry. So I think that's very positive. I think the investments that we're making in terms of fee businesses, businesses that will generate fee revenues, I think we're making good progress there. We're pleased with the results to date. Investments in the digital space, Serve is a very good example. And we bought Revolution Money in January of 2010. We invested in building the capabilities over the next 15 months. We launched Serve in March of this year. We'll continue to build out the capabilities of Serve. So I think there are very tangible indications that our investments are paying off. Now revenue growth is 7% again. It's really the best in the industry. Now it is being impacted by the fact that loans are flat but they stabilize. So that's good. Our yields is at 9.1%. It's down to 10% last year, but we knew that. We expect that as the Card Act came in, that's exactly what would happen. Notwithstanding that, it's putting a drag on revenue growth. So we're cognizant of that, but there are a lot of very positive signs related to both the strategy that we put in place, the investments we've made, the execution on those investments and then the resulting positive output.
Daniel Henry: Okay. So our target for $3 billion in fee revenues has not changed. And as I said, I think we're making good progress on that front. So there's no change there. As it relates to your second question, the main development on the DOJ front is that there was a hearing on March 2, and we had a schedule of discovery in terms of document discovery, expert discovery, filing of briefs and arguments. And the final pretrial conference is scheduled to be held in February of 2013. Now obviously, any of the parties could ask for an extension if they had good reason for that. But that's the update in terms of the schedule related to DOJ. I guess I'd also point out that despite that DOJ suit being out there, our relationships with merchants continue to operate in a very business-as-usual form. We continue to renew contracts, you can see by the discount rate that it continues to hold at 2.55%. So we view those all as a very positive aspects as we think about really the strength of our network, which is helping to enable the spend of our customers.
Daniel Henry: Yes, I guess what I would say is that if GDP is around 3%, I think in normal conditions that we would be able to achieve our revenue target on average in over time. In this current environment, because we're coming out of a recession and the fact that we have a decrease in yield, that's a drag on the percentage on an aggregate basis. And I would look to fee businesses to help to contribute to the growth in revenues as those investments start to kick in. As you know, anytime we -- as I know, any time we make kind of BAU kind of investments in card acquisition, we have a very good ability to estimate what we're going to achieve. Anytime we do something new, which is some of what we're doing in the fee revenue space, and with Serve, there's a higher degree of execution risk. But we have, as I said before, we're making good progress in this area and I think fee revenues over time will be a contributor that enable us to achieve the revenue growth in excess of 8%. And if you look back over the last 10 years, we've been very successful with our investments. So we have taken share every year since 2002 through 2008. There's a slight dip in 2009, but we have very good share gains in 2010. So that's really another thing that's been contributing to our ability to outperform the marketplace. So again, we achieved 7% revenue growth in the quarter, with 0 growth in loans and a declining yield. So I think our ability to achieve 8 plus percent in revenue growth, assuming a reasonable economy, which I described as GDP of 3%, is very achievable.
Daniel Henry: So I've been talking really in terms of our current calculation. But even if we went to Basel III, it was 80 basis points lower. Based on our current numbers, we would be within that range. By the time Basel III actually comes into effect, hopefully we'll actually have specific guidance in terms of where the Fed would expect us to be. So we'll refine that more as we get the final rules and we get closer to the Basel III implementation. But certainly, we have terrific earnings power to create free cash flow. This quarter, we had $1,177,000,000 in earnings. Our dividend is only about $200 million. So we'll be showing off almost $1 billion in capital in the quarter. So if we needed to increase that percentage in a given period, we have a lot of wherewithal to do that.
Daniel Henry: It's that number that we've disclosed. We will give I think some disclosures on this as we go forward. I don't think this is a straight line from $800 million to $3 billion, right? I think it requires heavy investment which we're doing right now in the first part of that period and then we'll get escalating results as we move through the period. So I don’t have a specific disclosure on that, but I would say we're making good progress.
Daniel Henry: So I think it would be fair as we move over the course of 2012 to '14 to figure out what the right disclosures are as an indication that we're actually making progress against our targets of 2014.
Daniel Henry: Well I think these are two separate products, right? I mean as you think about it, our current products, our charge cards and lending products, and we have a certain set of economics attached to those. I think maybe that the customers that the Serve product will attract are people who today use cash or debit or prepaid. And those transactions will attract the different discount rate. But those are very different products meeting different customer needs. And I think merchants will view them as different in nature. So I think they both will operate, they both will meet the needs of customers in the marketplace but they're different customers. That's not to say that some of our current cardmembers may not decide to open up a Serve account, but I think they'll use them in different ways. So we'll see how the economic model evolves within Serve, but we don't think that it will create any additional pressure with merchants. I think with merchants for our charge and credit products, we negotiate with them all the time when contracts are renewed, and we agree on pricing based on the value that we bring to them over our network.
Daniel Henry: Well I'm not going to forecast what's going to happen in the second quarter, but certainly to the extent the yields, year-over-year start to equalize, which is going to happen in the very near future, that will be a factor that will be less of a drag on revenue growth that was last year or in this quarter. So I think that's a fair observation.
Daniel Henry: So I think what we said is that last year, it was about $300 million. So you kind of use that as a guidepost in terms of what revenues in this quarter were.
Daniel Henry: Well I think in the normal course, you would have employee growth and you'd have year increases. I think that's what you think about as normal growth. In this particular quarter, the instance of compensation accruals we're making in this quarter are higher than the ones we made in the first quarter of last year, and there were just some other employee-related benefit items that grew at a slightly higher rate.
Daniel Henry: So I would say we don't really have any insights in terms of the Visa and MasterCard talks that they're having. So I can't shed any light on that.
Daniel Henry: Okay, so just before we end, as a couple of people have mentioned, Ron Stovall is retiring in 16 days. If you're sitting here, you could see him smile. So Ron has extraordinary knowledge, has been a terrific advocate for the company, but in a very balanced way, I think we're very happy about that. So I want to thank him for his significant contributions that he made. And I think you, the investment community will actually be in good hands going forward as Rick Petrino is taking leadership of the Investor Relations group and Toby Willard who has been a key part of that team and doing a traffic job will continue. So I congratulate Ron, but I have full faith in our team that we'll continue to be able to be responsive to your questions and your needs. So thank you very much.
