Craig Maurer: I was wondering what changed in the quarter for you from the prior conference calls. In the last call, if I remember correctly, you'd indicated that marketing spend had peaked in the second quarter. So what were you seeing in the environment? Secondly, regarding the other expenses, the $251 million. I was hoping you can go on a little more detail there because it's up dramatically off the prior quarter and the quarter before that and I'm wondering if there is any type of one-time spending in that number.
Craig Maurer: But when I think about the run rate, my question is more along the lines of – is a lot of that going into the $251 million one-time to build capabilities and you'll see that investment slowdown again, that's what I'm getting at.
Craig Maurer: Ken, I was wondering if you could give us your thoughts on PCF suit to try to block the Durbin amendment.
Daniel Henry: I think last quarter we had $802 million, which is probably the peak that we had seen at that juncture. But as we've said, as credit improved, we were going to continue to invest. And so credit continued to improve, Billed business continued to be very strong and so we actually elevated marketing spend to a somewhat higher that you saw in this quarter. And what you see in operating expense as what we said and the reason -- I think we provide the new bubble chart that we've had for a couple of quarters, is that investments are not solely marketing and promotion. Certainly, marketing and promotion is one aspect of our investments, in terms of acquiring customers and stimulating spending with existing customers. But investments also include being on the right capabilities, having the right talent to move forward with our new business initiatives and it also includes investing in higher sales force for both our Merchant business and our Commercial business. So I think the increase that you're seeing in operating expense is a reflection of that. So as long as we have strength in the business, we'll continue to invest at higher levels.
Daniel Henry: I think this is part of what we've talked about I think for some time, which is really the flexibility that we have in our business model. But we have this strong performance in spending by our customers and the improvement that we're seeing in credit. We're going to flex up and invest at a higher level. As those diminish, we'll flex back down our investment to more traditional levels. But I think we've demonstrated that in '09, we can flex down, but when we have the opportunity, we can also flex up. So we want to take some of that and improve the bottom line. I think you saw a significant improvement in the bottom line but we also want to invest to drive business momentum going forward.
Daniel Henry: So I think that when we get back to a more normal state as it relates to provision. I think you'll see marketing spend back more to where we were, say, in the '05 to '07 timeframe and I think you'll see operating expense not grow at the levels that it's growing today. It may be not the level that we had back in '07 because I think the nature of our business is changing somewhat and you can see that we're investing in businesses that are more fee related and that generally will be driven by operating expense. But we will continue to be focused on having the right margins in PTI. So that's something we'll focus on going forward.
Daniel Henry: So the only thing I'd add to that is that part of putting a value proposition in the marketplace that consumers want to use and we're seeing them use our product, part of that is having a valuable rewards proposition. And so going forward, it's likely that you'll see that rewards, as a percentage of revenues, will be slightly higher than we may have seen in the past. And we recognize that and that means that we need to be very focused on operating expense efficiency, which we are, and a combination of all those things, again, I think will provide economics that are very attractive.
Daniel Henry: What we indicated is Billed business month-to-date and October growth rate was similar to the growth rate that we saw in the third quarter. Now in terms of credit, I think we're all keenly aware that our credit has improved at a far more rapid pace than the industry. And I think where it will settle out will obviously in each period dependent in part on the economy, but I think it will be impacted by the strategies that we've put in place where we're focusing on charge and premium lending. So to the extent that's our focus going forward. I think it's reasonable to have an expectation that it could be somewhat lower on average and overtime than what we may have seen before when we participated more broadly in the lending space.
Daniel Henry: Right. So we believe that there is opportunity for strong growth outside the U.S. We are actually increasing slightly the allocation of investments to more globally outside the U.S.
Daniel Henry: And so we're focused really on two things. What are the right acquisitions that we should make in our proprietary markets, how can we further stimulate our current customers? And then quite frankly, how can be kind of optimize internationally between what we do on a proprietary basis and what we do with GNS partners? And that has been our focus and is going to continue to be our focus as we go forward.
Daniel Henry: So I think it depends on the investment. So I don't think there's a blanket statement that international is better than U.S. I think it's really depending on what the product is and what the nature of the investment is. And as we've said, we try to concentrate some of our investments about things that give us a near-term return and others are more focused on the medium to long term. But even the near-term investments, when you take a sales person on, you need to train them, they need to get seasoned. And so all of these things that we do when we evaluate investments, we're not evaluating what's the benefit three quarters from them, we're really evaluating what's the value that's created over the life of either the sales person, the merchant, the cardmember that we're acquiring here. And that's how we evaluate investors.
Daniel Henry: So to go to your second question, Sanjay, if you look at Slide 9, you can see that back in the third and fourth quarter of '08, we were at 8.9% yield. We put in pricing changes which were intended to mitigate the impact of the CARD Act. So you can see in the first quarter of '09 that, that popped up and through '09, kind of stayed in the high-nines, maybe 10%. Now that the CARD Act is taking effect, you can see that it’s migrating back down, and we would expect that it's going to migrate back down over time to something in the high 8% or 9% range and that would be very much in line with what our expectations were.
Daniel Henry: So one of the things I just mentioned, as an add on to what I said about yield, and that's our expectations will go back to historical levels. But the one caveat to that is to the extent customer behavior changes, then that could potentially impact that.
Daniel Henry: So Travel Sales does not include Prepaid or the Travelers Cheques business. I mean the growth that we saw in Travel sales, which was both in consumer and corporate I think is a function of really the resilience that we're seeing in our total customer base. And I think it's also being heavily driven by Airline, where we're seeing both an increase in price and the number of transactions. So I think probably that's the largest driver of increase in Travel Sales.
Daniel Henry: So I'll take the first question. So the question is do we need to have conversations with the regulators before we do repurchases, and the answer to that question is yes. At the moment, what they've given us the go-ahead on is to the extent we've issued shares related to our employee programs. And it really covers what those issuances were over the last four quarters. I think what we've seen in repurchases in financial services to date for ourselves and others is really related to employee planned issuances. Certainly, as we go forward, we intend to have conversations with regulators on what our plans would be in terms of repurchases going forward. And we'll probably start those discussions within the next month or so.
Daniel Henry: Bob, in answer to your question, what I would say is in at least everything I know and in all the markets where actions have been taken in place relative to the interchange rate, they have all been directed to Visa and MasterCard because they're the dominant payment networks. So that's been the focus. So it's a question that I would really put to them because they really have been the subject, the focus, not us.
Daniel Henry: Yes, I think one aspect of that might be FX is affecting the growth rate as it relates to revenues. I don't think there's any markedly different trend in discount rate internationally compared to what we're seeing in the U.S.
Daniel Henry: It really has to do with a change that we made as it relates to certain GNS cards. We had an issuance with a large partner and included all the cards that had been issued. Now some of those cards to the extent they're only used in store don't really generate revenues for us so we made the decision that we should not be including those cards. So that is actually the fact that is driving the reductions in card numbers.
Daniel Henry: But we think it's a better reflection of the cards that are actually generating revenues for us. It was really a one-time change in policy that drove that. It was 1.6 million cards that we actually backed out related to that.
Daniel Henry: That's just a processing blip that we shouldn't focus on. In fact, that goes back -- the dip if you took it back to the beginning, relates to last February. And we were actually in the process of just adopting new GAAP [ph] (1:18:04) and had to change some of the cycle cuts. In addition to that, February is just a shorter month. So what happened is more items fell into the first roll rate that made therefore the denominator in this calculation higher. But in the end, it rolled down to the same manner of write-offs. So that's why you have that little bit of a dip. So it's not an indication of a change from a credit perspective, it's just the mechanics that took place in the system in February.
Daniel Henry: So the Care Program continues in place, still a very difficult environment. It hasn't grown in size substantially nor has it really declined in size. As we've said, with respect to those customers, we're very conscious of how they're performing so we understand the economics related to them. And in total, it's not a very large program. So I would say it's on an equal footing to where it's been over the last couple of quarters.
Daniel Henry: So the jump in operating expense in part is being driven by investments. So when we're increasing investments, we're not only increasing them in the marketing and promotion line, we're also making investments that get reflected in operating expense. So technology spending to support growth in our products, initiatives such as investing in Revolution Money or Business Insights or LoyaltyEdge or growing our sales force, those are all things that we're running through operating expense. And just like marketing and promotion, those are at elevated levels. When we get to the point where credit isn't showing off as much in terms of reserve releases, we'll bring those more back to normal levels, but investment levels that are sufficiently healthy to enable us to sustain business growth going forward.
Daniel Henry: So you're right, over time, we’ve really transitioned from kind of 2/3 T&E to really more than 2/3 non-T&E. In the near term, just in a very short term now, the bounce back that we've seen is really across all category, it's all segments, it's all geographies. So T&E is bouncing back along with other spending in this very short term.
Kenneth Chenault: I would say given the momentum that we're seeing in a range of businesses, and the opportunity that we have to invest, we obviously want to continue that moving aggressively.
Kenneth Chenault: Frankly, I have not studied that closely so I really can't shed a lot of light on that at all. Obviously, debit is an important piece of business to them. They're very focused on it but that's not something I frankly spend a lot of time on.
Kenneth Chenault: First, if we just step back a little bit is one, it is not new news that we've had a number of competitors literally over the past 20 years on the premium segment. And the reality is that I think that certainly rewards are important, it's important to have a diversified rewards program. And it's clear that our competitors and ourselves are investing more in those capabilities, but at the end of the day, what we've been able to demonstrate is that we're getting very good returns from those investments. It's less clear, given the difference between a lend centric and spend centric model, if our competitors, in fact, will enjoy the same types of economics. But we've proven that we can impact those levers. The third piece that I think is very important is if we just look at the backdrop of the last 18 months and look at the disproportionate growth that we've been able to generate against our competitors, when in fact, some of our competitors have dramatically increased their marketing and advertising spending, it does not seem to have had a damaging impact, in fact quite the contrary, we have accelerated our growth and our market share improvement. The last piece that I think I would emphasize very strongly is that we have, in fact, made investments, we have concentrated on improving our service quality and our capability of service, both online and offline. It is easy to replicate a feature on a card product. It is much harder to deliver consistently high quality service. And if I go back to the J.D. Power award, frankly, and I won't name names, but if you take a look at the list of issuers, and those who are saying that they're focused on the premium market, some of them in fact are in fifth and sixth and seventh place. And we in fact have won for four years in a row. So one of the things is we clearly understand the causality of segmenting our customer service and providing it. So I think it's a focus, certainly, rewards are important, features are important, services important but the momentum that we generated over the last year and the fact that, that moment is increasing. So that gives me a lot of confidence going into the Premium segment. But as I said earlier, when I was going through some of the trade-offs, I really do believe that someone who has a lend-centric model, which is most of the traditional bank card issuers, are going to have to substantially reconfigure their business models to compete effectively going forward because they have the impact, some of them of debit, they have the impact of the changes in pricing. And they've got to find some of the formulas that will allow them to really come up with a premium value proposition that resonates with the consumer.
Kenneth Chenault: The only other point I would make because you really do have to connect the dots on all that is going on that as you improve the value proposition of your premium products, in fact, the value proposition to the merchant improves because the merchant wants to generate more spend, they're going to get that from those customers that carry premium products and that will spend more. And that's why our average spend is four times that of Visa and MasterCard. So I think what's very critical is you got to look at what we call this virtuous circle, that you've got to have a improved value proposition that customers really want, and obviously, then get those customers who will spend more so their value proposition at merchants is enhanced. And in these economic times, we're finding that to be incredibly valuable.
Kenneth Chenault: The other point I would make is that we're making substantial investments across our Payments business, our Global Merchant Services business to bring on more merchants, that's something that we have invested in outside the U.S. as well as the U.S. And the other point that I would make is that our GNS business not only helps us acquire card and acquire spending, but also allows us to expand our merchant coverage. So we have been very pleased, I think as you saw from the numbers, in International, the growth that we're generating and in fact, the innovation that's taking place in those markets. So that the priorities that we have listed for growth international remains one of our top priorities.
Kenneth Chenault: And that is exactly what we're doing. As you went through some of those bubble charts from Dan, the reality is that in the operating expense line, we are expanding our sales force, and we have expanded that, our sales force, in the international markets for coverage. And so you’ve got to look at two ways that we're doing that, one is we are increasing our proprietary sales force and then in the bank partnership deals that we're doing, in a number of those deals, we're also able to get our partner to expand merchant acceptance. So that's something that we're very focused on. And obviously, you will see the impact of that over the next several quarters. So it's not something you’re going to see in 30 days but you'll see it over the next several quarters.
Kenneth Chenault: I just like to emphasize, I mean, you really got to separate out what I’d call the card acquisition investments from the sales force investments because they have a longer tail. But the impact of those investments, as we have seen over the years in middle market and large corporate, have been substantial even though it is a longer tail. And the other point that I would make is as a result of consolidating the card businesses under Ed Gilligan, we're able to more quickly make portfolio acquisition changes of how we're going to allocate those dollars across markets and across products that has really helped us in a major way.
Kenneth Chenault: Yes, look, the point I'm making is that if you go through debit, and just don't listen to me, in fact, as you go through the pronouncements from a range of banks, what they're saying is that their revenues are being impacted by billions of dollars. Because you have this double whammy squeeze going on is you have the squeeze going on the issuing side and what the features are going to be and then you have the issue of the potential of a lower interchange rate. So one, at the end of the day, we're not in the debit card business. But the point is that if you review the earnings releases and the statements that I've read from major banks, they're the ones saying that debit will not be as profitable, that they in fact, some have said on an individual basis that they're going to lose billions of dollars in revenues. Now the point for us that I think is critical while it's hard to speculate on what the individual impact will be on us, the reality is what's not new news is that we know that merchants don't have to accept our products. And we have to earn a premium rate every day by providing them with premium value. And as I said earlier, what we have seen, particularly in this environment, is that merchant’s value spending and that our average spending is three to four times the size of Visa and MasterCard. And they also value, which we are increasingly doing, we are providing them with information, insights, marketing help and all of which we think help tremendously because we're seeing it that it helps with the acceptance of the card but also is providing us revenues in some of the particular services that we provide. So I think at the end of the day, premium value is at the core of what we do with merchants, and at the end of the day, we face a very competitive marketplace in terms of merchant pricing, I might add not just in the U.S., but all over the world. But I think what we've demonstrated very strongly in a very tough economy is that we’ve continued to succeed and grow because of our ability to compete on value. And I have no doubt that, that will continue to be the case in the U.S.
Kenneth Chenault: I think what's important, and this is where innovation comes in, if you're a premium value provider, you've got to innovate. And so what you saw on the Starwood product is we refreshed that product and added some attractive features that increased the value. And at the end of the day, you can't call yourself a premium provider if you're not consistently adding premium value. And so that's what we did on Starwood. And we believe that we're going to get fair value for that product and we think that the increase is very, very fair, related to the value. But that is a fundamental principle when you're in the premium value business is that you have to innovate and we will continue to innovate. And when we innovate and when we increase our value, if you really are a premium provider then you should be able to charge a premium price.
Kenneth Chenault: I think I'd say, Sanjay, the same point that I made before. The reality is that we have continued to provide substantial value to our merchants. And the spread certainly between credit and debit is larger. However, there is not much evidence that merchants are taking the risk of steering customers. And I think that's a very important point. And what is critical to emphasize is that merchants have had the right to steer from credit to debit. They can do that now. And I think that what is very important is that merchants recognize that what you don't want to do is alienate your good and best customers. And fortunately, we have good high-spending premium customers, that's the last group that frankly you want to alienate. So we have not seen much evidence of that happening.
Kenneth Chenault: Sanjay, I just want to come back to one point on steering that's worthwhile emphasizing and is critical is unlike Visa and MasterCard, merchants are not compelled to accept us. We have to prove that every day. And I think that is a very, very important point that we've got to sell value to merchants. Merchants are under no obligation to accept us. And what's important for us is we've got to demonstrate that value, and that's why we have to individually negotiate with each merchant to demonstrate that value. The point is that I think we have demonstrated over the years and certainly over the recent years, particularly how we've come out of the downturn on the billings that we are generating that merchants are strongly seeing that value.
Kenneth Chenault: Look, the reality is I'm not going to go through legal strategy. What I've said is we think we have a very strong case. We are going to defend ourselves. We think that the DOJ case is a weak case for all the reasons that we have outlined. And that's the position we're taking.
Kenneth Chenault: I can't really comment what their intent is or what their strategies are. So I couldn't really make any informed response to that.
Kenneth Chenault: Yes, I mean at the end of the day, what I would say is the conversations have been very constructive and very supportive. And the only thing I will say is at least we've also heard from different people in the media who have talked to merchants and have not been able to identify a merchant who is saying that they are going to steer as a result of what the DOJ is doing. And very frankly, exactly the points that I've made, the reality is people are saying there's no surprise that you charge a higher price. This is not new news. You give us a lot of value and we like the business that you generate. So very frankly, the conversations have been pleasant, constructive, supportive.
Kenneth Chenault: Here's my view. I'm a growth-oriented guy. I want to grow, and at the end of the day, if I grow to a substantial level under the legal definition of market power and I have market power, I don't have a problem with that. So our focus is on growing the business, we think we have a range of opportunities across payments and services to grow. And what I've said to our management team and our employees is I want us to be a growth company, even in a slow growth environment. And so, the reality is we are now the smallest. And so what I'd separate out is where we are today and there are obviously the legal issues with that. But I think we are very comfortable in a world where I have to prove that we provide value to our customers every day. And at the end of the day, my objective is growth, profitable growth.
Kenneth Chenault: No. I think it's fair to think about it that way. I mean the reality is obviously, we cross-sell services to customers. So if we couldn't acquire cards or we couldn't retain cards, that would have an impact. But at the end of the day, if you look at our fee services strategy, we are offering fee services to our card customers, we're offering fee services to merchants, we're offering fee services to non-cardmembers. And so I think we have a lot of options and the other point that I would make is with our enterprise growth group, under Dan Shulman, we'll be talking with you in the weeks and months to come about the growth opportunities there. And I would say that the vast majority of those growth opportunities are not related to impacts from the CARD Act. All that said, I want to reinforce, even in the CARD Act, we have a fundamental difference because of our spend-centric model against a lend-centric model that were less reliant on spread revenue and back end fees. That is a major difference in our model and why I think we've been able to navigate through those changes in a way that has put us in a better competitive position than the traditional bank card issuers.
Kenneth Chenault: I think the only points that we would make there and obviously we've been very clear that the two markets are different. And we certainly did see a lowering of our discount rate. That was clear. But because of the fact, and this is the point that we have emphasized, because we have the most diversified business model, payments business model in the world, we had other business and revenue and economic levers that we could pull. And so that's why we're in a situation where Australia is generating good growth and good financials. Now I would add that didn't happen overnight. We had to adjust to those changes. But I think what we were able to demonstrate is that we were able to adjust and actually create not only a viable business, but in fact, a very well-performing business that has gained profitable market share over the last several years.
Kenneth Chenault: I think here's the point. The reality is that even with surcharging, our fundamental positioning is the same that we provide substantial incremental value and plus business to merchants. So we have been successful and in fact, pushing back surcharging. That was one of the points that I was implying is when it first happened, it certainly took some time for us to adjust, but what we were very encouraged and we saw very tangible results is that we, in fact, were able to successfully reduce substantially the level of surcharging that was taking place because we were able to not only convince, but demonstrate the plus value that we were bringing to the merchant so the merchant no longer saw the value of surcharging. And so the reality is it exists still in some places but it has been substantially reduced. And again, as we look at our share of billings, our market share has increased which is concrete proof that, obviously, we’ve been able to successfully deal with surcharging. So it goes back to this fundamental point that the premium value positioning and premium value in your cards and premium value for your merchant really does work in the marketplace.
Kenneth Chenault: What I would say, frankly, the government releases the data. The data shows conclusively that we have gained substantial share in Australia over the last several years. So it's not our data. It is the government's data that demonstrates that we've grown share. And our earnings have improved and so it's profitable market share growth. But what it also points out is the diversity of our business model and that we have a Consumer Card business, we have a Corporate Card business, both large corporate and middle market, we have a GNS business and we have been able to pull the levers of those different businesses to create a business model that in fact, has worked very well.
Kenneth Chenault: The other point I would make is, again, because we talked about the sales force expansion. But as we said in the earnings release, the investments that we've concentrated on for example, Charge Card and co-brand, are paying off. We are generating those results and you see them in the quality of cards that we've been able to perform. If you go back to the analyst meeting in August, we actually took you through the increase that we were seeing in spending from the new cards that we were bringing on, not just compared to 2009, but compared to previous years. And so what you're really seeing is a partial redirection of our payment strategy where we're focused on more select segments for lending, we're concentrating on premium lending. And Charge Card, frankly, has become more of a product for the times. Consumers are becoming more disciplined. They're becoming more careful. And at the end of the day, the services, the rewards that we have on those Charge Card products is very appealing to a number of segments. So there, you are seeing relatively quick payback from the investments that we've made over the last year.
Kenneth Chenault: Yes, I think the reality is we’ve continued to see the T&E related volume categories expand. And so non-T&E in the U.S. is approximately 72% of our U.S. Billed business.
Kenneth Chenault: And I think, Brad, it really represents a strategy. Frankly, if you go back to 2000, we, in fact, talked about the fact that we were going to focus on non-T&E. And very frankly, even in our Commercial Card business, that is one of the priority areas and we've had -- that we've also invested in this year where we had been very pleased with the progress that our non-T&E spending has increased. And frankly, what that makes for is a more balanced model. So as we go through different economic times, we don't have the reliance on some of the T&E categories that we had historically. So that frankly gives us more balance and puts us I think in a more stable situation, where we are less reliant on T&E categories. So I think what's important to understand is that non-T&E is very key to the success we've had in both our billings growth but also our business mix. So I think that is a very good thing.
Kenneth Chenault: Again I go back to that reality is that all merchants, as we go through the categories, are not just high-end merchants. And what they're really doing is they're focused on taking care of customers at the point of sale. I would go back to what Dan said, which is that we're seeing growth across all merchant categories, all merchants categories, small, medium and large. And I would go back to the other point that our conversations that we've had recently with a range of merchant categories have been very positive and constructive and supportive conversations. So the point to focus on is that what we want to deliver to our merchants, irrespective of size and category, is high-spending customers. That's really our focus. And we're providing that value, and the proof of it is in our disproportionate growth rates relative to the rest of the credit card industry. Kathy, I think that's going to be the end of the call. If you could just alert people to the availability of the tape, the replay.
