Jeffrey Campbell: Yeah, it's a good question Ken. So to remind everyone on the business and consumer platinum products, we made some changes in the latter part of 2016, and then on the consumer product, we offered a further range of benefit enhancements that went in at the end of the first quarter of this year. So all of the costs associated with the significantly higher Card Member engagement that those changes are driving are what you see reflected in our results can really the last two quarters and are key part of what is driving a little higher rewards cost and a little higher Card Member services costs. As I said in my remarks, on the Consumer Card where we did include a fee increase, existing card members don't actually pay that until renewals begin in September. So the increase in fee revenue will lack to your point the increase in costs, we think that's an important way to do this. So customers have a sense of what the enhanced values are at the time that they see the higher fees. As you know we have a long track record of every couple of years with all of our products doing these kinds of upgrades and changes to the value propositions, which are often accompanied by a fee increase. So we think we have a pretty thoughtful approach to this. I guess the last comment I would make is, we've not only been pleased with the increased engagement with our existing card members, but with both the business product and the consumer product, we've been very pleased with the significant increase in new card member acquisitions. And on the consumer side, those new card members of course do pay the higher fee right from day one. Totally can that helps clear up exactly what's in and not in the results so far.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yeah, so there's a couple of good questions there Ryan. I think first on EPS progression, certainly we are pleased with the first half that we have had. And so I would probably not reaffirm those statements about EPS progression, the point I would make if you have the first two quarters of EPS and you have our full year guidance. So I do think it's important as I say that to point out that we're only halfway through the year. Just like everyone else, we would sort of like to see next quarter's clean comparisons before we think about an updated view on the full year. And there are some reasons that I talked about in my remarks around growth in yield at some points slowing that cause us to want to see one more quarter before we adjust what we see for the year. And to your point, we always are thinking about how we balance the financial commitments we have which we take very seriously in the short term with the opportunities we see to invest and build for the longer term. And even in the first half of the year, we have selectively chosen to spend a little bit more a couple of things in the M&P line than we had originally intended this year, because we're very pleased with revenue growth, we're very pleased with our progress on the cost reduction efforts and we could do those things while still being remaining very consistent to the earnings commitments that we've made to our shareholders. So you know we'll have to see as we get into the quarter, we're now 19 days into exactly what all that means for the rest of the year, but clearly we're off to a stronger start than we expected. We feel really good about the revenue growth and all the efforts that we have underway and we will as always balance the short term and the long term as we make decisions in the next six months.
Jeffrey Campbell: So lot of good questions here. Sanjay, sure I'll make a few comments. First, my comments about revenue growth and the 8% you see in Q2, we're really meant to point out that there's two things that in particular are helping us right now, and that's the very strong sequential growth you've seen in yields, and all of the drivers of that growth we think will sustain themselves in terms of the absolute level of yield you see today. But you know we can't keep raising prices for example forever, so there's some moderation I'd expect in the year-over-year growth in the yield going forward. Clearly, we made some significant investments and this is really the point that Ken was asking about in the first question. We made some significant investments in the U.S. on both the business platinum and the consumer platinum card and that is really driving a really nice result in terms of increased Card Member engagement. The effects of - the economics effects of that to can question well play out over a longer time period that the fee increase benefits you actually won't begin to see until you get into the latter part of the year. All that said, I would expect there is some stabilization if you will of the growth rate driven by all of those changes as we go into future quarters. So for all of those reasons Sanjay for now, as we look at the low GDP growth, low inflation environment we're in, as we look around the globe at the range of competitive and regulatory issues we face, as I go beyond 2017, we're going to drive revenue growth as much as we can, but the target that I'm trying to communicate we are still focused on is that 6% level as you get beyond 2017 for the reasons I just described. Your last question about selectively reinvesting as we look at our stronger performance. The great thing about the growth we're seeing right now is, it is very broad across almost all of our customer in geographic segments with the exception probably of the large and global corporate segment which is not as we've said for some time, particularly growing segment right now. So the modest amount of reinvestment done is spread across almost every geography and every customer segment. And sure we are always trying to be responsive to changes in the competitive environment. On the other hand, we run the company for the long term, we try to build long term customer relationships and we're a little cautious sometimes about reacting overly short term to any one particular move by competitor. So hopefully that covers the waterfront there Sanjay.
Jeffrey Campbell: You know Mark, as you've heard a number of a say, for a while the track record we now have for several years of growing a little bit faster than the industry while still retaining best in class credit metrics. That's not a new thing. The track record is now there for several years. And despite that as you know with our consumer customers and also for our commercial customers, we capture a far smaller share of their borrowing behaviors and we do of their spending behaviors. And that gives us we think a rather unique opportunity relative to most of our competitors to tap into people we know really well, our existing customers and try to develop the right products, the right pricing, right marketing to get a little bit greater share of their borrowing behaviors. And yet despite several years of doing that when you actually just look at the math, our share of their borrowing behaviors has gone up a couple of points and in the consumer world in the U.S. for example, we still probably have double the share of a customer spend behavior that we do with their borrowing behaviors. So when you run the math out on there is just a long, long run way to continue to do all this. And now you know we grow our lending both to the existing customers and by being lot more focused on acquiring new customers who want to engage in some level of borrowing. But as you look at recent quarters, we've driven over half of our loan growth from our existing customers and it's that dynamic could makes us believe we have such a long runway to continue to grow little faster than the industry while retaining really good credit quality.
Jeffrey Campbell: Craig, you obviously very timing sense, the UK ruling came out just say a look. We as a company have been on record for a long time all over the globe that we have a strong view that surcharging is a very consumer unfriendly thing and people who understand what they're paying for a product to is a transact with a merchant and as you would know, but others may not have hit time. Look at today, if you look at the ruling that the UK government has come out with and if you look at the press coverage of it and you look at some of the groups were commenting on it, it is very much being taken and being seen as a pro consumer action. So that to us is a really positive step in the UK. There are many other countries across Europe that are in the midst of debates about what to do about surcharging. The way - as you know there's great complexity and the interplay between the EU payment rules and what then gets translated in each country, but certainly we would hope that the UK actions are emulated in many other countries. It's a good thing for the consumer long term and we think it's a good thing for us. I would say Craig, I don't know the today it has had a material impact on our ability to continue to grow our business. As you know, the UK has been one of our strongest markets. This quarter I cited its growth again being at 15% in terms of volumes and it's been growing at those kind of levels quite some time. But over the longer term, we think this is just good policy and is helpful to us as well. In terms of charge offs, I am - I think we've remained very comfortable that what we're seeing on the credit side is right within the balance of what we would have expected given the growth we're seeing in lending. We do not see any signs of a broader economic change that is causing any change in the credit. Profile side, I would say we are performing exactly as I would have expected. We are growing loans a little faster than we had in the original plan. And so that will also drive overtime a little higher mix of new accounts going through a seasoning process. So I think our real focus is making sure we stay with best in class metrics and we grow lending at good economics within the plan ranges we have, because our goal is to grow lending as fast as we can. Within that I might be cautious about guiding you to a specific number on write-offs, but I would just say we feel really good about where we are today.
Jeffrey Campbell: Let me take those in turn Bob. I guess on rewards, I would say well gosh, I hope that Steve and David are correct. But look we don't run the company making any assumption other than it's going to be continue to be a very competitive environment. We're going to continue to have to innovate and find new ways to offer value to our customers. And look you know the value enhancements we did with platinum were significant. They're being very well received by customers in driving just the kind of increased engagement and increase new Card Member acquisition that we wanted. But we will continue to follow the competitive environment and continue to make sure that we offer great value propositions relative to what others put in the market. Always mindful of the fact that we have some very unique and differentiated assets to offer and we're always going to focus on trying to leverage those as opposed to the things that are perhaps most easily replicated. On the cost question, look it's July 19th so we have I would say 100% of our plans clearly in hand well laid out. They are not all executed, but they are all partially executed and we're working towards being done with all of those things as we get into the latter part of this year. So at this point, I'm very confident in our ability to get more than a $1 billion of growth cost out of the company. As I did say in our remarks that progress combined with the revenue performance is allowing us to reinvest in a few areas those savings. So for example, we are doing some things with our call centers to drive more revenue in new Card Members that have been extremely successful for us and frankly the savings we've generated elsewhere in the way we run our call centers have allowed us to do those kinds of things. And of course there is always things that I try not to talk about on calls like. We also have to cover with these cost savings. And my favorite so far this year that is the $60 million or $70 million of hedge and effectiveness started though we've taken thus far this year. Really I try not take about that stuff because that's why we're taking a billion dollars out of the cost structure. So you don't particularly notice the increases that come from things like that. So I feel good about our progress, but to be clear, there is work to do but is just execution, it's not gee we still need to find another $100 million. It's very clearly in ourselves.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, Rick, you know it's a good question and one we think a lot about in many ways I would point to our track record which is several years of steadily growing above the industry will still retaining by far the best in class credit metrics. How do you do that? Well you do that by focusing on your existing customer base to a great extend where we know our customers extremely well and we know a lot about them and have a strong ability to make the kind of judgments you are pointing out we have to make. We do it by we believe having best in class data efforts that both involve the way we use our own data, the way we use every bit of data across the industry and we combine it with what we think are best in class data science experts and efforts to be really thoughtful. Do we get right 100% of the time? No, we don't. But do we get it right enough for the time so that we are able to retain best in class credit metrics? Absolutely. And look, we are very mindful of the broader environment and what all of our competitors are and are not doing. And I would say we are constantly evolving our tactics in this area a very real time as we see other things happening in the industry with our competitors with the economy.
Jeffrey Campbell: No. So you certainly see different behavioral patterns as you take on a brand new customer versus as we grew lending balances with existing customers. Then there can still to your point be a seasoning process but they follow different patterns which we of course track based on our historical experiences.
Jeffrey Campbell: It's a good question. We've made a conscious pivot I would say to even more than we have historically on our value propositions emphasis the things that are hard for others to replicate and a lot build on our scale, our global reach, our brand. And so the lounge access is a great example of that. We have to scale to both build our own Centurion lounges as well as collect an unequalled amount of access to lots of other lounges around the globe and that is high valued by our Card Members. And all that runs to cost of Card Member services and as you should goes up, it drives the cost up. The Uber benefit is another great example. In many ways Chris, the reason why starting I think back at Investor Day, I began to talk collectively about our marketing and promotional rewards and cost of Card Member cost is because it is important that people realize that we think of those as three tools we are using to drive more revenue. And particularly right now, the fastest growing in terms of - in percentage terms, fastest growing tool is cost of Card Member services and I'd expect it will stay that way because of this pivot to really want to emphasis the things we can do uniquely. I think it's a little tricky to, so most of those things are not going to be directly tied in any ways to billing or discount revenue. The way we think of it is you are creating an overall value proposition for your customer that's why we feel really good about our fee revenue increases continuing because it's those kind of experiences whatever the point proposition is that we have to make really appealing to our customers to build loyalty overtime. So that may not be as helpful as you would like in terms of how you might model this, but that's really how we think about the things that are appearing in that line from a business perspective.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, boy, very good and large question. David that I could probably spend another hour taking about, but let me maybe just make a few comments. Clearly Europe is a heavily regulated market that regulation is evolving and regulation evolves in way that aren't always crystal clear. What we do have is a unique business model that gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of how we think about the best way to create value for merchants, who we have to directly negotiate with and convince to accept our card and to their fees and directly create value propositions with Card Members that they will continue to use even in light of all the other changes that to your point are likely to happen in that marketplace. In some ways if you look at our results in Europe the last few quarters in place like the UK, we have seen tremendous growth with some of the changes drive elsewhere in the market with various aspects of the payment service directly. But it's a long game here and I think there are many chapters still to play out. You will see us evolve our business. You will see a significant reductions in coming quarters in the network aspect of our business in Europe which is a small part of our company, it's 10% of our European business which is 10% of our company. So it's 1% or 2% of billings. But you will see that's really significantly reduce that business in response to somebody evolving regulation. And obviously our opportunity and challenge as we do that is in fact to recapture a good chunk of that business on our proprietary network, which at times can actually generate more profits than we see on the network business. So as always we are focused on, how do we use our unique business model, our unique brand in assets to create value propositions for both merchants and for Card Members that are very different from what others can offer? And in many ways I actually think it's complicated as it is. The European payment regulations as they evolve may well provide us new opportunities because we're so different from everybody else. But we'll have to see as time goes by.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yeah, it's a good question James, and I probably should have mentioned it in my remarks. We're in the middle of the game, so we've been clear for a while that we have the company very focused on getting to parity coverage in the U.S. by 2019. We are really pleased now to have all of the large merchant acquirers in the U.S. involved in the program. I would point out to you that the last of the larger ones have come on fairly recently to the program, and it just takes time given the nature of how the acquirers work with small merchants to cycle across the many, many hundreds of thousands and in fact millions of merchants that we need to cycle across year. But we're making good progress and we remain very focused on our 2019 goal. As you've heard me say this is a really important goal for the company for the long term. But it is a long term goal. And you know first we have to get to parity then we have to really change perceptions amongst our customers. Those are long, long game. And I don't think if you look at our financial results today that you see a material upside. Today, when you just do the simple math of we have a lot more small merchants than we used to, we get business from those small merchants and that incremental or the revenues we get from that incremental business more than cover the lesser overall amount of economics for getting from all small merchants as we put them on OptBlue, so that's a net positive. But the real game here is about once we get to parity and once we change perceptions, it's about getting a greater share of wallet because of that and it's about having an ability to be more efficient in our New Card member acquisitions, because of this. And I think we're still a couple of years away from seeing in a really material way the benefits from that. So thank you for the question.
