Toby Willard: Thanks, David. Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today’s call. The discussion contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company’s future financial performance and business prospects, which are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today’s presentation slides and in the Company’s reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to the comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the first quarter 2018 earnings release and presentation slides as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed all of which are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today’s discussion. Today’s discussion will begin with Jeff Campbell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter’s results through the series of presentation slides. Once Jeff completes his remarks, we’ll move to a Q&A session. And with that, let me turn the discussion over to Jeff.
Toby Willard: Thanks, Jeff and thanks for those kind words. Before we open up the lines for Q&A, I’ll ask everybody in the queue to please limit yourself to just one question. And with that, I'll turn it back over to you David. You can open up the lines for Q&A.
Toby Willard: Great. Thanks Jeff, and thank you everybody for joining tonight's call. David, we will wrap it up there.
Jeffrey Campbell: Let me take those in order Sanjay. On the acquisition side, really the biggest thing I would point to are the themes that Doug Buckminster in particular spend a lot of time on at Investor Day and that is our relentless focus over the last couple of years on constantly driving more efficiency into our new Card Member acquisition efforts particularly by getting better every quarter, every year in terms of our digital acquisition efforts. And that is really the largest most important and most sustainable aspect of what is allowing us to moderate marketing and promotional spend while still getting really terrific results in terms of acquiring new Card Members, and I really look to that as opposed to any particular change in the broader competitive environment, and as you know we believe we have a long run, we have continued improvement in those areas. On the subject of T&E spend, certainly in many areas we saw a tick-up sequentially in what we would call internally organic spend growth, so the rate of growth amongst our existing customers. We saw that in U.S. consumer. We saw it in consumers spending outside the U.S. and you see it when you look at the airline volumes as well as the T&E spending. So there's clearly something going on amongst our more premium oriented customer base. The only thing I'm reluctant, Sanjay, to go further on is, it’s difficult for us. We can type lots of anecdotes from discussions with individual consumers or individual corporate clients. It's harder for us to comment on what's going on in all of their minds that’s driving this increased confidence. As you know, when you look at the broader external economic indicators right now, it's hard to see a big inflection point in economic growth or confidence. What I will tell you though is what we see in our numbers is when you consider the nature of our consumer and commercial Card Member base is not necessarily broadly representative, but it’s more premium oriented. There is clearly something going on with increased confidence and increased spending.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well let me be clear on what I said. So certainly if the Fed in fact raises rates as the current consensuses would call for, the pure interest rate component given where betas have been most recently is likely to become a modest headwind for us. So that then leaves you with the impact of the pricing actions, we will continue to be thoughtful about as well as evolving mix. Now I clearly expect the 50 basis point year-over-year increase to begin to moderate. Our job Eric is to do everything we can to manage the Company in the way that the moderation is as small as possible and that’s what we're seeking to do as a team. So we'll have to see just how successful we are making the moderation very small versus large.
Jeffrey Campbell: So good questions, Mark. First off, look on Platinum, I'm just being factual in that value proposition changes we made on the consumer side, we're all in by March of last year. So next quarter will be the first quarter where you completely lap them. The changes we made on the business Platinum side we've already begun to lap. So look we've had tremendous performance in our Platinum portfolio and on the consumer side, where you saw us put a lot more value into the card and price for that value. We are now well over six months into applying the new fee to people as they renew the card and I will tell you the attrition rates have not moved at all. So we feel really good and I think our customers feel really good about the value proposition. Now certainly as you fully lap all the changes, we would expect some moderation in some ways I'm going to give you an answer a little bit like I just gave Eric. We're doing everything we can to try to make that moderation in growth rates as we fully lap the value proposition changes as modest as possible, but there will certainly be some moderation. We’ll just have to see how great it is as we get into next quarter. The other thing I would flag is I think at this point have been pretty clear that there was clearly something going on with organic spend growth across our customer base as you look at this quarter. And here I guess I just point you back to my – we're only 90 days into the year. If there's one thing that probably surprised us a little bit in this quarter's results, Mark it would be that increase while we have been steadily seeing that number increase for many quarters now due to the things we've been doing. There seem to be almost a little bit of an inflection point this quarter that well I’d like to take credit for it I think it's probably a little greater than anything being driven by our steady continuous effort. So 90 days into the year, I'm a little cautious about exactly what's driving that, is it going to sustain itself, we’ll just have to see. So those are probably the two biggest uncertainties I would say in our minds as I sit here on April 18 and think about the billings and volumes trends that we might see in the coming couple of quarters.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, Craig I’ll make a few comments. First off, our number one focus is driving steady and consistent revenue and earnings per share growth and we have lots of levers to achieve that. Second thing I would say is as you know we have a tremendous 10-year track record of steadily getting leverage on the operating expense side. And in many forums we will talk about the fact that if you look at the last 10 years, you've seen our operating expenses grow at a CAGR of 1% or 2% when volumes were growing at tremendous rates. And I'd also point out to you that Steve Squeri in addition to his many other areas of focus and strength has always been a particular believer in the power of our integrated model and our ability to build scale economies given the nature of our integrated business model. So we are very confident in our ability to get steady operating expense leverage. All I'm going to resist a little bit is being real precise about the exact number in any given year because there will be times when it will make sense to put more money into things like our digital capabilities, into things like the many, many sales forces that we run in many of our businesses across the globe. At times those are things that will cause us to increase operating expenses frankly and allow us to pull down things like marketing expenses and get a better result. So I'm going to be cautious about giving you an exact number Craig. But under any circumstances, you should expect to see us continue to get steady operating expense leverage.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good. So let me start with the tax reform. It’s always a little careless, I think, Don, for us to speculate on what drives particular consumer behavior. Certainly the facts are that we saw in the U.S., a clear sequential uptick in spending by consumers and you can speculate on whether that's confidence or greater economic growth or something to do with the Tax Act. When I look at the provision, I would tell you that relative to our expectations, while the provision on a percentage basis came in about exactly like we would have expected year-over-year. In fact the rate – the delinquencies, the rates were probably a tiny bit better than we’ve expected in our lending volumes were a little bit higher and they netted out to give you a provision that was right in line with what we expected. So those are the facts. I guess I'd be a little reluctant to try to draw direct lines between the Tax Act and any of those specifics. Now you are correct. We're getting nice to grow in both our international consumer lending portfolio as well as our corporate lending, which mostly mean small and mid-size enterprise lending portfolios. I would point out to everyone remind you all that the U.S. consumer business is still the predominant portion of our lending. But the SME lending is also still predominately in the U.S. and I’d say we really feel we have the same exact insights in handle there that we do on the consumer side. The only things I make on international consumer is that of course is done in multiple markets, which have very different characteristics. So there are some markets we operate in that are extremely attractive, but have by nature higher write-off rates and generally much higher yields that compensate for that and produce really good economics. And so within any given market, obviously we feel we have a very good handle on the risks in the forecast and where we're going. When you look at that aggregate international number, I will say of the average of a lot of very different things. So it's a little tougher to generalize about it. So that's probably the way I would take you through the landscape.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, Rick, I guess I'd say a few things. We are focused on driving steady revenue and earnings per share growth for our shareholders. We’re focused on providing tremendous value propositions for our Card Members, and we think we have a lot of tremendous value propositions out in the marketplace today. As I said here today, I feel really good about our value propositions. I don't feel the need to do anything dramatic in response to what else is out there. We feel fabulous about the progress we've made on Platinum and when you look at our growth rates in every customer and geographic segment this quarter, I think you have to conclude that we have great value propositions. We have also really focused the last couple years on evolving our value propositions in ways that try to leverage the unique differentiated assets we have. And the growth you see in the Card Member services line is a part of that, but our global scale, the size of our premium customer base, our brand, we closely model, all of those things allow us to do things with a variety of partners and to do things like our global lounge program that are we believe difficult for others to match. And as an aside, Rick I'd say it's often difficult for people to quantify in the many reward comparisons that people sometimes do. So our job is to do provide great value propositions to Card Members to produce steady returns for shareholders. Frankly, I don't see anything about the Tax Act that should change strategies we are implying to do either of those two things. Obviously we'll have to see how the environment evolves, but we feel good about where we are today and we feel good about the results we just posted.
Jeffrey Campbell: I’d say couple things Moshe. First, we feel great about our relationship with Marriott, which is a broad multifaceted relationship cuts across our travel business, our cobrands, our merchant acceptance relationships, things we do with MR, very broad relationship produces a lot of value for us. We believe it produces a lot of value for Marriott and we believe it offers some great value to Card Members. We’ve run the company for the long-term in the grand scheme of things. We don't worry too much about a couple months in the marketplace one way or another. Next thing I’d say is really broadly speaking; we have more different value propositions in the marketplace by far than any of our competitors. And we do that very thoughtfully because we believe that every Card Member has a little different set of things that they value and so that's why we have different tiers whether you want to look at our proprietary charge products, whether you want to look at our different proprietary credit products, that’s why when you look at many of our largest cobrand partnerships you see us offering multiple products because people do not all issue the same things. And in particular with all of those products, our ability to offer a differentiated set of assets meaning on our brand, meaning on our global scale, meaning on some of the unique assets we can bring to bear, we think make our value propositions tremendously strong. So the particular competitor you mentioned certainly made a lot of noise in the marketplace with some offers that lot of people thought were pretty extreme about two years ago, we just finished the year 2017 with the highest number of Platinum card members we've ever had with the most spending by those Card Members despite raising the fees if we paid for that card. So we feel really good about our value proposition. We feel really good about the partnership we have with Marriott and we think that the marketplace over time will really recognize the value that we're putting into our Marriott value propositions.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, let me maybe take those one at a time and let me starts Bob with the small and mid-sized enterprise business. We have as you know in the U.S. a tremendously valuable franchise with small businesses. We see ourselves as being the first into that marketplace. We're very focused on providing all the kinds of specialized services and products that are value in that marketplace and that’s been tremendous thing for us. I would say over the years, we probably haven’t replicated that level of focus outside the U.S. in that marketplace, until we made that decision as part of the many things we did to help reposition the company over the last few years to combine under one leader at the time, it was Steve, all of our global small and large commercial businesses. And it's really at that point that we began to refocus on taking all the learnings frankly that we have from the U.S. and bring them to the SME market in many other countries around the globe. And outside the U.S., I would say we view this is still a pretty underdeveloped market, where – well in varies and each country that we're in, the competitive environment is probably not quite as developed as it is in the U.S. So we feel great about the 20% growth you’ve seen in the last couple of quarters and we would see a very long runway even focus we now have in this area to continue it. Now on the proprietary consumer side, the bottom line as we also see a long runway to continue to grow above the market. If you look at the most recent quarter, it's too early to have all the comparative data. But I would suspect that in probably all of our top 10 markets now we are growing faster in the industry we're still small - those markets though and we actually put those two things together and say that's part of our gives us a long runway to continue to grow a little faster than the market and it's our ability to offer really differentiated value propositions versus the competition in all of those markets. Now, I will say Australia you have some dynamics because Australia we are in the process of shutting down our network business and that is helping to create opportunities for us to find people who really value the American Express brand and what we can offer and put great proprietary products into their hand. But we more broadly see a long runway to grow outside the U.S. both with small businesses as well as in a consumer marketplace. So thanks Bob.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes. Well, Ken the real answer is what you just said, which is that we are focused on driving steady returns, no matter where we find them across the business. The GNS business, because of regulation in Europe and Australia will be a little smaller year from now than it is now that will not have any material impact on the overall companies ROE. And as I just pointed out in response to Bob’s question, there are some really great growth opportunities that we're pursuing in light of the shrinking of that network business in a few places. So GNS is an important part of our broader long-term strategy and plays a critical role in many, many places around the globe, but it will continue to evolve. And we will not get locked into any one strategy, but we will always be looking for where we can find the best opportunities to deploy capital efficiency and produce great differentiated returns. End of Q&A
