Daniel T. Henry: So yes the draft is not even out yet, so getting very specific in terms of answering all the elements of your question is really not possible. I think the main point that we wanted to make is that the cap relates to four party systems, and from our understanding does not relate to three party systems, which is our system therefore our proprietary business, the proprietary consumer business, and our corporate card business is not impacted. However in our GNS business, we think the cap will apply as a result of that we’ll have an impact directly on that business, exactly how it’s going to play out will depend on, exactly what the draft says and the debate that will take place between now and the time that the final rules are issued, which will be several quarters in the future. So it’s hard to be more specific at this point and it is our intent, once we have a chance to read the draft, to touch on this topic at the Financial Community Meeting which will take place on August 8. In terms of cardmember reimbursements, as we identify items we look for root [causes] [ph], and if there is a need for us to modify our procedures going forward, we’ll do that and if it’s appropriate to have reimbursements for customers we’ll do that as well, as I said in the second quarter of last year and this year the numbers are at a similar level. It has varied from quarter-to-quarter in terms of how much it is. Forecasting what might happen in the future is difficult because certainly anything we know about, we have addressed at this juncture, but certainly in the course of our work of reviewing our policies and our practices, it’s potential we could identify other items, and if they do we will remediate those, and if appropriate have reimbursements, but there is really no way to forecast what that might be.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So certainly as I said, there’s going to be a direct impact as it relates to GNS and the business we do with GNS partners. And then there will be an indirect impact, but that’s something again that will be very dependent on what the final rules actually say, and how we need to react in the marketplace. Certainly we have faced these types of challenges in other markets, and I think we have reacted in a way that's been beneficial in terms of our overall business. It’s hard to really specifically say, what's going to happen, because we don’t even know what the draft rules are exactly nor what the final rules will be. A whole lot will take place in the marketplace. This is something that I think will play out honestly not only over a couple of quarters, but likely over a couple of years, but we will be very thoughtful about how we approach that. In terms of the commercial piece of the European business that’s not disclosure that we’ve historically made at this juncture. I thought the most useful information that was to actually share what percentage the GNS billings were of the total billings in Europe. So hopefully that was helpful. Canadian benefit, kind of falls in this category of an amount we thought was large enough that we should mention, but not large enough to give the dollar amount, which is kind of in our practice on a fair number of items like this, but to let you know that there is something in there that is affecting the line item and therefore the growth rate.Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: All right, thank you.
Daniel T. Henry: Yeah, so I mean currently we have a premium position, right? And that’s what enables us to provide the value in our products that we provide to our customers. And certainly, initially the gap between what our discount rates are and the cap will probably widen that gap somewhat. But realistically we know we’ll have to react to a second place in the marketplace. I don’t want to analogize this exactly to Australia because every market is different, but what we did in Australia actually demonstrates the fact that we have a flexible business model and are thoughtful in terms of how we do react when the environment changes.Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And to address some of the concerns that are out there around regulators focusing on the three-party system, can you just talk – your comments today were very helpful in the release and what you’ve said so far in the call, but can you just give us, I guess more broadly a perspective on whether you’ve ever heard of any regulator, you have any experience with any regulator anywhere around the world, really talk about bifurcating the negotiated merchant discount rate in your proprietary business with the goal of regulating it. I think that's kind of where some people were going and it just seems, I remember from past meetings that we've had with your Head of Global Merchant Services, it seems pretty clear that regulators around the world kind of get your models different because your rates are negotiated. I wonder if that's still a fair, a reasonable way of thinking about it, if you can just comment on that. Thank you.
Daniel T. Henry: So I just said we negotiate our rates with the merchants around the world. Certainly in Australia that regulation didn't address our rates specifically. That was a four-party systems and your understanding of this draft as it was characterized us we don't believe addresses three-party system such as ours. So that seems to be the course of action that happens historically and our understanding of the same plays here. What may happen elsewhere, always time will tell, but that has been the focus historically when it's come to a change of regulation.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, the $219 million, as I said, includes the Canadian item. So I don’t know that I used that number in the first quarter. So in the first quarter of this year we didn’t have any items that we spiked out and it was $246 million.Brian D. Foran – Autonomous Research: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Daniel T. Henry: Yeah. Well, I haven’t said that. I mean, we’re not necessarily intimating that the conversations of the people who have characterized this to us are the regulators, right? So it is based on our understanding, previously to this leak of the drafts where we would come out and based on the characterizations of those people who have seen the draft and discussed it with us, our sense is that in fact notably different than what we have been thinking about before. However we actually see the draft and get a chance to read it and digest it, then we’ll all even be in a better position, but as you indicated there were certainly notable discussion in the press and activity in our stocks, and so we wanted our press release to share our understanding of where we are even though we haven't read the complete document. And so that's the state of play at the moment. After it is issued on the 24th, we will read it and if there is anything – any refinements we can make, we will do that at the financial committee meeting on August 8.Richard B. Shane – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, I guess we look forward to reading it at the same time you guys do. Thanks guys.
Daniel T. Henry: So we think it’s, each items to talk one item this quarter, it’s a number of items in each quarter, and each item is unique. So each quarter we evaluate the items that are in front of us and make the judgment based on our view at that quarter of how it should be categorized, so you can have different types of items in different quarters. That’s really the thing that is the primary driver.Kenneth Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you and best of luck.
Daniel T. Henry: So we say we went migrate back towards historical levels, okay. We are having to have 2007 on there, which is 67%, but we went and migrate back to the historical levels. If we are successful and it’s our plan to be successful of growing operating expense at less than 3%, that’s going to create leverage and should enable us to continue to improve that number over the next 18 months.Ryan M. Nash – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay, so first GNS is not in the discount rate calculations, it’s really a calculation based on our proprietary business, so that’s not in there. So we have said, in the absence of increasing price anywhere because of our strategies drive further into everyday spend categories, in the normal course we’d expect the discount rate to drop by two or three basis points a year. We in fact have not seen that over the last several years as there have been opportunities where we are bringing greater value to merchants and then obviously we’ve been able to increase price in certain situations, so that the drop in discount rate has been probably more in the 1% or 2% level over the past several years. So if we can drive sufficient volume by moving into new categories and driving volumes up, then I would expect to see some drop in discount rate as we go forward. But that's very much on strategy for what we want to accomplish over the long-term.Donald Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. And then quickly any updates on Bluebird in terms of transaction over fees.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think we're going to do some updates of the data that we shared at the FCM in February, at the August, FCM. So we'll update that information on August 8.Donald Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: So, cards in force number, which is 4% was 2% on proprietary cards. So that’s pretty consistent. We’ve kind of been at the 2%, 3% growth rate over the last five or six quarters. So the growth rate there is very consistent with the last few quarters. The growth rate in the GNS cards at 7% is somewhat lower than what we’ve seen over the last several quarters. It had been kind of in the low-single digits, right. So the lower growth rate is driven by fewer GNS cards in out there. So the growth in our business is going to come, as I said before, from both higher average spend as well as higher number of cards and the fact that cards are growing at 2% and 3% compared to maybe proprietary cards compared to higher levels historically is due to the change in strategy more focused on the premium cards as opposed to just being cards in. In terms of new cards in China, part of what drove the strong performance in GNS and in JAPA, the answer to that is, yes, right. So both in China and Korea we’ve had some new partners signed and some new product launches in those countries, both by new partners and existing partners. So that is part of what’s driving the GNS and JAPA growth rates that we see.James Friedman – Susquehanna International Group, LLP: Hi. And just as a follow-up housekeeping. So Bluebird is not included in that cards in force type of zone, imagine that’s a pretty big number, but…
Daniel T. Henry: It’s not included in cards in force, no.James Friedman – Susquehanna International Group, LLP: Okay, okay. And at some point will you start to decompose the cards in force at that level? Thank you.
Daniel T. Henry: So, I mean currently we share information in terms of what the GNS piece is. I think we can do some geographic splits for you. So, I think that I don’t know that we are going to give more detail on that, it wasn’t in our thinking, but certainly as we move forward we’ll provide information as it relates to new products like Bluebird but we think it’s appropriate.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, we have come up with this 9% number out there. And I don’t want it be a target or a guideline, but I think it’s recognition of the fact that on an annual basis, right we have fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. On an annual basis, we need to increase investments at the rate they were growing the business, if we’re going to continue to have the type of business momentum that we want. So my view is we are very committed to investing in the growth of business. You have seen us do that historically and we will continue to do that. So our view is we want to make sure that there are sufficient investment dollars to sustain the business momentum as we go forward. Certainly the whole focus on reengineering that we announced in January is designed to grow operating expense at a slower rate, so that it provides additional resources for investment in the growth of the business.Mark C. DeVries – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, best of luck to you Dan.
Daniel T. Henry: As we said, there were selected price increases on certain products. We never tried to squeeze out higher fees, we don’t want to increase fees without improving the value proposition for customers, so our practice has been where we increase fees to also avail that increase the value propositions to our customers and we have been very successful at that and when we have had fee increases, we have not seen a notable attrition as a result of that. So it’s all tied into – we’re delivering value, we’ve increased the value, part of the increase in the fee and probably of course it goes into the bottom line, what portions goes back into increasing the value to the cardmember. That has been our strategy and I think it will be our strategy going forward.Chris Brendler – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great and then my follow-up question, enterprise growth and your initiatives there, the $3 billion target, I guess and possible with your Bloomberg update for the community meeting in early August, so ultimately feel an update there, I am just curious as to the investments you made over the past several years, serving particular, are we starting to see any meaningful contributions from those new initiatives yet? Any color there would be helpful.
Daniel T. Henry: So, I think one of topics at the meeting will be Dan Schulman and he will talk about what’s taking place both in Serve as well as Bloomberg in particular.Chris Brendler – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Excellent. Congratulations Dan. Thanks a lot.
Daniel T. Henry: So I am not going to say, I am an expert here. But I think there is some language in there about what you need to split the merchant core processor and the merchant acquirer I guess in the network. In that case, in our case, we do all those functions, so it doesn’t appear to us that that was the applicable in our situation. But again once you get a chance to read the draft, we can address that more specifically.Bradley G. Ball – Evercore Partners Inc.: So it would apply to a four party system, but not to the three party system, is that…
Daniel T. Henry: That’s our understanding.Bradley G. Ball – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. Thanks everybody for joining the call and thank you very much for your congratulations. From my perspective it has been a pleasure dealing with each of you as well and we are highly confident that Jeff will do a terrific job as we go forward. So thanks very much.
