Rick Petrino: Thank you and welcome. We appreciate everybody joining us for today’s call. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company’s future financial performance and business prospects, which are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today’s earnings press release and earnings supplement which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company’s other reports already on file with the SEC. The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the first quarter 2015 earnings release, earnings supplement and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed all of which are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today’s discussion. Today’s discussion will begin with Jeff Campbell, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter’s earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed. Once Jeff completes his remarks, we will move to a Q&A session. With that, let me turn it over to Jeff.
Rick Petrino: Thanks Jeff. As a reminder, in order to provide a greater opportunity for more analysts to ask a question during the call, I will ask that those in the queue please limit yourself to just one question. Thanks for your cooperation in this process. And with that operator, let’s open up the lines for questions.
Rick Petrino: Thanks Jeff. So, yes, before we close, I just want to mention that we are speaking at a number of conferences this quarter. First, our CEO, Ken Chenault will be participating in the Bernstein Strategic Decision’s Conference in New York on May 28; then the President of our Global Network and International Card Services Business, Doug Buckminster will be at the William Blair Growth Conference in Chicago on June 9th; and then on June 10th, American Express President, Ed Gilligan will be at the Morgan Stanley Financial Conference here in New York. Live audio webcast of each of these events will be made available to the general public through the American Express Investor Relations website at ir.amerianexpress.com. Thanks again for joining tonight’s call and thank you for your continued interest in American Express.
Jeff Campbell: Thanks Sanjay for the question. Maybe let me start by providing just a little bit of context for Canada because we’ve given a fairly unusual amount of color around the U.S. where we pointed out that that relationship consists of about 70% of the cobrand spend being out of store, also talked about the cobrand in the U.S, accounting for about 8%of global billings. To draw a contrast to Canada, in Canada, the Costco cobrand and Costco as a merchant represented a more significant portion of our country total billings in Canada. The other probably two very important differences to point out to you are that the portion of spend on the Costco Canada cobrand that was in store was much higher, it was about 60% in store and of course in Canada there was no sale of the portfolio. So with all that as context, you are correct that this is the first full quarter since the termination of acceptance of Amex products in Canada on January 1st. As you would expect that means all of the in store spend goes away. But we, while it’s still early, I would say continue to be pleased as you now heard us say in a couple forums, by our efforts to capture the spend and lend of the Canadian Costco card members. And of course in Canada, we did issue a new cash back card. As you would expect we are very focused on those customers who clearly have an affinity with the American Express brand. And I’d say there have been significant learnings and we are encouraged by them and we are being very thoughtful about how we will apply them in the U.S. As you would expect Sanjay, I probably don’t want to provide a lot of color and detail beyond that general statement, but we are encouraged on quarter end.
Jeff Campbell: Couple of comments, I really, in terms of the progress potential outcome, Don, on any portfolio sale, I can’t really comment beyond what we’ve already said, which is we’ll just have to see -- there’s a process and we’ll see how it plays out. In terms of the financial outlook, we have provided, I would remind everyone that we did not include any assumption about a gain on the sale of the portfolio. So any gain would be incremental to the outlook we laid out. When you think about capital implications, obviously if there is a portfolio sale, there’s a significant reduction in risk weighted assets, that’s the Costco U.S. loan portfolio as we previously talked about constituted about 20% of our global loan portfolio. That in and of itself depending upon how quickly we ramp our efforts elsewhere to replace that spend, that of course frees up some capital. And to the extent there is a sale and there is a gain, I think it’s fair to say that we’d have to look at the timing and amount of any gain and think about what portion of it we might want to use to make sure we’re fully funding our efforts to capture the future spend and lend from our relationships with the Costco card members and what portion should drop to the bottom line. Clearly, we have a very strong balance sheet already. And I think we’ve demonstrated a very strong and steady commitment to using that balance sheet to return capital to shareholders. It’s also fair to say though that the nature and timing of the CCAR process means there is often a lag between big developments that impact capital and our ability to run them through the CCAR process. So, we’ll kind have to see how this plays out. But hopefully that gives you a sense Don of how we’re thinking about the various components.
Jeff Campbell: Good question, David. Let me make a few comments. One of the reasons why we have continued to talk a little bit about an expectation that you will see more quarterly unevenness in our earnings is we think the prudent thing here is to be a little flexible around the timing at amounts that we choose to spend around one of the things that we will be ramping our growth spending initiative, our growth initiative spending on and that’s focusing on the capturing a future spend and lend from our relationship with Costco card members. It’s very complex process between now and 2016 that will play out in that relationship. And we need a little bit of flexibility that will determine when we choose to ramp up some of our marketing efforts and when we do. Certainly that is one of the elements though when you think about what is different this year, potentially next year about the range of things that we do growth spending on. We have a very rich pool of very dedicated American Express card members and we will do our best to capture their future spend and lend. The second thing I might point out for 2015 is we are very excited about the launch of Plenti, since you brought coalition. As you would imagine or as you recall, we have a pretty well drawn track with the loyalty coalition business as we’ve launched that in other countries for understanding the flows from the first year of launch which is more of an investment year and has as the program that matures in the coming years. So, it’s fair to say that we want to make sure this is a really strong launch and we’re putting a lot of resource towards that in 2015. And that’s probably a little different in terms of the profile that you would have seen last year and a little different than what you will see next year as the progress moves beyond the launch phase. Beyond those two things, I would say, really that we will be investing in the range of growth opportunities we have across the Company; we tried to do a pretty thorough overview of those at Investor Day and really expand the Company. So, you’ll see us continue to invest in some of the international markets where we’ve seen particularly high rates of growth. Basically you’ll see us continue to invest around our small business and middle market efforts. You will see us continue to invest in some of the areas where we believe expanding the breadth of the demographic that our brand reaches out to is producing new opportunities and you will see us continue to do some things that we think will drive the steady growth in lending that you’re seeing above industry averages. So that’s probably how we think about the spending overall.
Jeff Campbell: Bill, that’s a good and actually very important question. So, we have a range of businesses across American Express and of course we have a fairly unique business model in our core business. That range of businesses and that business model produce a tremendous return on equity relative to most of our peers in financial services. And so, we are thrilled that we have an ROE which this quarter was 29% and we have really strong track record in meeting our more than 25% target. And I think it’s a real commentary on the strength of more business model. But we shouldn’t confuse that with hurdle rates for incremental investments or for how we think about bidding for business. Because of course if we really look at our cost of capital, you will of course get to numbers far, far below 25%. And I can spend the rest of the call getting philosophical, but exactly how you might calculate our cost of capital when we look at it, as you would expect in many ways, but suffices to say it is much below 25% and it is somewhere around the 10% range depending on which measure you want to look at. And when we are thinking about incremental opportunities in a bidding situation, I don’t really believe that we would take a different economic choice based strictly on a hurdle rate. Now, we do make choices based on the next part of your question though which is we do have a range of opportunities in our business. And we generate a range of returns on equity and a range of returns on an incremental dollar of expense spending as well. And so, when we think about opportunities, we’re always making sure that anything we do is going to generate incremental value for our shareholders and be above our returns on capital, but we also have to think about the range of opportunities in the financial and managerial resources that we have to allocate across those opportunities. And one of the things you heard us talk a fair amount about going all the way back to the February 2012 investor call that Ken and I had on Costco is as we thought about where we were with Costco, one of the things we really thought about was the range of other opportunities we have; some of the non-financial constraints that a future contract might have entailed. And when we baked all of those things together, we came to the conclusion that in a long run, we would be better off pursuing another path. But I think it would be a real misnomer for anyone to conclude from that that oh! American Express is never going to pursue a transaction or piece of business that has a return on equity below 25%, so they are not competitive. Our job is to create value for our shareholders. And of course I’d like to create it at the highest possible ROE and I’d like to create it in the highest possible parts of our business. But if I can create a new chunk of business at something that is closer to our hurdle rate, we will absolutely of course pursue that business if it’s the best alternative in the long run for the company.
Jeff Campbell: It’s a very accurate description, Sameer I think of where we are in the last couple of quarters. I would have to call this quarter’s provision one that is certainly off the normal trend. I talked in my remarks about the fact that of course, you have a normal Q4 to Q1 decline in your loan and receivable balances and that does generally drive a seasonal therefore decline in your reserves and that happened this year, as it did last year. However, you have a combination of the fact that last year’s first quarter had a few various more specific items that happen to drive that number up; a little bit this quarter, we had some of the kind of specific adjustments for items that you have every quarter in the provision that happen to drive it down a little bit. You put those two together and you suddenly get a really big year-over-year difference. I think the more which is why I also in my remarks tried to point people to I think the more important thing to think about here is, as we look at the rest of 2015, in the current economic environment, we expect layoff trends to stay pretty strong. However, we’ve been steadily growing our loan balances and you would expect reserves to build along with those loan balances. And some of these specific items that drove the Q1 results, we wouldn’t necessarily expect to repeat. So you put all that together and I would expect to see provision going up year-over-year in 2015. And I would also just remind you that in terms of what assumptions, we made in the financial outlook we’ve given for 2016 and 2017, we did assume in 2016 and 2017 that you do see some modest uptick in write-off rates and hence provision and reserves.
Jeff Campbell: That’s a good question, Eric. And what I would say is that because we can’t be completely sure of the timing and outcome of any potential portfolio sale, we built an outlook for 2016 which we think we can achieve under a range of potential outcomes for the portfolio. And we’ve built an outlook that to be exclusive does not include any potential gain on a sale. So, we think as a matter what assumption you might want to make about the resolution around the portfolio, we think we have enough levers in our business to hit the outlook we’ve given for 2016. Now certainly there are some things that could drive you above that. If there is a gain on a sale for example that is clearly not in our outlook and would be incremental, but we just don’t know enough about the final outcome and the timing of the final outcome to be specific beyond the comments I just made.
Jeff Campbell: Let me take those one at a time, Cheryl. On hedging, so we do some foreign exchange hedging but it’s really about frankly helping us have a clear view from a planning perspective within a quarter. It helps us know what the FX impact is going to be. In essence at the beginning of a quarter we do a bunch of hedging that unwind as you get to the end of the quarter. So, you’re not further impacted by anything that happens in the quarter. That obviously has zero impact on our longer trend or on the year-over-year declines. And as we think about doing any other kind of strategy longer term to hedge, our conclusion at the end of the day is that, we think there is value in the diverse set of global businesses we have we think in the long run; the currencies go up and down and tend to equilibrate over time and that the frictional costs and frankly the volatility that the accounting drives for any longer term hedging strategy has caused us to shy away from it. So that’s how we think about hedging. On the U.S., obviously we’ll have to see where the economy goes as we get into the rest of the year. I think it’s fair to say from our experience in the first quarter, we haven’t started to see estimates of GDP growth in the U.S. or elsewhere, but I think when we look at our own experience and some of the external data around retail sales and we look at what’s happening to gas prices, when we look at some of the immediately somewhat anecdotal stories we hear in our corporate card business, it suggests to us that it was certainly not the most robust of quarters for economic growth. So really in that environment for us to want to adjust for FX in last year’s business travel, get to 5% revenue growth, we actually feel pretty good about. When you think about the rest of the year, you’re correct. I mean we’re up about OptBlue; it is a multiyear effort. I want to be clear that when Anre Williams on our team first talked about it at the February financial community meeting last year, we talked about it in the context of sort of 2015 to 2017. In that vein, we are encouraged that we actually signed up 400,000 merchants in 2014 and that was sort of before we told you, we start to ramp the program much. So we do think as we get into the latter part of 2015 that we should begin to see a meaningful benefit from OptBlue and we remain very encouraged by it. We obviously remain very encouraged by lots of other things in the market. Our steady growth in the U.S. of growing our lend portfolio, we expect to be able to continue and we think we’re doing that without materially changing the risk profile of Company by really focusing on capturing a fairer share of our card member spend. We’re excited about our continued efforts around broadening the reach of the brand with things like the everyday card and we’re excited about things like Plenti. And if you haven’t focused on it, I’ll point out to you, we are going to launch a Plenti cobrand which we think will be a very interesting play as just one more step on our pathway of broadening the demographic reach of the brand and the franchise. So, we’ll have to see where the economy goes and what the environment does but those are probably some of the things we’re thinking about as we look at the rest of the year.
Jeff Campbell: Well, it’s a good question Craig. Let me just remind everyone of the facts. So, what it does to us as well, strike us is that in the corporate card segment you saw a sequential slowing from 8% in Q4 to 4% in Q1 and that’s clearly a much sharper sequential slowing that you’ve seen elsewhere. As we have dug into that a little bit, it is primarily driven by the U.S. and seems to be a little bit more striking in our larger accounts in the U.S. In terms of what this means for the broader economy six months from now, I guess I’d be cautious. One, if you look at corporate spending, it tends to be a little more volatile than some of our other segments because companies who’ve gotten pretty good over the years are turning on and off their travel spends and other T&E spend in response to their own business challenges in all sense of the economic environment. I think in any part of our business we are always cautious about saying just one quarter makes a trend. So, we’ll have to see. I guess I’d say it’s a note of caution for us but I wouldn’t want to read too much into it at this point in time.
Jeff Campbell: Those are good questions, Rick and ones believe me we’ve been asking ourselves. So, maybe I’ll even take this opportunity to step back a little bit. Certainly, we are watching very closely across our global portfolio for any impact to both billings and credit arising from the rather dramatic drop in oil prices. And what I would tell you for now is certainly we see the billings impact to the drop in oil prices; remember it’s 2% to 3% of our billings, so 30% drop costs about 1 point of billings growth. We do see some drop in spend from some of the oil services companies in the grand scheme of our overall billings. However that did not total up to anything that is significant for us. We have not seen any significant deterioration in credit yet either by industry or parts of the U.S. or parts of the globe that are particularly driven by an oil economy but believe me we’re watching all of that like a hawk. It’s also difficult for us to say whether people taking their monies, their savings from slightly lower oil prices and using it to spur more spending elsewhere, that’s tough for us to see. I’m not saying it’s not happening but not sure we can really see any of it. So to come all the way back to the origin of your question which is what’s driving the sharper sequential decline in corporate card, I think we’ve done enough work to say it doesn’t appear to be isolated to oil service, doesn’t appear to be isolated to any particular industry or geography with any fire point than it is primarily U.S. not in other parts of the world.
Jeff Campbell: Well I think, I might break the answer, Ryan, into three components, so we think about this. Talk a little bit about U.S.; talk a little bit about international; and then separately talk about Costco. Because in the U.S. in fact our loan growth is close to 7% and has been running up at the 6% to 7% rate for the last couple of quarters. And I would say that if you look at the kinds of things that Ed in particular talked about at Investor Day, this is an area where we think we could run that number also little higher than that in the current industry environment without any material change in our risk profile by continuing to build from a marketing perspective, new customers as well as within existing customers, both bringing or borrowing focus customers as well capture more of our preferred share of the borrowing behavior of our existing customers. We are pretty upbeat about that and think it’s a real opportunity for the Company. Internationally, we have a much, much smaller loan portfolio. We do think we can achieve steady growth that’s masked right now by the very significant foreign exchange impacts you see and the fact that and this comes in our third point, there was a loan portfolio associated with Costco Canada. While we didn’t sell the portfolio as you would expect because as I said earlier in response to question because 60% of the spend on it Canadian Costco cobrand using store as that spend run away January 1, you see a more rapid decline in some of the loan balances as well and so that will drag on the international piece a little bit. The third component to think about is Costco in the U.S. So, we can’t be sure of the outcome of any potential sale of the portfolio but that portfolio, if were to be sold, represents 20% of our loan. So, you could accelerate your growth excluding that by significant amount from 7%; it’s still going to take you a long time frankly to get back to even where we are today in terms of the overall loan portfolio and what that means for the spend centricity if you will of our overall income statement. So, long winded answer to your question, but I think you do have to think about loan growth in the context of those three categories. So, I think we have time for one last question, operator.
