Jeff Campbell: Well, it’s good and an important question. And certainly, we have been pleased over the last number of quarters to see loan growth in the 3% to 4% range at a time when the industry numbers were flattish to in some quarter down a little bit. And when you look at that growth over the last year, so it really has been driven by spending of our card members. And as we look at the sequential acceleration from 4% to 6% this quarter, we still see it pretty much just driven by spend levels of our card members that certainly one can speculate goes along with just continued levels or growth and levels of confidence about the economy. So there’s certainly nothing unusual in terms of timing or accounting or any of those items. I mean we think that the sequential pickup in growth rates is very solid, and assuming the economic environment stays the same, we would hope that it continues at that trend. I think the other thing I really do want to emphasize that I mentioned that I mentioned in the earlier remarks is it just increased spend that has driven the loan growth. We are very focused and very comfortable with our current risk profile and so you haven’t seen us make any significant changes in the various decisions we’re making around risk.
Jeff Campbell: So I’d probably break that into two parts, Eric. On things like marketing and promotion, as we’ve said for a couple of quarters now we clearly saw the opportunity with the business travel gain to increase spending levels this quarter but I would expect to see them go back towards what I would call more normal or normalized levels beginning next quarter. There’s some seasonality in that and you see that seasonality quite clearly in the chart on Slide 13, but that’s what I would expect to see next quarter on the marketing and promotion side. In terms of the restructuring charge that we took, you are quite correct in that that will drive some economies for us in the coming quarters. However, you can imagine that given the size of the charge, there is some complexity to the changes that we will be making and so it will take us into 2015 before you will see the economic benefit on the operating expense side of the restructuring charge we took and the changes that it will facilitate us making to our operation over the course of the next year or so.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, it’s completely distinct from anything we called out. And the way I would think about this, Eric, is you have seen us over the last couple of years make a couple of all-related incremental improvements in the methodology we use for estimating this liability. This was one of the last remaining pieces of that change. We made earlier changes in the more material markets. And so that’s why this was smaller charge but it was still significant enough to call out for you that I believe now brings us globally to where we have adopted a new and we believe a better methodology for how we calculate URR around the globe. But that is all completely separate from the discussion we had around the incremental investments we chose to affirmatively make in the quarter to help grow the business.
Jeff Campbell: Well, on spend growth going forward, boy, we are always really cautious about trying to project forward, because as you know it’s in our – results are tied to a number of things but including what happens economically. And I would say, as we look at the June 4% to 9% billing growth rate, we are reasonably pleased with that number given the fact that the economy is with the very, very big slow down that we saw in Q1. When you look at Q2 and you look at year-over-year growth in the economy and I’d remind everyone that’s really what our year-over-year billings growth is more correlated to and not necessarily the sequential trend in GDP but the year-over-year trend. The latest forecast that I look at for the June quarter and we’ll all see the numbers in the coming weeks, make an estimate that the year-over-year growth in GDP is probably down in the 1.2% to 2% range. So when it’s given – if that in fact turns out to be the case, they have 9% billings growth, it’s actually something we’re fairly pleased with. Obviously, what happens going forward is going to be heavily impacted by what happens to that year-over-year economic growth number, particularly in the US economy which is still the largest chunk of our billing so we’ll have to – have to see where that plays out. I would just make the observation that as we’ve looked at our June quarter results and billings trend, there’s nothing particularly unusual or one time oriented to two of those numbers. I think they’re reflective of the core underlying run rate of the business in that quarter, in the economic environment. In terms of when the incremental investments pay off, as we always do and we think about investments, we invest in a range of things that have payoffs from very short to medium term to a few things that have very long-term payoffs. When you look at the restructuring charges, there is a very detailed set of plans for the changes we will make and when we will get the benefits and they will be mostly fully played out or mostly in place by the time you get out 12 months from now. If you look at the spend on growth initiatives, when you think about things like the EveryDay Card launch and our card acquisition efforts, those will begin to show more of an impact as you get in to the second, third, fourth quarters from when we make those investments. The one long-term thing we did is as we’ve said for quite some time on Serve, that is a long-term proposition for us that we believe in. And this is the first time we’ve ever really done any media on Serve and I’d remind you that that is an area where we really are trying to in some ways create a new category, and we have to help our customers understand how to use that product and how it can really help make their financial life better. That’s a longer-term prospect. So that’s how I would think about the range of investments from close-in to medium term to longer term.
Jeff Campbell: I’ll – though, I will make just a few very brief comments. Of course, just to be clear, as you stated, there is no finding anywhere that we have market power around the globe. Two, we work really hard every day because of the unique nature of our closed-loop network to demonstrate the value we provide to the merchants and the value we provide to our card members and none of whom has to have our product or have acceptance of our product, and we work at that every single day. Third, I would just make the factual statement that once you leave the US market, our market shares are very, very small in other countries around the globe. So I think given, as you prefaced your question with the tendency of the DOJ trial though I probably should limit my comments to those, but these are all issues we, of course, feel very strongly about.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess, I’d make a couple of comments. If you draw an analogy to our card or credit business, we have many different products in all of the countries around the globe in which we do business because they all serve different target segments and we think there is tremendous value in having the right card for the right customer. And so, I think Wal-Mart as they think about what they want to offer to their customers, similarly believes that there should be a range of choices and that different products will provide different sets of capabilities and features to customers and that choice is a good thing. And so we’re both – our philosophy and Wal-Mart’s philosophy are quite aligned on this. To us it seems very natural to put in the end the consumer in the drive seat so that they can make a choice.
Jeff Campbell: So, let me take those one at a time. And, Mark, your question makes – I think, perhaps, we weren’t as clear as we should have been. So when you think about the $133 million restructuring charge that we took, that amount will appear in the salaries and benefits line predominantly. There’s a very small piece that relates to some facilities but most of that charge is for a number of cases around the globe where we will be making changes to our operation and it is for severance for several thousand people as we make those changes and get the right people with the right skill sets and the right places to provide great service for our customers. So that’s what drove the salaries and benefits line up this quarter. And that’s where as you go out over the course of the next four quarters and we execute on these plans, you will see the savings or benefits, if you will, of those restructuring, in the salaries and benefit line. So hopefully, that clarifies that point. In terms of operating expense, you did see a particular low point in last year’s second quarter, and so that’s the only point I was making when I noted that I think in the first quarter our operating expenses were actually down a little bit year-over-year whereas this quarter they were up 4%. We are very committed and I think have demonstrated a really good track record of controlling operating expenses. So there is no particular plan in place to sequentially begin to grow operating expenses again as we go in to the back half of the year. We remain very committed to hitting that less than 3% target for the full year.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think – I certainly don’t want to comment on specifics of partnership discussions we may be involved in. But I think the more important point is that when you look at the growth that we have consistently shown in GNS, that growth is not necessarily drive by the steady addition of new partners. It’s driven by the fact that we have a lot of great existing partners who, in fact, operate in some of the higher growth markets around the globe and/or operate in certain markets like China where our presence is still in – I would call it, it’s earlier stages in therefore much higher growth. And so, the sustainability of that higher growth level, well, one element that help support it is signing new partners; far more important really is the performance of the partners we have around the globe and we feel very good about that performance and about the continue opportunities for growth.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me take those maybe in reverse order. So Wells Fargo, we’re certainly very pleased with our broader relationship with Wells Fargo and it’s a growing relationship. But it’s very early days in terms of the GNS launch. What I would say is we certainly are pleased though to see some of the comments that John Stumpf made just a few weeks ago about the partnership and, gosh, rather than me commenting on it, I love the fact that John came out and said they’re very pleased and see the partnership with us as being off to a very, very good start. So I supposed he’s a better judge in some ways that we are. And so we’re thrilled to see that. On the Community Reinvestment Act, as with many accounting issues, we are constantly ensuring that we have the best methodologies for estimation and this is one where we have a revised approach to how we estimate what we should be booking and that’s what we switched to this quarter and it did drive an incremental expense amount that you see called out in the release as we made today.Ken Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for your comments.
Jeff Campbell: So a couple of comments and I’ll take those one at a time. First, on the net interest yield, you are actually correct Sanjay in one of your comments which is there is some seasonality. And if you go back and look at the slides we have, you actually see that year-over-year the net interest yield is up a little bit. And that, of course, is predominantly driven by the continued steady averaging down of our interest expense rates give the rate environment. And so, there is no – in terms of the sequential trend, I wouldn’t focus on that. I’d stay more focused on the year-over-year trends. On the discount rate, as I said in my remarks, we had a number of timing items that actually impacted both the first quarter making the first quarter essentially flat year-over-year and in essence some things that would have caused it to go down a little bit in the first quarter, slipped into the second quarter and you saw a 4 basis point decline. More broadly, we said for a number of years that you should expect to see discount rate decline 2 to 3 basis points a year, and that’s because of our continued focus on driving more EveryDay spend. It’s a function of location. It’s a function of our merchants growing and hitting volume-based triggers steadily over time. It’s a function of a very competitive environment and it’s a function of evolving mix. So all of those things, those are the long terms trends that have been in place for many, many years and you can look at the trend over the last five, six years and see how we’ve done historically based of all of those trends and managing the discount rate. So when you look at the year to date numbers, we’re pretty much in line with the trend. You just have to take that noise out of having the first quarter look unusually good year-over-year and the second quarter look unusually bad. That’s first. And the second comment, I think your third question was how we think about the $0.05 of EPS, is that –
Jeff Campbell: Well, of course, we never provide guidance. We’re very public about our long-term targets being out there at 12% to 15%. And our goal, Sanjay, is to drive our earnings in the second half as much as we can. What I would say is that you heard me mention in my earlier remarks that there are some transaction-related costs that are going to lag into the third and fourth quarter. And so, as we think about the full year, the incremental cost that are going to lag into the back half of the year are going to offset some portion still to be determined precisely of that $0.05. So yeah, I guess, as we think about the full year, we are likely to think about the $1.43 because the full year impact of all the elements of the JV are likely to be more of a watch.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, yes. Right. So when you think about the kind of things we’re investing in as you get into as I said earlier quarters two through six is when you should really see the card-related spend on EveryDay and the acquisition efforts begin to have a material impact. Now, of course, our bottom line goal here is to drive earnings for the company, not necessarily to a dollar-for-dollar replace the revenue –
Jeff Campbell: Yes, so it’s probably worth clarifying, Moshe, exactly what’s in what number. So the discount rate that we provide is a calculated discount rate meant to represent what we get for economics from merchants where we are acquirer. And so that calculation which we do and then report out on every quarter is the one that went down 4 basis points this quarter. There are other people who do a very simple calculation. They look at our GAAP financial statement and they divide discount revenue into billings and that gives you a discount rate that is significantly lower. And neither of those things is reflective of the economics we’re getting at the merchants which is why we pull them out of our calculated number. But it is why you see growth in the different between our calculated discount rate that we report and the simple calculation that you get when you divide up the GAAP income statement discount revenue into billings. All that said, you are correct that cash back products have been very strong products for us, and that’s a very good thing. It does drive up cash back rewards cost at a little higher rate than revenue growth. And since account [ph] to revenue it has the effect I just described. So hopefully that clarifies for you the way these pieces fit together.
Jeff Campbell: No, it’s not – I didn’t mean to say that. I don’t – so what’s not included in our calculated discount rate to come back to it is the economics we have with GNS partners which we pull out, and the cash back rewards cost and the client incentives. There’s a few other very, very small things but those are the large timings [ph]. With merchant signing, an example would be that we’re constantly every day out there competing for the business of our merchants. And as we’ve – particularly with some of the larger merchants and in any B2B negotiations sometimes you might have a contract that expires in one quarter but you don’t get around to actually finishing the renegotiation until the next quarter. You’ll make the contract retroactive to the prior quarter when the prior contract expired. That would be an example of where you’re going to get a timing impact as you look at the discount rate quarter to quarter that’s not reflective of the ongoing rate.
Jeff Campbell: Oh, boy, those are great questions, Bob. Let me take it in two parts. If you think about over the medium to long term how we manage the company, we’re trying to balance lots of different things. We’re trying to balance achieving these steady, consistent financial performance that I think all of our shareholders have come to expect from us with a reality of the competitive world we live in that makes it challenging to get to our near-term financial targets with the need to investment for the medium and long term and make sure we’re positioning this company to be a successful five years from as it will be next quarter. So as we try to balance all of those things, you are correct that one of the things we are trying to maximize is making sure we achieve that steady financial performance. And that does force us to prioritize how we make investment choices and when we make those investments. And it does cost us at times to defer going down the path on certain growth initiatives to a future date because we think that’s the right balance between that steady financial performance, short-term investments and longer-term investments. That’s the longer-term view. If you think about this quarter, I guess what I would point out is in many ways you had a confluence here of the reality that we have been on in a reengineering journey for several years and it was very logical for us to take the moves that drove the restructuring charge this quarter. We’ll actually enact those over the course of the next year but we think it just made sense to pair it up with the gain. Similarly, it just was a nice coincidence that we launched the EveryDay Card at the end of March and early April, so it coincided very nicely to do a big blitz of spend on Everyday, right, at the time of the second quarter. Again, somewhat similarly we just re-launched Serve late last year and felt this was a good time to do the first ever really media blitz. Lastly, I just remind you the business travel transaction is one we have been working on for a very long time. We knew well in advance the timing of when it was likely to happen. And that really allowed us to be thoughtful and planful in all of our marketing and operational plans this year to take advantage of the timing. So we don’t we suboptimized how we used that gain. We actually think that it allows us to – in a very planful way do a lot of things that we have had on our plate for awhile and will pay off for our shareholders in the coming quarters.
Jeff Campbell: Boy, to be very clear, we created this joint venture because we are excited about the prospects for it to grow and to use the capital that is now in the business and that focus that is now on the business to create better products, to grow faster, to create better technology, to improve customer service. And, of course, we will continue to work very closely from a business perspective with the joint venture to serve our mutual customers in a coordinated and combined way. I would remind you it will be called American Express Travel still, so we’re all in and very excited about the fact that we think this is not just a good transaction in the short term for our shareholders but is actually a transaction that will lead to a much stronger travel company in the coming years and we will benefit in many ways from that
Jeff Campbell: No, I think the reality of how we do our accrual accounting is we have put in to our second quarter P&L what we ran during the second quarter P&L and going forward you will see running through our P&L whatever we run going forward.
Jeff Campbell: So we think we were able to get a really strong start for the EveryDay Card and give a strong boost to Serve; and our job going forward will be to build upon that.
Jeff Campbell: So if you take – and we’re using 2013 as a baseline to help you with modeling about 11% of operating expenses and about 80% of the travel commissions and fees line.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me thank you all then for joining tonight’s call and participating in the Q&A. I think, to close the call, I believe, while there’s some complexity in our results, I think the questions demonstrated that from the joint venture transaction. We feel good about the underlying performance of the company and with that I will wish you all a good evening.
