Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, good question, and we chose not to add the first half of October this time because the trends all continue . So, what that means is, you do continue to see modest, but steady improvement in the U.S. and you do continue to see a little bit more caution in Europe and markets like Australia and Japan. So, I think if you look at those July, August, September trends, it gives you a pretty good sense of what we're seeing right up through today.
Jeffrey Campbell: And Steve, I might just also point back to your earlier comments about our attrition rates being down versus pre pandemic. The foundation of our business are very long term customer relationships. And when you look at our best customers, the attrition rates are remarkably low. Customers stay with us for a very long time. And so that's what we build the company on Bill, and that's what we're focused on maintaining through the pandemic.
Jeffrey Campbell: So that's actually a really good question, Rick and since you flipped to page 20, I'll encourage everyone to flip, because the really interesting thing is that if you go back to April, so the peak moment really in hindsight of uncertainty. In April, there were a disproportionate number of our SME customers who signed up for our very short-term to one month as you recall, Customer Pandemic Relief Program. The really interesting thing though, as the months have gone by, is when you go to today into the numbers on the far right of page 20 in fact, the SME customers are no longer a disproportionate share. And so it appears to us that the small and midsized enterprise customers, I think, prudently said well heck, not sure what the future holds. If there's programs out there, I'm going to sign up for it back in April. But most of them have pulled out of it have not signed up in disproportionate numbers for the FRP programs and so we feel good about small business. And in fact, I think it's probably worth reminding everyone that our small business card members are predominantly people like contractors and architects and lawyers, who for the most part are thriving in the current environment and only a very small percentage of our small business card members are in some of the hardest hit sectors like restaurants or online retail or excuse me offline retail.
Jeffrey Campbell: You know Jamie, if you think about the fact that because as Steve talked about earlier, we have had to pull out of the GNS business in Europe and Australia, what's left is not necessarily a group of business that is representative of what's happening around the globe. And in fact, a handful of company -- countries account for a large percentage of the volume and those countries happen to be places like South Korea and Japan and Brazil and Israel. So particularly with South Korea is the largest single country and if you think about how they have done with their particular approach to the control of the virus and the economy, it kind of made sense that it would be a little bit stronger. But it's not really, those numbers aren't reflective of kind of an average across the whole rest of the world is what I would say.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, all good questions, Mark. So a couple things. I mean, clearly, we do need to wait until the Fed allows share repurchases again, but as I say that I'd remind everyone that for us the Fed requirements on capital are well below our 10% to 11% target. So they're not really a constraint on being at that level. They're only a constraint because right now, they've just blanketly said to everyone, you can't do share repurchase. So once they give the green light. The other thing is we do want to make sure we have visibility into the future direction of the economy. As we sit here today we've talked a couple times, both Steve and I, about the fact that while our baseline as things continue to get a little bit better, we have to be ready for the fact that they may not, we'll have to see. So we need a little bit of economic clarity and then we'll go and we'll start working towards our 10% to 11% target. I wouldn't expect Mark, to see to have us do an accelerated share repurchase and get there in one quarter. But you'll see us go back to the kind of pace we were doing before, which will get us there over the course of a relatively small number of quarters.
Stephen Squeri: Well, let me just answer the second question first and I'll come back to the first one. But yes, look, I think in Europe and in Australia, the way sort of regulations work, our economic model doesn't really work in a GNS environment. And so to remind people, we do have a premium discount rate within Europe and within Australia. And within Europe if in fact, we had gone to a four party model, which we had a four party model and we had a three party model, it would have regulated our interchange, and therefore reduced our margin significantly. So we're effectively out of GNS as it relates to Europe and as it relates to Australia. But if you look at our business, the two fastest growing pieces of our business pre-pandemic, was our international SME business and our international consumer business. And, what the advantage that we do have is, we are able to really target card members who are looking for tremendous value within the products. And so you see, a preponderance of fee based products in international with a lot of value from a card member and driving significant spends into those markets. So we continue to invest in Europe in card acquisition, but more importantly, right now we're investing in merchant coverage. And what we've done is we've looked at sort of our international markets and we've talked about strategic markets and sort of the top markets that we invest in, but we also look at the cities where our card members live and where they travel to. Now obviously, card members are traveling anywhere right now, but we do look at the top cities across the world and we have focused our coverage efforts in really, to get a lot more targeted coverage and we've had lots of success and we will continue to do that. So and we're using the same kinds of tools that we did in the United States, whether it's while we can't use an OptBlue program in Europe per se, we're using our one point, aces [ph] telemarketing and so forth, and we see significant coverage increases in those markets in international. So we are still committed. We are still investing and once we get through this pandemic they will continue to be some of the fastest growing pieces of our business. As far as the U.S. and let's just talk about the discount rate for a second, we saw actually a sequential increase in the discount rate this quarter, obviously a decrease year-over-year, and that is really due to mix. And so, when you look at mix, with T&E being 69% down year-over-year, and those industries having the higher MDR, that's what's really driving it. Maintaining virtual parity coverage, we are there. Any discount rate erosion that was either contemplated or done has been done as it relates to OptBlue and virtual parity coverage, so we're beyond that. I think what you're seeing now in the discount rate erosion is really due to mix of business. And what our expectations are is when we get back to a normal environment, whenever that may be, you will see a normal mix, because we believe and look, I don't know about you, but I'm going a little bit crazy just sort of staying in my house and not traveling and not being on a road seeing customers and partners and colleagues or taking vacations with my family. And so, there is a pent up demand certainly for consumer travel and you're seeing a little bit more of that very, very small right now, but there is going to be a big pent up demand and we'll be there and ready to serve that demand when it comes to fruition.
Stephen Squeri: Well I think the dynamics is very simple. It has traditionally and over time, and will always be a lot cheaper to retain a customer than it is to acquire a new customer. And so it is an investment that we are making and we'll continue to make. I mean, just think about what it takes to sort of mine to go get new customers and then to bring them along from a spending perspective. We have sort of work with our customers here to target their spending and what we're seeing is, obviously some of our customers are spending in areas now they hadn't spent before. And if you look at sort of some of the things that we've done with streaming credits and even with wireless credits, and even shipping credits, we have actually engaged our card members to spend in areas that they hadn't spent in before. And it's always amazing to me, that the dynamic of how people compartmentalize their spending. And you would just think that, everybody who is, using the product would use it consistently across these things. But some of these programs that we've had to retain customers have actually helped to open up new categories and so where they're spending with us. And so what happens here is, as we open up those new categories, that will continue and be consistent over time as they then get back to their travel spending. So I think some of the investment and some of the spending that we're seeing now is going to benefit us going forward. So bottom-line, much, much cheaper, and I can't give you the exact numbers, the ROI’s and so forth, but much cheaper to retain an existing customer than it is to mine for a new one.
Stephen Squeri: Yes, well look, I think that, you call out a number of the partnerships that we have, whether it's with Coupa, whether it's with SAP, whether it's with a Ariba. Obviously, the acompay our own product, that's only a component of it. I would argue that a lot of the B2B is built into the SME piece of it right now, because look, 80% of our SME volume is non-T&E. And, if you are a small business, if you're a lawyer or you are a contractor, you're buying your supplies to run your company that way. So, I think what you're really talking about Bob is the automation piece of that, right? And, and even if you look at our corporate card business, our corporate card business, obviously there's nobody, I mean, hardly anybody that is sort of traveling at this point. And, the T&E component of our corporate card business is really, really down. And the reality is, is that component of our business is only 6% of our overall business. And yet our corporate card business is not down nearly as much as the corporate card T&E piece, because of some of the inroads we've made with B2B from a corporate perspective. And so, I think what we probably need to do is figure out how to frame this a little bit better. But the reality is, is that so much of our SME and corporate spending is actually B2B today. What we're really talking about is how do you automate it and that's what we're working on and I think over time that will become bigger. But I would argue a lot of that spending is a large percentage of our growth right now in SME, and I think when you get into large corporate, there is a big opportunity to do that. And that's, when you look at the partnership with bill.com, obviously that is not targeted at a large corporation. That is targeted at an SME and our acompay is the same thing. So, more to come on that, but I think it is a growing piece. And what you're seeing with the doubling of acompay automation is the actual automation versus the normal card usage that you would normally see.
Stephen Squeri: Well, I mean, if you look, we've got we've got lots of partners, right? I mean, I had a conversation with Dan Schulman, he didn't have a lot of worries then and they're doing great and we're doing great partnership with them between, pay with points and being embedded within the PayPal ecosystem and that's a great partnership for us. And when I talked to Ed Bastian, I think Delta is doing a great job navigating the crisis, but they're at the mercy of how people feel. And but when you look at our cards with Delta, that spending is at or better than the spending that we have all our other products. And the same thing, when, if I talked to Chris [ph] Mascetta [ph] in [indiscernible] that at Marriott [indiscernible] at Hilton, perspective is, it's a slow recovery here. And when you think about sort of the hotel industry, conventions is a big part of it and that's not going to probably come back anytime soon. But they're starting to see an uptick in more localized days, where people can drive to a hotel and not travel, and even Delta is starting to see a little bit of a pickup as well. But I think, consistent with what I've said, I think you're looking to see a tick up in consumer behavior from a travel perspective, sort of towards the end of the year first quarter next year, but I think we're all consistent in terms of how we feel about business travel, which is probably not going to be until late 2021 or early 2022. But what I would say is that, whether it's Hilton, BA, Marriott or Delta, we are really pleased with the partnerships that we have from a co-brand perspective, and those cards in the markets they're in are performing at or better than our overall portfolio. And it's because as I've said many times, people are invested in their products for the longer term, they're invested in their miles, they are invested in their experiences. And when you put great brands like that together and create great experiences, people will hold on, and that's what's happening and this will pass. When it's going to pass? I can't tell you, but it will pass and as a society, as a world, we will figure out how to navigate this over time.
Stephen Squeri: Well, the answer to the first one is easy and quick. I do expect that the steady improvement we're seeing in T&E will more than offset any of the normal seasonality. The discount rate, I would remind you that even though T&E is down a lot more than non-T&E, if you actually look at the rate of improvement from the second quarter to the third quarter Craig, T&E is improving faster, because it fell so much and so we expect that in general to continue. And then the professional fees, remember, we're constantly moving back and forth between particularly on the technology side, work we do in house versus work we do through a variety of different firms we work with around the globe. So you really need to focus overall on OpEx, which we feel good about being down a couple hundred million again this quarter versus the prior year and of course, being down much more than that versus our original plan.
Stephen Squeri: Well, look I think, just to the first piece of this, as I said in my remarks, I mean, there's just so much uncertainty on everything that you just mentioned, which is why I think it's so important to keep that flexibility. I mean, everything that you said, could come to pass. Whether it does or not, I do not know and that's why we need to keep flexibility. And that's why also we did our investment in sort of Small Business when we did it. We will still do our Small Business Saturday on a global basis. We're committed to doing that and we will continue to invest in those brand building activities. But I think Sanjay look, I mean, I think when you look at the Northeast, you don't know what's going to happen in terms of restaurants, you don't know if you're going to be at 25%, you're going to be at complete closure, it's going to be pretty hard to eat outside in the snow and things like that. But then if you go to Florida, you have 100% openings right now. So you have inconsistency across the United States, you have inconsistency across the globe. And so we're going to have to just continue to watch that and we're also going to continue to make sure that we are taking into account from an investment perspective, how the two of those things meet up. But what I would also tell you is, look we've got salespeople out right now doing face-to-face calls. Obviously, social distancing, masks, and so forth and the reality is they want to get out and people want to see them. So you've got a very different environment, depending upon where you are, in the United States. As far as sort of top line growth for new cards acquired, I think it's going to be hard to see the top line growth, because you've got this compression that's happened due to this travel. So, we'll be looking at, obviously, we're adding on more card members, they're adding on spend. But even as they add on spend, it's -- you're not going to be at a seat because they're not going to have the travel component within early on. And so I think, we'll look at it, but as far as from the outside perspective, you're still going to have this pushed down on revenue year-over-year up until the first quarter of sort of next year probably just because of what has happened to the economy. And so I think it's more second, third and fourth quarter of next year, where additional card members that we add, you'll have a grow over 2020. But when I think about this, and the team thinks about this, we anchor everything off 2019. I mean, we want to get back to that normal state and to get to that grow over from 2019. So, that to us is truly a return to normal.
