Steve Squeri: Well, I think Jeff really hit it. I mean, what he basically said was, and this is where we what we’re focused on is we can only run the business and forecast the business on what we’re seeing. And what we’re seeing is we’re still seeing high consumer growth. We’re seeing high consumer growth in international. We talked about some moderation in small business. Corporate spending still has not come back. Jeff talked about T&E. But I think when you think about the model, I think what – you have to get an appreciation for is we’re a small segment of the overall U.S. population, and it’s a premium customer base. And that premium customer base, while not immune to economic downturn, certainly, right now is spending on through. And so the other thing that we’ve been doing is we’re constantly tightening up the card members that we’re acquiring. I mean, look, the card member base we have today is from a credit perspective, better than the card member base that we had pre-pandemic. And card members we’re acquiring today are reaching a higher hurdle rate than ones we acquired just a year ago. And because of the value, there is still a good pool of customers that are out there. As far as overall white-collar unemployment, what I would say is, yes, you’ve seen some headlines of individual companies that are going through layoffs. But the one thing that I would say is I think it’s really important to look at where these companies were pre-pandemic. And they are probably still at employment levels that are much higher than what they were pre-pandemic. And so there is a rightsizing a little bit. But even with that rightsizing, we still have unemployment rates under 4%. And so look, we look at unemployment. But it has not, at this particular point in time, had any impact on our on our card member base. I mean, again, keeping our write-offs at 0.8 and 0.6 is sort of not sustainable and were 1.1, as Jeff said, it shows on the slides. And that will tick up a little bit over time. But that’s just normal for the business. So I think what you have to really – you have to look at is this is a premium card member base that appreciates premium products and is spending. And it is a – it is a small piece of the overall U.S. economy. And we’ve talked about the economy being bifurcated and it’s probably no better example of what we have here. The other thing that I would say, when you think about revenue growth, unlike our competitors, we have a 3-legged revenue stool here, right? You’ve got – you’ve got fees that we get for merchants, you have card fees. No card fees were 25% growth in the fourth quarter. And while that’s a high number, we certainly expect double-digit card fee growth to continue. And then you have, obviously, which is a smaller portion of our business. We have obviously interest revenue as well. So when we look at the card members we’re acquiring, we’re really looking at acquiring revenue across those three components. And the other thing I’d point you to is 70% of the cards that we acquire are paying fees. So that’s how we come up with 15% to 17%
Steve Squeri: Well, there is a lot there, but let me try and talk about marketing, and Jeff can pick up on other components. But – so look, the $5.5 billion of marketing spend was all-time record high. And the 12.5 million cards that we acquired. The fact that you saw a 300,000 card decrease sort of sequentially quarter-over-quarter is not something that we’re concerned about at all. And some of the comped timing of when you do your acquisition and so forth. And so – but the key point here is that we’re all looking at marketing efficiencies. And we continuously raise the bar on who we are bringing into the franchise. So we’re not – I wouldn’t say we’re at a bubble in terms of card acquisition. We don’t project card acquisition. We provide the card acquisition numbers, but for us, and probably we need to do a better job going forward from a metrics perspective, but we really look at revenue. I mean we look at the cards that we acquire in terms of how much revenue we can acquire. It’s the same thing with billings. I mean, not all billings are created equal. I mean there is billings that you have that don’t have a lot of value to it within the industry, we look at profitable billings, we look at card fees and we look at that, as Jeff said, interest income. So I wouldn’t take away from this that we were at an inflection point or a bubble or anything like that. I think the $5.5 billion is a tremendous amount of money to go out there and acquire with, and we’re pushing the organization to even be more efficient and more effective with that money. So we are looking at the same kind of acquisition levels that we’ve had in the past with higher underwriting standards as well. As far as operating expenses go, and as you start to think about that, we had a big step-up in operating expenses as we had tremendous growth. And having had a lot of experience running the components of this organization from both a technology perspective and an operating perspective, travel and what have you, as you see those volume increases, you need to manage and to get to that next level of scale. And we believe that we have gotten to that next level of scale, and we will get back to normal operating expense growth. And the other part of it just like everybody else look rates increased there was some inflationary pressure within there, but make no mistake about it, there was – we had to get to another scale. When you have 25% revenue growth, we have 25% billings growth. When you have travel bookings that at all-time highs and continuing to increase quarter-over-quarter, you have to put in place not only the digital capabilities, but the people to make sure that you can handle all that. So from an expense perspective, the reason we’re able to say that we think marketing will be where it is and operating expenses will not grow at the same level that they will because we believe we’ve gotten to that scale component that we now believe that we can grow revenues 15% to 17% get into a 10% growth mode 2020 – plus 10% plus growth mode 2024 and beyond with that scale until the point in time. And I don’t know when that is where we have to have another scale jump. But what you saw from a growth perspective, last year was all about the scale. So Jeff, do you want to talk about credit or anything else or...
Steve Squeri: So that’s how I would think about that in terms of going below sort of the components of revenue and how expenses relate to that revenue.
Steve Squeri: Yes. And the other thing that I would say is and I said this in my remarks, this virtuous cycle that we talk about, the more card members we bring in, the more merchant and partner offers that we can get. And so the engagement – the increased engagement from existing cardholders is a really important driver of growth. So that – the membership model is we just don’t bring our card members in and sort of watch them hope they grow. We bring our card members in and we want to work with them to grow. We do that from a small business perspective with our account development teams, making sure that they are taking advantage of all the benefits of the card, making sure that they are spending in categories that they can spend in, maximizing rewards and so forth. And we do that with our card base from an offer perspective through Amex offers through other direct offers from partners embedded offers within the model. And so a lot of our engagement not only from a customer service perspective is to making sure that our card members are taking advantage of all the aspects of the card that are out there. And so we really look to grow same-store sales, right. I mean so from existing card members, we are constantly looking to grow that share of their wallet. And again, that gets easier as the cycle gets bigger because more and more merchants want to reach more and more of our card members.
Steve Squeri: No. And I think just go back to the pandemic. So, look, we pulled back on acquiring card members because I don’t think anybody had any line of sight. I mean that the pandemic was worse than the financial crisis from a credit underwriting perspective. You never say never, but that’s sort of like the 100-year flood, right. And so my perspective is we will still acquire in that kind of scenario. And remember, everything we acquired today, we acquired through the cycle, but what we would do is move the credit criteria even further up. But what we would do again is we would engage with our card members. I think one of the most successful things that we did during the pandemic was retaining card hold, retaining those cardholders, whether it was through financial relief programs that got them through the hump for a couple of months or six months, whatever it was, or engaging them to spend in other areas and to stick with us. So, the reality is, is that if we were running this business quarter-to-quarter, which we don’t, you would pull back. But the reality is, as Jeff said, after every recession there is a recovery. And the last thing you want to do is retrench in such a way that you are not going to be able to take advantage of the recovery. And that retrenchment, looks – it looks like layoffs that don’t make sense and pulling back on marketing and trying to hit an EPS number for a quarter or for a year that is irrelevant. What’s relevant is for a 172-year-old company to continue to grow over the medium and long-term. And the way you do that is you invest judiciously and you invest smartly. And in times when things are bad, you invest in your infrastructure, you invest in your people because you are going to need great people through when a recession is over, and your infrastructure is going to need to do that. And where companies make mistakes is let go of great people, and also do not invest in those things, they are going to need six months to nine months from now when the recession is over. So, yes, we may have a moment in time, as Jeff said, it could be six months, it could be 6 years, but there will be a time when we don’t make that. And – but there will be a time where we exceed that. And that’s why we say our long-term aspiration is for 10%-plus growth in revenue, and we feel we are on a way to that.
Steve Squeri: Yes. And we tend to get a higher share of their wallet, but they have lower – they do have lower spending. And the great part about millennials and Gen Zs is that they are – and depending on where you are in millennial. I mean some millennials are 40 now. So, I mean, they are in a different thing. But the reality is the lifetime value of these cardholders is going to be significantly more than the lifetime value of acquiring a boomer or acquiring a Gen Xer right now. And that is – that’s very attractive as well. And if you look, again, Rick, on Page 5, you will see that, look, it’s 30% of the business growth. On the other hand, the boomer growth is only 6%. And some of those have been leery to go back travel still. So, we would also expect that to go up.
Steve Squeri: I mean I think you just reminded us. The reality is, it’s a couple of things, right. Number one, we constantly go through and look at contingent liability that’s not being utilized. And so if we have somebody that has X for Align and they are only using 25% of X, we may not keep X there that long. We don’t want to be a lender of last resort, right. That’s number one. Number two, we also are – for new card members, we are raising those cycles, but raising the limit, the hurdle rate that we acquire card members. But we underwrite every transaction. We make a credit decision not based on the line because most of our card members do not have a line. I mean obviously, traditional lending cards have line. But other than that, we are underwriting every single transaction. So, we are not letting somebody just run it up because they have run it up in the past. And we are not letting somebody run up to a limit and have that write-off. One of the advantages of our model, and I am not going to get into all the variables underneath for a couple of reasons. Number one, we don’t have time. And number two, it’s very complicated. And number three, I probably don’t fully all understand the whole thing either. But it’s – an advantage of this model is that every single transaction is adjudicated on its own merits. It’s not adjudicated based on an open to buy. And that is very important. It also – but that’s from a credit perspective, that’s a really reassuring thing. But from a spending perspective, it also enables why you read some of these stories of, hey, I just bought a painting for $75 million. There is nobody that has a $75 million line, right. Now, those are very difficult underwriting decisions and not for the faint of heart, but it does show that we make those same kind of decisions on a $200 purchase, on a $400 purchase. Every single transaction that comes through this system is adjudicated on its own merits, not on sort of some open to buy, and that gives us great comfort in terms of not having somebody just run something up and then have something written off.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So, let me hit a couple of these topics and hopefully, I remember the mall that you went through. But look, I think international, we have seen which is really good and just look at the slides, you have seen really good growth from not only a consumer perspective, which is over 20%, but international SME and large corporations are growing at 32%. So – and remember, pre-pandemic, those are the fastest-growing parts of our business. So, we expect that to continue to grow, which obviously Japan is part of it and one of our top markets. From an acceptance perspective, we continue to grow acceptance internationally. We are really happy with the coverage gains that we have had, and we will continue to focus on that. We have talked about focusing on priority cities. We focused on all the categories, e-commerce, restaurants and lodging and tourist attractions, airlines, hotel and so forth to get those up. But again, with that we are getting 23% and 32% billings growth and our coverage is not where we want it to be yet, and we will continue to invest in that coverage. Look, as far as B2B goes, B2B continues to be a good story for us, but it’s just a small part – it’s a smaller part of the business. And we continue to invest in capabilities and we will continue to focus on B2B, but that will add not only to commercial spending, but that will also add to small business spending as well. And remember, 80% of the small business spending that we have is in the category of B2B spending. And so we will continue to hunt for that and try and automate more and more of those billings, and it makes it easy to get on the card.
Steve Squeri: Well, I mean I don’t – we continually look to raise the bar. And I think that there is a lot of great competitors out there. We have got JPMorgan and Bank of America and Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank and Capital One. And everybody is – they are all strong. And they – I mean they all had pretty strong results from a growth perspective. But as I said in my remarks, the more value we continue to add, the more we get our flywheel working, the harder it is to catch up. And we are not resting on our laurels. And that’s why we continue to invest. We continue to invest in value propositions. We continue to invest in capabilities. We continue to invest in service. And so are we increasing the distance between us and our competitors, I don’t know how you measure that, but I think we – our goal is to constantly make it hard for them to catch up. And our goal is to make sure that we are trying to be one step, two steps or three steps ahead of them. And it’s flattering, actually that they are coming after the segments that we are in. And – but competition is there, and it is fierce. And for us, competition is just not U.S. consumer. It’s a small business. It’s corporate. It’s in international. And so we are fighting a lot of battles here in terms of defending our territory, but I think the team is doing a really, really good job. But we are never going to rest. And if in fact they stopped, we still keep going. So, it is really important. I think it’s one of the things that we decided a number of years ago that we would constantly refresh our products on a very regular basis and add value on an interim basis, which you have seen with our Platinum Card and our other products. And I think that’s really helped us out quite a bit.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So, Lisa, I think it’s – look, pre-pandemic, we are pretty close to 20% anyway from an international perspective. And look, it’s a smaller base than Visa, Mastercard. And it’s a really high premium customer segment. And it’s a segment that travels – it’s a card base that travels quite a bit. So, pre-pandemic, we were growing in that 20% range. And that growth was due to a real focus on value proposition and a focus on merchant acceptance. I think what you are seeing right now, which is 26% growth, which is slightly outsized growth is still a recovery from the pandemic, right. I mean if you think about it, this 26% growth quarter-over-quarter, you still had a lot of lockdowns. People were not traveling last year at this time in international and so. Look, we are – our goal is to – our hope is to continue to grow this business as it was pre-pandemic at around that 20% level. But from my perspective, there is really nothing unusual here. We are sticking to our strategy, enhancing the value, continuing to add merchant acceptance and continuing to invest in this segment – these two segments of small business and international consumer card, which were fast-growing pre-pandemic, so nothing really unusual. And it probably normalizes a little bit as the year goes because people were getting out there and traveling and we got into the second and third quarters.
Jeff Campbell: I think, Sanjay, the building blocks are pretty straightforward. And of course, as Steve just pointed out in our model, you always have to start expecting, right? That’s what drives our model, that lending. And I think probably the important words that I would pick out of some of the things Steve and I have just said, for most of our spending categories, if you think about what’s important in terms of dollars, we really have hit recovery point. And so as we look at the Q4 rate, I actually see those exit rates is approaching pretty stable levels for what we think given the tremendous success we’re having in bringing new customers into the franchise because as you know, Sanjay, that is a key aspect of what drives our growth. I actually see those rates being fairly stable going forward. So that’s what drives first really strong discount revenue growth. Our card fee growth, as Steve just mentioned, is super sustainable. I’d just remind everyone that is the front-line item that grew double digits right through all the ups and downs of the pandemic. And gosh, our latest figures that Steve just gave you, 70% of our card members on fee-paying products this quarter, we have a long ways to go to keep growing net card fees. And then, look, it’s the third leg of the stool. It’s only 19%, 20% of our revenues, but net interest income matters. And we are still in a rebuilding mode of balance. Certainly, that process has now begun in earnest, and that’s why you saw our loans grow a little faster than volumes this quarter. So I don’t expect to see quite as high a rate next year as you saw in Q4. But it’s still above in 2023, I would say the stable level and still above where we were pre pandemic because of that rebuilding process. So you put all that together with the comments that you’ve now heard both Steve and I make, which is, look, we got to run the business based on what we see with our customers who are premium consumers, select segments of small businesses and the largest companies in the world, and that’s where you get to the 15% to 17% revenue growth.
Jeff Campbell: Mark, one of the interesting things that I think surprises people is we have looked historically every way you could imagine, trying to find really direct correlations between GDP growth and for that matter between movements in the markets that affect people’s financial wealth. And the, I think, surprising things to many people is we can’t find any direct correlation between those two things. So when you look at our 15% to 17% guidance, it’s really – I go back to what Steve and I have both now said a couple of times, driven by – our best indicator is what we see with our customers around the globe and how they are behaving. And we certainly are aware of and thinking about various macroeconomic forecasts but you start with what behaviors are we actually seeing. And I’d also remind everyone that the U.S. remains by far our largest market. The U.S. economy shrank in the first two quarters of 2022, and we just posted revenue growth for the full year, 25%. So when I think about the 15% to 17% range, it’s really not a 15% is a weaker economy, 17%. Frankly, it’s – I wish we were more precise about forecasting, but it’s just a little bit of forecast error, I would say, based on the trends we’ve seen and the macroeconomic consensus, which is absolutely. The economy is supposed to slow when you look at that consensus, and that’s factored in here as well.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so what I’d say is that when you look at lending, I’m going to go back to that 70% number. And I do think it’s an important one to think about the implications. I think occasionally people look at our loan growth and say, is that all the new customers you’re acquiring and what do you know about them? And so we actually draw a lot of comfort from the fact that you have 70% of that loan growth coming from just our existing customers that we know well, we have history with really just rebuilding more towards historical levels. If you think about spending, in our model, we talk a lot about the fact that we have, I think, by the standards of most industries, remarkably high retention rates in the high 90% range. And that’s a real key strength of our model. Once we get someone into the franchise, they intend to stay. That group, depending on the economy is growing organically a little bit. When you think about adding our new customers that is a key engine at any point in time of adding another normal environment. And it varies over time, but I might anchor around an 8% to 10% kind of number. So it’s a mixture of super low retention what we are doing to spur more spending by our existing customers and that steady flow of new customers. And so one of the things again, that Steve and I have both just talked about, because I think people seem a little surprised to you by the 15% to 17% is a key driver, why we are comfortable with that is our tremendous success over the last year, and in the first weeks of 2023 and bringing great new customers into the franchise.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think Brian, I would start with two comments. First, when you think about our long-term aspirations, we don’t actually worry about recessions at all because the reality is, at some point, and I don’t know if it’s six months from now or 6 years, there will be a recession. And after that recession, there will be a recovery. And it doesn’t change our view of we should be able to steadily grow this company in excess of 10%. Now, when there is a recession where you see a very significant shrinkage in GDP. So, not like the first half of last year where maybe the U.S. GDP went down 0.5 point or something. But where you suddenly see a quarter or two quarters where you have a pandemic like or great financial crisis like large percentage declines in GDP and you see huge spikes in unemployment. If you go back to one of the appendix slides, you will see that our CECL credit reserve accounting assumes a baseline and also builds in a downside scenario. In that downside scenario, you have 8% unemployment by the third quarter of 2023. Well, if there is 8% unemployment by the third quarter of 2023, we are going to have a few quarters where we are probably below our longer term aspirations. But is that kind of large shock that’s going to knock us off for a few quarters, but I really want to keep coming back to and I suspect, Steve, you might reinforce this, but it doesn’t change our long-term aspirations or how we are going to run the company.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the short answer, Rick, is no. When you think about the behavior of the millennials and Gen Zs, there are a few distinguishing features, and we have talked about these. They tend to be more digitally and engaged. They tend to be more engaged with the overall value proposition, which we actually see as a good thing. Because of that, they often will engage more quickly when they get the new product. But I would also remind you of the other stat we have talked about this morning, which is 70% of our growth in loans right now is coming from existing customer facilities. We add a lot of these millennials there. That segment is still not adding as much to the loan growth because of the rebuild imbalances by your existing customers. So, while the behaviors of the younger card members are on average, similar to the older card members when you think about borrowing, just sort of the math here because you have got this rebuilding effect would say that they are not driving that bigger portion of our loan growth.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. The only thing I would add, I think that is a unique capability we have honed over many decades since we first started the charge card product. The other advantage of the charge card product, I would say, Dominick, is it does give us this population who is supposed to pay us in full every 30 days, which actually is almost like an early warning system from an overall risk management perspective of when there are problems that pop up in various parts of the world or various segments or various customer types. And we think that’s actually helpful to our overall results, and it’s the part of the many things that drives us historically and today to have by far, best-of-class credit metrics.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so, two comments. I think it’s a good call out, Moshe. The first comment is as you think about 2021, of course, the base year here, you saw things progressively pick up as you went through the year. So, that’s why each quarter our volumes on a year-over-year basis has slowed a little bit. But we also have pointed out that I think you are sort of through that recovery period now. So, I think what you see in Q4 in our view, is very typical of what you are going to get. Now, the one exception that we do think will accelerate is the net interest income piece, because you do have customers continuing to rebuild balances. So, net card fees probably moderates a little bit. Net interest income probably accelerates a little bit. But your discount revenue should be pretty consistent with what you would have seen in this quarter. And that’s really the model that leads you from Q4 to what we expect for 2023.
