Jeffrey Campbell: That's a good question, Ken. We of course have been on a steady journey here for a number of years to continually evolve our business, how we operate, how we interact with our card members and our merchants, take advantage of evolving technologies, make sure we have the right footprint. And this is really a continuation of that strategy. Now, some of these moves are complicated and it will really take us the course of calendar 2015 to execute on pretty much all of the things that are in the restructuring charge that you see us taking in Q4. So there will be some benefits in 2015. The full run rate benefits of all the actions we’re taking, however, you will see as we get into 2016. So I think as we look at the actions we’re taking, we’re seeing it as something that will be helpful to us in 2015 to continue the kind of strong discipline you’ve seen us have on operating expenses and frankly we’re also position to get some further help in 2016 incrementally as the initiatives take full effect.
Jeffrey Campbell: I think, Sanjay, it’s a good question. We’re a little cautious about setting a specific target because the way we run the business evolves over time and we don’t want to either set too high a target. Take advantage of all the opportunities we may have to become more efficient. And frankly, there are other times when there are things that we think can help drive long-term growth in the business that may run through various parts of our P&L and various parts of the expense structure that we think that are right things to do. We don’t want to preclude ourselves from spending. So I think the way we think about it is, as you go forward and you think to put your and Ken’s question together about the restructuring we’re just doing. We’re not setting renewal operating expense target publicly for now but you’re certainly not going to see us grow above 3% and you’ve seen us come in pretty flat the last two years, well below to 3% target we set. Certainly, that’s been an important part of our business model, providing the opportunity to spend on the growth opportunities we have and you’re going to see us, I think, very focused on continuing that discipline. I just want to be a little cautious about setting an exact operating efficiency ratio target.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, I appreciate the question. Clearly Costco is a very important and long-term partner of ours. Our U.S. relationship goes back to the 1990s. We think we've been great partners and create a lot of value for their members, our card members, and for both companies. Now, I would point out to you that I don't think we said anything about any ongoing discussions we're having with Costco. Obviously, with very important partners, we are always working every day to evolve the relationship to make it better and frankly to make sure it's working for both parties.  You can presume we're doing that with Costco as we're doing it with all of our partners at any time and if and when we have any news as we did with Delta, which we chose to renew early, we would certainly tell you. In terms of thinking about the economics of these things, you've certainly heard a number of us, both Ken and I and some of our colleagues talk about the competitive environment for co-brands in recent months and quarters and that's true.  I think you have to balance those comments with the fact that these are still one of many good economic growth opportunities we have as a Company. And while yes, the environment has become competitive and certainly there are cases where we conclude because we're pretty selective that we think we're better off not either getting into or proceeding with certain kinds of co-brand partnerships because we have so many other opportunities in our proprietary business, as a general matter these still are attractive and important parts of our overall business model and when we have great partners where our interests are really aligned and I'll go back to the recent renewals with Delta and Starwood, we think we can create great value together and for all parties involved.
Jeffrey Campbell: Couple things, Sheryl. For us, gas is a relatively modest portion of spend. It's probably 3% or so or a little under 3 of our spend. If you look at the quarter it was probably down around 10%. So there's some impact on our overall billings. It's fairly modest. I think given the size of that and the context of our Company, it's probably premature or early for us to try to say whether or not there is an offset as consumers and companies take the savings, they're getting and spend elsewhere. It would probably just be hard for us to say, given the magnitude of our overall network versus what the spend on gas is. On OptBlue, we've been really pleased since we rolled the plan out early last year with the great acceptance it's gotten in the merchant acquirer world. We've been very pleased with the progress those acquirers have then made in signing up new merchants. I would just remind people that as we laid out the plan early last year, this is a multiyear effort and we are proceeding really nicely and we are right on track to make very significant strides in merchant coverage over the next couple years. There's a process of you have to expand the coverage, then you have to create awareness with card members and that's why we've always talked about this as a multiyear effort. We're really pleased by all the early signs on, but it's not something that in the fourth quarter I would have expected to have a particularly material impact on the overall billings.
Jeffrey Campbell: So, Sameer, gosh, when you look at our credit metrics, actually are down year-over-year and what we are seeing in write-offs and delinquencies, there's really no sign of a tick upwards. I only of course joined the Company about a year and a half ago and I think I said on every single earnings call that I've done beginning in July of 2013 that well write off rates have to eventually go up but they have not. With the provision this quarter there's really as I said three things going on. Number one, remember we're growing loans at 7%. You also just have a seasonal phenomenon because the balances always go up in the December quarter, and we do just the way the rules work, we do set the reserves up for those balances and often the pattern would be that a little bit of that would roll off as you get into the beginning of next year. We also just had a few specific reserve items, which come and go. So it's not necessarily indicative of the future going forward. And we are relative to where we were, say, a year ago, two years ago, at a point where we're not further improving the metrics much. They're fairly flat, although they are have improved a little bit. So it's really those phenomenon that drove this quarter what was a sizable increase in provision at 22% increase in provision. But I think I'd be cautious about concluding from that that all else being equal, without other changes in the environment, that you should expect a big jump-up in provision next year. We'll have to see how the economy develops. We'll have to see how our metrics develop. But certainly we don't see in our metrics any sign of the weakening consumer credit environment and gosh, when you look at unemployment rates continuing to go down, I don't think that should surprise any of us.
Jeffrey Campbell: So as you - good question, Bill. I think I explained but probably not for quite some time. When you look at the evolving capital rules it used to be that the tier 1 capital minimums were actually below the Tier 1 common minimums. We moved into a world where the tier 1 capital minimums are about 150 basis points above your tier 1 common. So if you're going to try to run the company efficiently, and be governed by to your point in the severe scenario what are you going to trip, you got to find the most cost efficient way if you will to fill that 150 basis point difference between the tier 1 common and the tier 1 ratio. And the preferred is clearly for us and for many other banks. You've seen quite a surge of issuance of these kinds of securities. That's why we put it into our CCAR 2014 submission last year. It's why you will see us do another issuance in the first quarter or this quarter and that will bring us about to where we want to be to provide that 150 basis point buffer. Certainly, this is one component among several that we think makes our CCAR submission this year even stronger. We have built over the past 12 months capital even though we returned a very significant amount of capital to shareholders many we have issued this preferred. We continue to work on all of the qualitative processes which we think are getting better in providing more insights to us. So we feel really good about our submission. All that said, we're not the judge the Fed is and we'll have to see where we come out probably towards the latter part of March. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, as we've commented on for a while, we are very, very, very actively engaged of course with lots of parties across the EU in the ongoing process that will ultimately lead to a finalization of all the new rules. And I think one thing we've learned is we want to be a little bit cautious until the final, final rules are out and all the details spelled out and making any comments on the ultimate impact to us. All that said, I'd make a few general points. One, any regulation, even regulation targeted more at the two dominant networks tends to put some pressure even if it's indirect on our business model.  Two, we do have a flexible business model and the closed loop gives us some unique ability to operate in a number of ways in response to evolving, not just regulatory, but competitive and other environments and you've seen us do some of those things in other parts of the world. Sometimes it takes us some time to evolve the business model. We'll have to see where the final EU rules come out.  Three, I would say there are already some things happening in Europe that are going to have an impact on us even in the near term, even though the final payments directive has not been issued and there are some changes in the rules around cross-border acquiring that we think are already and even more so in 2015 will begin to put some pressure on our discount rate in Europe. And that's just one of the many challenges that I talked about in as I reflected overall on the challenges we have for 2015. On the broader overall impact for the payments directive, we’ll just have to see what the final language shows.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, we don’t, David, as you know, tend to call out the specific size of any of our portfolios and I would probably include Starwood.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, I don’t think at this point. Obviously there’s also sense sensitivity with our partners so it’s not something David I want to do on a casual basis. You are correct, from time to time usually at an investor presentation kind of format we have provided a few numbers that we fully vet with the partners bank. So we’re not prepared to do that today. Clearly the fact that we have just resigned with Starwood tells you about how pleased we are and I think how pleased they are with the relationship and the growth potential it has going forward. You talk about the impact. I guess what I was very much trying to communicate in my comments earlier is that we are in these co-brand relationships for the long term, just like we run the Company for the long term. Often, these partnerships only get renewed every quite a number of years. These are not annual renewals. So when normal market commission have evolved for quite a number of years, when you renew a contract you can sometimes have a significant reset and we always structure these things so both parties have tremendous incentives to continue to grow the value and we’re pretty pleased overall with the role that all these partners have played in our financial performance over the years. So these latest renewals fall into all of those general fits of experience I just gave you. No one portfolio that’s the size of star is going to have that material an impact on us, but it’s one of the many, many factors we look at as we think about both our near term and our longer term financial performance.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, our relationship with Delta is very, very complex. You’ve got a co-brand partnership. You have their participation in membership rewards. They’re a very, very significant merchant for us. We have a lounge agreement with them. We are a huge - I’d remind you, we are still 60% owner of the largest business travel operation in the country. So there are a lot, lot, lot of moving economic pieces to our relationship with Delta. So that's why it's such an important relationship to them. It's why it's such an important relationship to us. And that's why we think it's so important to get it back in a status where it's been renewed for the longer term and that's where we are now and now we're both just focused on growing the relationship. I don't want to comment on any specific terms in anyone of the many areas because of course we both look at this relationship and try to balance it across all the many different components.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, we continue to be very pleased by the growth in loyalty partner. As you recall, we launched in Italy late last year - early last year. It is well into a very mature state in a number of other countries, Germany, Mexico, et cetera. The growth rates for that business overall are in the high double-digits and we're very pleased and I think you can continue to expect us to expand to new countries. In terms of breaking it out, I think we're still a ways from that. We will probably somewhat similar to the answer I gave earlier in response to things like Starwood metrics. We will from time to time usually in an Investor Day kind of setting give people a few metrics, but we're really pleased with the business. And I think it's also fair to say we're also learning, because it is a relatively new business for us, how to better optimize some of the synergies with our core card business and we're pleased with our progress there. In fact, I talked in my earlier remarks about strong growth in a number of European countries including Germany and one of the factors helping us in Germany are some of the synergies we're beginning to see between our core card business and loyalty partner. On small business lending, we obviously have a tremendous franchise with small businesses. And we were certainly the first to create an organization within the Company extremely focused on just trying to figure out how do we help drive success across our small business partners and it's given us a tremendous position in the marketplace.  Small business Saturday has been a tremendous add to the overall range of the things we do with small business partners and growing our lending efforts in small business we would see as one of the many opportunities we have to do a little bit more lending than you've seen us do the last few years. I want to emphasize here that we're a long, long ways from doing anything that changes our spend centric focus. On the other hand, with our existing customer base, within our existing risk profile, with your example of small businesses as a really good example, we think we are really well positioned to accelerate growth rates from where we are today and we're very focused on doing it. 
Jeffrey Campbell: That's a great question, Mike. I think in terms of the impact in Q4 on billings by geography, billings by industry type, as we've begun to scrub through the numbers, you really don't see anything that jumps out at you in terms of a pattern, but frankly that's not surprising to us because it's still pretty new when you think about Q4. I think we'll all have to see how things develop in 2015. I think that also really points to the importance of your second question. Believe me, as you would expect us to be, we are being very thoughtful and very focused on both industry and geographic concentrations and trying to be well ahead of anything that does start to appear in terms of how we're managing our credit profile across our business. 
Jeffrey Campbell: But look, they're a great partner for us and as I explained earlier, we have a really broad relationship with Delta that cuts across so many parts of both our companies. It's generated tremendous value for us and it's generated tremendous value for them. We last renewed it in 2008 and it's now locked in for quite some period of time and we're really pleased with that and we're both very focused on growing the very mutual interest we have in a common card member and flier base. All that said, they're a good partner and I think we've been pretty clear that in general there's a reset often when you do these kinds of renewals after a long time and I said on my earlier remarks Delta is no exception. You do see the one piece of the economics in the charges we took in Q4. And that is that there is an impact that caused us to reprice the bank of MR points so that basically tells you we're going to pay Delta a little bit more money when a membership rewards member transfers MR points to redeem a flight on Delta. That's actually very similar to something we did back in 2008, in fact the charge is almost the same size as something we took back in 2008. So that's not new. I think it's just sort of a standard part of the reset. Beyond that, I don't want to try to size the overall economics of a specific agreement as we have with Delta and there's many, many ways that they may think about the value so I actually couldn't tell you how they might have gotten to the
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, you are correct. And of course we spell that out arises leveled from an SEC perspective we should disclose.
Jeffrey Campbell: Remember, our ownership stake in Concur was about 13% or so. And then back in 2008, we thought putting in place a series of operating agreements taking that minority of stake. We did put $1 billion on the board. It was really a good way to both - make sure we captured the operating synergies between the two companies and we’ve been very successful over the years and helping each other to grow. Well, frankly, letting Concur operate as an independent company to really grow and create the value that - they’ve really done a rather remarkable job of with the purchase by SAP. We are very excited frankly to take that partnership, longstanding partnership with Concur and continue it, but frankly expanded as they become a part of SAP and we think that’s going to open even more avenues of working together and we’ve - even as you would expect before the acquisition was announced, had a number of discussions along those lines. And so, we’re if anything more excited than we were about the ability to continue to work together to help drive both of our businesses forward. So I think we’re out of time. Operator, so I want to thank everybody for joining us on today’s call and participating in the Q&A. We are, to summarize, maybe pleased with the solid performance we showed for the full year of 2014. We do face increasing challenges in 2015, but we face the challenges from a strong position, many growth opportunities and we’re all focused on making sure we’re making the right decisions to position the company for the long-term. So with that, I wish you all good evening. Thanks for your continued interest in American Express.
