Jeff Campbell: So if you go back, Betsy, to when we first talked about the economics of OptBlue which I believe was at the financial community meeting in February. We pointed out that, you are correct, there is a partial offset to the decline in discount rate because certain other payments we have been making to the merchant acquirers which run through operating expenses we would no longer be making. Now that is not a complete offset, it's a partial offset. Our strong belief in the overall positive economics of the OptBlue program depend upon our belief that with expended merchant coverage, and over the course of the next several years we believe this program in the U.S. has the ability to make significant strides in the remaining merchant coverage gap we have. We believe that that will have very strong overall billings and revenue impacts that will more than offset the remaining negative impact on the margin when you just offset the discount rate decline on existing business versus the saving payments to the merchant acquirers. That will take time as merchant coverage grows and as our customers begin to learn and understand that it grows. But I would say we are really pleased with the progress we have made with the merchant acquiring community and are very bullish about the long-term prospects for the program.
Jeff Campbell: I think our view, and of course some of this will depend a little bit, Betsy, on market conditions. But sitting here today, our view is we will probably begin to fill the gap. And, of course, the way the CCAR process works as you know, we are committed to filling a portion of the gap that we put in our CCAR 2014 submission. But it would not take us all the way to filling the entire gap. We do believe in the long run, given the way the rules work, that the right, permanent long-term capital structure will eventually get us to that level. We probably won't get there with the first couple of issuances. I would also point out that, I don't want to drag everyone throughout the map, but it's a fairly complex calculation because what you really focus on is getting to that 150 basis points in a stress scenario through the CCAR process, because that's really where it would potentially become a binding constraint for us.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. I don't want to speculate on just how many quarters because, again, it's tricky always to predict market dynamics and we will also be making some calls about how the market for these securities evolves and how the overall market evolves, particularly considering today's events. But it will certainly take more than the two quarters that we talked about in my prepared remarks.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me try to take those kind of one at a time, Sanjay, and I would start with your revenue growth questions. And I think I would preface my remarks by saying, we have a number of long-term targets. We have a EPS target in the 12% to 15% range, a return on equity 25% or better and revenue growth at 8% or above. Certainly our number one focus as we think about those targets is achieving the kind of very consistent EPS growth that you have seen us create quite a good track record of over the last few years. And when we think of the 8% revenue growth target, that is a facilitating lever to help us achieve those EPS targets. But one of the things that we began to talk about a few years ago and that I think we have really demonstrated over the last few years, is we have other levers to use in varied economic environments to get to our 12% to 15% EPS target even when we can't get to the revenue environment we would like. So when you say what would we do to continue to get revenue up, well, we think about investments across the short, medium and long-term horizon. And of course we could probably get the revenue growth up in the near-term higher than it is today if we abandon some of the things we're doing that we think are quite important for the longer-term. And two of the things you have heard us talk a lot about in the last couple of years are loyalty partner and loyalty coalition investments, along with the things we're doing in the reloadable prepaid markets. We continue to believe in those long-term investments but they are not in the near-term going to return as strong or as high a return as what you would get if we plow the funds we put in to those products into our core businesses. We think we have the balance about right although there is an art to it and in many ways we would suggest that the bottom line test is, are we hitting the EPS targets given where revenue growth is. And also just to remind you that for our business the real correlation is with year-over-year GDP growth. We went into this year with the consensus forecast in the U.S. for GDP growth to approach 3%. The latest consensus is down at about 2.2% year-over-year for all of 2014, and it's anyone's judgment who is listening to this call what events of recent days might mean even to that number. So we are actually pretty pleased with our EPS performance given that environment. And we are quite committed to the balanced approach we take across thinking about our spending and investments in terms of short term, medium term and long-term investments. The last comment I would make is when you think about an event like the June quarter increase in our investment spending. I think you have to put it into a little bit of perspective. We talked on last quarter's call about doing perhaps an incremental $300 million or so of marketing and promotion. I would remind you that we spend over the course of the year $3 billion to $3.5 billion of marketing and promotion. So when you think about that increment over the course of the year, it's a fairly modest increment. For the portion of that spending that is targeted at near term initiatives, you would expect to see the results as you get into the second, third and fourth quarters subsequent to the spend and we're pretty pleased with what we have seen thus far. But it's a fairly modest component of the overall spend. To go into your last question on macro trends. In general we don't like to comment a lot on intra-quarter billing trends because there tends to be a fair amount of volatility just depending on day of week, when holidays fall etc. So I wouldn't comment on that. And in terms of recent events, I think it's just too early for us to say what will happen to either billing or travel related bookings given all the media news of the last few days.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I don't think, Mark, that anyone is likely to comment on any of the contract terms here. I would point out, we don't really comment on contract terms with any of our partners. More broadly our philosophy is, we want to be everywhere that our card members want to be. And there is a real affinity between the Apple brand and what it means in our card member base. So we are very excited to be a part of this launch. We think it fits very well with our brand and card member value proposition and as we have said for a long time, form factor is not particularly important to us. We have tremendous share in online products, we have a tremendous partnership with someone like Uber where, of course, you don't see any physical card presence and it really takes advantage of some of our unique digital and customer capabilities. The closed loop gives us an ability to, in Apple Pay and in any other digital setting, do some things for both the card members and the merchants that are challenging for others to emulate. So we are very excited about being part of this launch and think over time it can really be helpful in the continuing trend towards less use of cash and more use of card payments. And that's a very good thing for us and, frankly, a very good thing for the industry.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the short answer, of course, is we are issuing now because we committed to issuance in our CCAR submission. The longer answer for why we put it in the CCAR submission is that when you think about our capital constraints, you do have to consider them in the context of the stress scenarios that the Fed runs which can produce very very different results from what you may see when you look at our balance sheet. And the judgment we made is we submitted CCAR, our CCAR submission in 2014, was that the most prudent route to ensure that we continue to do the kinds of very aggressive returns of capital to our shareholders that we have been doing. And I would remind you that are -- we have been amongst the highest of any of the CCAR banks in terms of the amount of capital that we have been returning. The way to ensure we could continue to have a strong platform to do that given the evolution in the rules, given the way the process works, best way to do that was to put a portion of preferred into our capital structure. And that's what we committed to and therefore the will see us execute. As I said in answer to Betsy earlier, you won't see us get all the way up to the full level until some later point in time. But what our judgment was, it's prudent to begin that process now.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think it's a still very early days for the program. And I would remind you that there is really two aspects to this. One is, that we will get expanded merchant coverage over time as the acquirers go out and find merchants who do not take American Express today and are very attracted to a simple product offering that gives them the ability to expand the range of customers they can reach. Those acquirers will also take some of their existing customer base and put them on these simpler, and we think more attractive, OptBlue program. And so there is a mixture of both of those things going on right now. And the expansion in the spending at the new merchants will take some time because our card members will take some time to even realize when merchants get added and what the benefits are of that expanded coverage. So for all of those reasons we are quite comfortable, in fact quite pleased, with the early days of the program. And the fact that the acquirers have been signing on a little quicker than we expected, is why the modest impact has hit us a little bit more quickly than we had in our plan. We actually see that as a good thing, however.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think the short answer is, of course we look very closely at all the trends across all of the many products. And one of the hallmarks I think of our business model is that we strongly believe that we have a broad range of products because we want to have the right product for the right card member and people have very very different needs. Well, I'll tell you, when we look across our portfolio now, we see some very strong performance in some of our premium products. We are very pleased, and in fact have exceeded our expectations on the take-up with our new EveryDay card which is clearly targeted at a very different demographic, customers who value the revolve feature. As you mentioned in my script, you see some of our cash back rewards for our products growing particularly strongly right now and that contributes a little bit to some of the difference between billed business growth and discount revenue growth. So when you look across our portfolio, there is no particular trends that we can point you to that show migration patterns that are different than what we have experienced historically.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so remember SAP hopes or expects that the transaction will close in the fourth quarter and we would expect that it will generate a gain for us of about $700 million.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. So as you know we have for many years have been selling off at a modest pace very large gains we generated some years back from our investment in ICBC, the Chinese bank. The sale of those shares came to an end in the September quarter and we are now completely sold out on that position. We have been considering a range of alternatives as we reached an end of that ICBC investment sale, one of which was to begin to sell modest bits of Concur. That plan was beginning to be executed and thought about and SAP came along and changed our trajectory. So there is really nothing more than that going on with a very modest sales that you see referenced in the document.
Jeff Campbell: So that's exactly the right question, Bill. The thing you have to remember is, your binding constraint in CCAR is whatever your absolute low point is over and nine quarter period. So in CCAR 2014 you were running into 2015 when the new minimums come into effect. You are running a severe stress scenario where the Fed does the modeling and you are sustaining your capital payouts. So one of the realities for us as a bank which has made very aggressive requests for share repurchase along with dividends. That means when you sustain those right through a severe stress scenario, particularly when you have a company like American Express, which if you look at our payouts lately, we're paying out over 25% of our regulatory capital base each year. The math quickly takes you from what on the surface looks like a very highly capitalized company, and we of course believe we are very highly and well-capitalized, to one that actually begins to in that severely stress scenario where you, I might suggest, unrealistically sustain your capital payouts right through that severely stress scenario, you begin to approach those minimums. And as we thought about how do we make sure we don't trip those minimums, our choice was fill it with more common or fill it with some preferred. And we clearly chose to fill it for our shareholders with preferred because it's more economic buffer.
Jeff Campbell: I think what you should take away from all of my comments is that our track record, we are using the range of levers we have to meet our EPS targets are pretty good. Our track record is very good and we have a lot of levers. And our job and our focus is on using all the levers we have to continue to achieve that kind of performance. It is more challenging in a modest economic growth environment where everything from the capital rules to the regulatory environment to the competitive environment just gets tougher every day, but that's our job. That's what you pay us to do. And we are committed to using every lever we have to stay focused on meeting those EPS targets.
Jeff Campbell: So we are not -- we are in the middle of our planning process right now for 2015, and so we are certainly not ready on this call to talk about what our targets are on operating expense going forward. But I would make a few obvious comments which is, we are in a business where we get some benefits from scale as our company continues to grow. And while I was calling our 5% revenue growth quite accurately less then we and probably you had hoped for, I would remind you that for a company of our size to have revenue growth in a 2% growth economy of 5% is actually, if you look at other industries, is not a bad number. That gives us the benefit of scale which is a helpful thing as we try to control operating expenses as we continue to grow. And we are also in businesses where technology helps us every year find new ways to be more efficient and where the behavior of our merchants and our card members every year is more and more about us finding ways to engage them digitally. Quite frankly, that's also a less expensive and more efficient way for us to engage with them. So we are not ready to give targets yet on expenses for next year but what we are ready to say, is we are very committed to using all the levers that are at disposal to meet our financial targets. And we have some natural advantages given our growth and our business model in finding ways to continually control operating expenses and get that very important operating leverage that you talked about.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me maybe work those in backward order here. We are constantly looking at ways to add value through innovation, technology, scale or closed loop. We are constantly looking to find ways using all of those tools, add value to our merchants. Frankly, we also expect when we find ways to add value that there will be reasonable compensation. Now that's a very general statement and we will have to see on any particular subject, I don't want to comment on tokenization in particular, where the market goes and what kind of value we can deliver to our partners. But certainly our general view is that we add value in a lot of ways and we should get compensated for it. On the salary and benefit point, there is always some quarter to quarter volatility so I'm going to be a little cautious on giving you a line item specific bit of guidance. I would make the point that salary and benefits are half or a little more of our overall operating expense. We are very committed to maintaining the trends you have seen thus far. And while you can't maintain the trends you have seen over the last few years without maintaining a very tight control around all of our employee related costs. I just want to point out that you do get a little bit of quarter to quarter volatility, sometimes particularly in the fourth quarter as you true up things at your end.
