Daniel Henry: I think our cardmember base doesn’t reflect the general population. I think our products are designed to meet the needs of higher spending, more affluent customers. Last year when we saw the drop in billings in the first three quarters of last year when our billings were dropping at a rate similar to the competition we were actually relatively pleased by that because generally discretionary spending drops at a faster rate and our customers have more discretionary spending than the average population.  I think what we see here is when things improve that discretionary spending is coming back. I think it is really the impact of a more affluent customer base. I think that is one part of it. The next part has to do with corporate card. Corporate card generally is more of a V. It goes down sharper than the rest of spending and it comes back a lot steeper and I think we are seeing that make a strong contribution here. We have a very strong position in corporate card.  Thirdly we have a strong G&S business. As you can see from the charts spending on cards issued by our partners that run on our network is performing very well. I think it is all of those factors which are contributing to the billings growth which is significantly higher than we are seeing among other major competitors. 
Daniel Henry: It was the bulk of the re-engineering charge you can see in the supplement. It is about $16 million. Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: When you look at your reserve is a good way to think about that over time you will normalize to about 12 month’s coverage of charge offs? That seems to be what a lot of the industry is talking about. 
Daniel Henry: As it relates to the situation in Europe our main focus is really on meeting the needs of our customers and helping them to adjust their travel plans. Our call volume has increased eight fold during this period. That is where our focus is. There may be some minor impact to billings. Assuming there isn’t further impact from more activity from the volcano we would estimate the impact from this is not going to be significant but it is too early to tell. There could be some changes in status as we go forward and that could have an impact. Where we stand today our focus is on servicing our customers and we don’t think the impact as facts are today would be significant. 
Daniel Henry: I think page 16 we are trying to just give a little more information so we are a little bit clearer about the fact that investments don’t just mean marketing and promotion but really spills over to other areas. So we really haven’t broken out historically the dollar amounts in each of these categories but you do get some sense for what is in certainly marketing and promotion; a very clear look there. The actual percentage of total operating expense that OpEx is not the overwhelming majority. Let’s face it you need to have a fair amount of that operating expense supporting our core business but we are allocating more to that because we are emphasizing commercial card if we are going to grow commercial card it is generally related to sales force. That would be in operating expense.  We are also very focused on new fee generation and new products that would drive fee revenue growth. We have talked about loyalty as an example of that. We have talked about marketing data to merchants and all of those require OpEx to drive it. We haven’t split up that number exactly but it is not inconsequential but it is not the vast majority. 
Daniel Henry: I think that the investments we are making in the tried and true things that we have historically done that are part of our core business as you can see over the years our returns on those are very good. We think the investments we are making this year in those core businesses will also be very good and very much along historic levels. Any time you venture into new areas some of which we are doing you have estimated returns and those estimated returns will give us actually very good economics. The certainty of those are obviously different because you don’t have history to know if you will be successful in achieving those.  In any event the assumptions we have made will give us very good returns. The way we think about what portion is flowing to the bottom line and what portion we are investing is driven by the fact we want to ensure we are investing enough to drive growth in the future that will enable us to hit our financial targets.  If you look back at the 2005 to 2008 timeframe and took marketing and promotion plus investments that drive growth within operating expense those two numbers would probably be about 13% of revenues. We have actually taken that up to about 14-15% in the current period. So we are investing at a slightly higher level than we did historically. Again we are trying to balance where our income level should be and investing to drive future growth in the years to come. 
Daniel Henry: I think the Card Act was only in effect for a portion of the quarter and there is another piece of the Card Act that comes into effect in August. I don’t think we have seen the full impact of the Card Act yet. I don’t think we will see that until we get to the fourth quarter and that is why it kind of ramps down over the course of the year. 
Daniel Henry: You are really seeing honestly all of our businesses contribute to the growth. You can look at that chart by segment and you can see that it is G&S, commercial card, it is in the U.S. and it is in international. It really is broad based across all of those. It is our view we think it does have a lot to do with these discretionary pieces where we are seeing the biggest bounce back. That was true based on the information we showed at the financial community meeting. I would think that continues to be a driving force. 
Daniel Henry: I think bonusing of rewards points is a part of that. That is decision we make every quarter. I think there were a number of unique things in this quarter which all contributed when you add it up. As I said in the first quarter of last year we had a refinement that actually was a benefit then. That creates a grow over. I think we have the impact of as I said less acquisition so therefore you have a more tenured base which is having an impact. Some of those will continue over time. The fact we have made the program have more options and increased the ease of redemption that would be a permanent increase.  Quite frankly to the extent customers actually redeem we view that as a very positive thing because if customers are engaged we see them spend more. If over time the URR were to drift up some we would view that as a positive, not as a negative. 
Daniel Henry: We designed this chart to try and be helpful without doing a forecast. I don’t want to do a forecast. We are trying to give you all of the pieces so you can think about where we are going directionally. I wouldn’t want to go beyond that. 
Daniel Henry: We closed that transaction in January so it is just about three months. I think as we talked about at the time we were basically buying a platform and so we are in the process of developing exactly what our strategy will be but we think it will help us in the area of alternative payments. I don’t have a lot more to add to that. Over time as it develops we will share that with you. 
Daniel Henry: I don’t know. Right now with folks’ balance sheets shrinking the need to move back into that market quickly is being diminished a little bit. You generally need to increase your funding to the extent your balance sheet is growing on the left hand side. So I guess it would be a moderate process. 
Daniel Henry: I think our rewards team has really over the last 5-6 years done an excellent job of both expanding the program to add many new options people can redeem for and at the same time create a mix that has really helped us to hold cost per point very constant over a 5-year period. We saw a little bit of a tick up and again that was because I was making a comparison year-over-year and last year you basically had probably a little bit of a benefit on cost per point because people weren’t redeeming for air and in the mix that is the most expensive piece. I think the team continues to do a good job and I think we are optimistic that cost per point can be managed well while also providing a good value proposition for our customers. 
Daniel Henry: I think we are committed, I am committed by the middle of this year to give some guidance on ROE. We will probably give some guidance on what percentage of earnings we will be looking to return to shareholders through either dividends or share repurchases. So as I say I think we will do that in the middle of the summer. It also requires a conversation with the regulators. There is another large financial institution that actually did some share repurchases this quarter after a conversation with the regulators. I think that will be an assessment we make later in this year. 
Daniel Henry: The Card Act does not apply to the small business cards. We think our card agreements with small businesses are clear and transparent so we are very comfortable with our terms and conditions with small businesses. The Card Act does not apply to those cards. 
Daniel Henry: I think you have to go back a little further. If you go back to 2008 our yield was about 9%. In 2009 we put in pricing changes to increase the yield in anticipation of the Card Act coming into effect. The Card Act comes into effect in 2010 and we move back down to 9%. So it is really just getting back to historical levels. What we have said is we want to put pricing increases in place that would offset the impact of the Card Act and if we move back to 9% that is exactly what we would have achieved. 
Daniel Henry: I think the mix of our business between T&E and non-T&E I haven’t really seen anything to indicate that has shifted. What I would say is the co-brand increase in part is being affected by the fact that we signed a new agreement with Delta and it has opened up a whole new set of customers that we really didn’t have access to before that were part of the Northwest program. We have been investing heavily behind the Delta program as well as some other new co-brands as well as resigned co-brands. It is really that activity that is driving the co-brand spend up.  On charge card we are also investing there. That is very much in line with the strategy we articulated. I think we are getting good results from that spending. I think it is probably in areas that are more discretionary. I don’t think we have seen a big shift. 
Daniel Henry: I haven’t seen any data that would imply any major shift whether it is the more tenured customers who are doing it or newer customers. Again, everything I have seen shows that it is very broad based. It is not just one segment or one area that is carrying 16% growth in billed business. It is really all of the businesses, all of the products other than proprietary lending where we have not been investing behind. Other than that I think it is very broad based. 
Daniel Henry: We are keenly aware over time alternative payments are likely to play a bigger role in payment. That is why we want to be very focused to this area. That is part of the reason why we made the Revolution Money acquisition. Online payments certainly receives a significant amount of attention by our senior management team. So we are balancing between what we are investing in the core business but it is also one of the reasons we want to allocate resources to investments that are really over the medium to long-term.  When I said before we are focused on investments that drive metrics over the next 12 months those are our core business investments. We are allocating more money to those things like online payments, alternative payments, some of the new fee businesses. Those in all likelihood won’t provide significant returns to us over the next 24-36 months but we think they are very important to maintain our growth trajectory as you look out beyond that. So we are very cognizant of that and looking to invest in at an appropriate level. 
Daniel Henry: I think the reason we have over the last two years talked about bolt-on acquisitions is for exactly that reason. To actually achieve our strategies in some of these areas it may be appropriate to do bolt-on acquisitions to actually achieve those strategies. 
Daniel Henry: Certainly that is something we will have to pay attention to. Certainly there is an indication people will look at the pricing increases people have put in place to see that they continue to be justified. They are also going to look at fees for people who don’t comply with terms and conditions. We believe those fees are reasonable we will only know the ultimate answer to that after someone comes in and takes a look. So we are not anticipating that will have a negative impact on charge card. Nor do we think those aspects will have a negative impact beyond what we see now on yield. 
Daniel Henry: We do write off when we are notified. The industry may have had a spike up in March but we did not. We actually had filings drop in our customer base. In addition to that the dollar amount in the filings has been decreasing which is a benefit. So we actually saw a drop down, not a spike up in the month of March. 
Daniel Henry: That is a metric that is hard to forecast. It could pop up next month to where we were in February. It is one of those things that is hard to forecast. 
Daniel Henry: As I said before describing how we set reserves which is not off of any one particular metric. So I think our reserves are going to be impacted by what the credit metrics are, where write offs are going, where delinquencies are going, what the loan balances are, what our outlook is as it relates to the economy. All of those things will come into play in terms of where we set our reserves each quarter. 
Daniel Henry: I didn’t want to forecast the marketing and promotion lines. As I said before it is our intent as credit improves and it provides us with resources to balance dropping some of that to the bottom line but continuing to invest at healthy levels to drive the business. Some of that will come in marketing and promotions and some of that will be reflected in operating expense. We are very focused on investing for the proper growth trajectory as we go forward. 
Daniel Henry: We are long-term very focused on the fact we have to have well controlled operating expense. That is why I tried to speak to this in terms of some operating expense we view as not driving revenues and we are really focused on controlling that very well. Quite frankly I think we have done a pretty good job of that historically. We are investing in some areas that fall to a greater degree in operating expense that may have not been the case in the past. We are just trying to make that distinction. We are not moving away from our historical financial targets to grow revenues at greater than 8% and achieve EPS growth of 12-15%. I think that is probably one way of answering your question.  So thanks everybody for joining the call. Have a good evening. 
