Stephen Squeri: So I think everything that we're doing here is offensive. I mean you could argue that raising compensation is defensive. But I think you're going to -- you've seen compensation being raised across. So if I break out the categories, you're going to see OpEx up. And you see an OpEx up for 2 reasons. #1, we are investing a little bit more in -- from an operating perspective. But that investment -- the main investment from an operating perspective is you can't grow your billings 30%, and with the majority of those billings being grown by 30% by more transactions without having more people to be able to serve your customers, to be able to engage with them from a travel perspective. And you have to remember, one of the huge differentiating factors that we have in our business model is our ability to serve our customers when and where they need to be served. And as you get more and more transactions, as you get more and more customers, you do have this step function increase. And so a lot of our operating expense growth has been done -- has been to the addition of people, which is not maybe a popular topic right now that people are talking about, but we're adding people. We're not subtracting people from our business. And we're adding people to make sure that we can continue the level of service that we had. And I don't mind doing that, especially in a growth environment, which is what we're expecting. Well, look, you're also seeing wage increase, and you have to pay more to keep your best talent. And so we will do that. That is [indiscernible] not to do that, and we will continue to do that. From a marketing perspective, I've been doing this for a number of years now. And one of the things that you hear us say is we have lots and lots of good investment opportunities. And to let those investment opportunities go by the Board because, we thought we might have spent $5 billion, but maybe it will be $5.2 billion, whatever, that's shortsighted because we're running the company for the longer-term. So I would say that the investments that we're making -- and additional investments in technology are truly all longer -- all thinking about the long-term here. As far as revenue goes for next year, look, we're building up momentum. But I think when we came out and said we were going to grow 18% to 20% this year, there was probably some scepticism. And now we're coming out and saying we're going to go 23% to 25%, which is going to put the level of revenue at the end of this year obviously higher than what we thought. We have a plan to get us to -- in 2024 at 10% plus revenue growth on a sustainable basis, which means in 2023, we'll certainly exceed 10%. What that number will actually be? I don't know sitting here right now. I don't know. But I can tell you it will be on our growth trajectory. And as long as we have good revenue opportunities and as long as we can continue to grow this business, I will continue to invest. And that's where we are. And as Jeff said, we've decided not to -- and I think it's really important. We've decided not to raise our earning -- our EPS guidance because of the uncertainty with CECL, which, quite honestly, we don't have a lot of control over. And so for us to sit here today and say, hey, look, let's just raise it to then come back in the third quarter or the fourth quarter and say, hey, we had to drop it, it's just -- it's fool hearted. But the revenue, it's what we see. And so when we're asked questions about, what do you think about the economy and you see a slowdown? If I was thinking there was a slowdown in the next couple of quarters, I wouldn't be sitting here raising revenue to 23% to 25%. So that's how I think about it.
Stephen Squeri: So if you look at where we are right now, and yes, we're at a 100 -- we're at 8% growth over 2019. And that's not really a big number when you think about it. When you think about 8% growth over 2019 from a T&E perspective and you think about sort of airline prices, you think about some of the inflation built in, I'd say there's more room to run on T&E. And when you disaggregate sort of T&E, and you look at it, and you see that the consumer is running sort of 38% above and you've got international consumer running only 8% above and you got SME running probably 8% above and corporate travel is only 60% of what it was in 2019, I wouldn't call out a pull forward. And when I look at my bookings, my future bookings in my consumer business, they're strong. And then when you get -- then you sort of disaggregate and you go below those numbers, and you look and you say, okay, what's really driving it? And you see a tremendous growth, right? We're seeing a tremendous growth, like 48% growth in restaurant. Lodging is huge. Airline is way up. But lodging and airlines are still below 2019 levels in aggregate. So -- and the airline industry is probably only about 85%, 90% of their capacity. And they have some staffing issues and what have you, and they're sort of canceling. So I don't think this is a pull-forward at all. I think there's a huge pent-up demand, obviously, to get out and travel and see the world or see anybody at this particular point in time. But no, I'm not really concerned about a pullback because I don't think we've gotten to a normal level yet. I really don't believe we've gotten to a normal level of T&E. So now we're going to see 90% year-over-year growth rates, no. But I look at absolute aggregate numbers, and I can't get too focused on just the growth rates. We're not at a normal level of T&E yet in our business.
Stephen Squeri: Look, we're -- our stated goal for our SME business is be the working capital provider for small businesses. And so I think that what we're trying to do is to be able to provide liquidity to them using cards. We've got some short-term working capital loans. We've got some shorter-term term loans and they're taking advantage of it. But I'll send you back to the pandemic. I mean when you look at our small business base, I think everybody was really concerned about how stressed this was because -- or how stressed this could be because of what the perception is the makeup of small businesses. And I've said this over and over again. When people think about small businesses, they think about restaurants and they think about small retail on Main Street and it's much more than that. And so I think that -- and you saw how we performed. I mean our credit metrics performed brilliantly through the pandemic. And we've always grown in the last few years a little bit -- well, pre-pandemic, we've always grown faster than the market. We have a very low share of our small businesses lending volume relative to their spending volume. I mean we probably have over 40% of their spending volume, but 40% of the spending level, but we have less than maybe 20% of the land. So there is opportunity, and we will go after this opportunity the same way we go after everything else, in a very measured, analytical and risk-adjusted way. And so we're not trying to grow crazily. We are just providing our customers with what they need. Having said that, I think you've seen our ability to pivot, and if need be, we will pivot again. But what I do really love about our small business base, not only that it continues to grow, but it is so diverse across so many different types of industries, and that's really, really, really important.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. Look, I mean, we -- from a U.S. perspective, we continue to remain in parity coverage, and as we -- virtual parity coverage. And as we said, it doesn't mean you're not going to run into somebody that doesn't accept the card now and again. But usually, it's -- when we do that, we're able to sign them up because it's sort of old news in terms of what the rates are and how we -- and so forth. So I'm not really can -- I should say, I'm not concerned about the U.S. But I like where we are in the U.S. and I like our approach to the U.S. From international, I think we've been really, really, really clear. We've been focusing on priority cities and continuing to drive those numbers higher, and those continue to do well. We've probably signed well over 3 million merchants this year, which is -- I think we're on pace to sign as many as we did last year from an international perspective. And we'll continue to provide information, not on a quarterly basis, but on an as-needed basis to show you that the progress that we're making. But we're really pleased with the progress that we're making in our priority cities. And that doesn't mean we're not focused on signing every merchant that doesn't accept the card. We do. But we think it's more important to sign those merchants where Card Members actually are. And that's why the priority cities and the priority countries are so important for us. And we feel really good about it. And you only have to look at the international spending to say, is it really working? And when you look at sort of our international spending this year, it's up higher than our consumer spending year-over-year for this quarter. So it's a big driver for growth for us.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. So we don't really get into all of that either in our release or talk about. But let me give you a couple of points. When we look at sort of how we're getting card member spending, we really look at share of wallet. Share of wallet is really important for us. And from millennials and Gen Zs, we're getting a higher share of their wallets off the bat. That's key. Because what happens is, with a lot of our boomers and so forth, and especially our boomers, they were used to an American Express that was accepted in a limited universe. Our Gen Z and our millennials are used to an American Express that's really accepted everywhere. And so we're able to penetrate their wallets more right out of the gate because, number one, they're more card savvy, and they tend to use no cash. And they're more value proposition savvy, and they tend to figure out how to utilize the card in the best way for them. And so we're getting a higher percentage of their wallet. As they grow, as their wallets grow, as they progress through life, our aim is to continue to keep that wallet share. And that's a big deal. Plus, as you acquire Gen Zs and millennials, they tend to have a longer runway for tenure with the card product. As far as the 48% growth and breaking it out sort of -- I mean, really what you're asking for is same-store sales versus new store sales. I don't really have that at the tip of my fingertips here.
Stephen Squeri: Well, I think the simple answer is they have more money. But when you look at sort of what's going on in the economy and the stock market going up and down, we we've never really been tied to that. I mean -- and I've been here for forever, right, 35 years or so. And I've never seen a correlation between that. What I have seen a correlation between is sort of unemployment and people losing their jobs and not being able to pay their bills. And so that's potentially an issue down the road. But we're in a very crazy sort of environment, and Jeff called this out in his own remarks. I mean, we've got high inflation and low unemployment. And it's actually hard to hire people right now. And so yes, you're seeing some layoffs and some companies talking about slowing down their hiring and things like that. But it's not broad based and it's not broad scale at this particular point in time. And so I think as far as I look at this -- the cohort that we have, which is a small segment, right, of the U.S. population, but a very powerful segment of the U.S. population, you would have to see a huge credit crunch driven by unemployment, I think, for this cohort to be hit. The other thing I would say is, when we pull apart our numbers, this spending is not inflation-driven. And that's not to say there's not inflation in these numbers. But you have to remember that coming out at the end of last year, when no one wanted to talk about it, we had inflation in those numbers last year. So whether you look at 8% or 9% sort of spending inflation out there in the environment, it's not an 8% -- 8% or 9% benefit to our business because you do have a grow over. But the most important thing for us is we're seeing an increase in transactions. And that's what's really driving our growth right now, is an increase in overall transactions in our business. And that's an important indicator for us. We look at not only transactions, but we look at transaction size. And then we look at that transaction size a little bit on a normalized basis as you take the effects of inflation out. And we've got real growth when you do that.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. I mean, this environment has been a highly competitive environment since the financial crisis. And it hasn't really changed. Yes, I mean people invest in more things. I mean we've all raised the price of poker here a little bit. But we figure our competitors will continue to invest. We figure that our competitors will copy what we're doing. And that's why it's important for us to stay ahead. And so has it intensified? I mean we just work under the assumption. it's a highly competitive environment, and it will remain a highly competitive environment. And you're really talking about the U.S. consumer segment, but you've got high competition in small business. You've got high competition in various markets. You've got high competition in corporate card. But what we strive to do is put the best products and services out there. And that's worked out pretty well for us. And so it requires a little bit more investment. It requires investment across the board. But in the long run, I think you just have to look at the results. And right now, we're acquiring more cards than we've ever acquired. But we've said this before. What's really important for us is that we're looking to acquire revenues and we're looking to acquire billed business. We talk in terms of cards. But those cards are generating new billed business and generating revenue for us, obviously, because we're raising our revenue guidance. As far as corporate, I'm not sure I really understand the question all that much. But we only have a corporate card. So -- and yes, companies are spending. But we're only at 60 -- our T&E is only at 60%. And Jeff, where are we overall on corporate card spending? I don't know.
Stephen Squeri: So -- but we're not back yet. But you're seeing pockets of it and consultants are back out there on the road and bankers are back out there on the road. And I think people are having a lot more meetings. I know we had one in June, and it was hard to get conference room space for like 100 or 150 people. And even looking to book for next year for the same type of meeting, boy, people are out there booking 1 year, 1.5 years in advance. And I think that's good for the lodging business. It's good for the airline business. It's good for us. So that's kind of where it is.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. Well, I mean, we're always making -- there's always the balance between long-term investments and short-term investments. And we don't talk a lot about the long-term investments until they actually happen. But you have to invest in your technology, and we've done that. And I've talked about that before because we've been one of the only companies that have said, we're not taking step function changes in our technology investment because we've been investing in technology all along. We're constantly investing in value proposition. And when people look at that, and we sit here on the phone here and we talk about it, like, okay, so what are you going to do to the Platinum Card? Well, it's not the Platinum Card. It's the 29 proprietary countries that we operate in, the small business cards that we operate in those countries and the corporate cards we operate in those countries and the co-brand cards we operate in those countries and the personal cards, Green, Gold, Platinum and Centurion. So we're constantly investing, and I think we use the Platinum Card in the U.S. either business or personal as a proxy for our overall investment, and that's not it, because we're investing in all our card products across the globe on an ongoing basis. You can't have product refreshes by just snapping your fingers and saying, hey, we're going to have a product refresh. This is months and months and months in the making and negotiations and partnerships and so forth. But look, we continue to invest in our lounge program. We continue to look at those things that add more value. I mean you've seen the expansion of things that we've done, whether it's checking accounts and debit cards for our consumers and our small businesses. And what we're trying to do is to create more stickiness and more reason to interact with American Express on an ongoing basis. I mean just look at sort of how the services around our card products have evolved over the last few years, whether that be from a small business perspective where we can meet a wide variety of reworking capital needs, banking needs and so forth, and then look at it from a consumer perspective and look at what we've done with resi, with over 30 million registered users on resi, and we have cards on file, a huge acquisition. So we'll continue to make those longer-term investments, but you'll continue to hear about them as they happen.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. And the other thing I'd say is that changes -- that can change daily. That can change weekly. Those criteria could change monthly. It all depends on how we're looking at and what our models are showing and what we're feeling. The other reality is we could lower our thresholds, spend even a lot more money. But there's that balance that you have and that balance of making sure that we're growing the bottom line is -- in an appropriate fashion and also making sure that we have a higher quality consumer and small business as part of our franchise. But it is something that's been developed over many, many years. And it's not static. I mean I think that's the key point. This thing is not static. And we continue to adjust it and modify it.
Stephen Squeri: The only thing I would say is that if restaurant spending is really highly correlated with lodging and airlines, you're going to expect it to go up. But I think, look, I mean, anybody that's been to a restaurant, prices are a little bit higher because they're -- they got wages and they got fluid costs and so forth. But look, from my perspective, restaurants really -- sort of a lot of them change their business models during the pandemic because restaurants that weren't doing takeout do take out. And so people are eating out a lot more, and they're spending more time at restaurants and ordering for restaurants. So no, I really don't think it's highly correlated at all. And in fact, if you took restaurant out, and we just said travel, and travel being defined as car rental, lodging and air, we're not back yet, right? What's pulling T&E over the finish line here to go past that 2019 is truly restaurants. So if anything, as people travel more, you might see more restaurant spending. And the other side of that is, well, you won't see more restaurant spending because now lead to different locations. So I don't think it's -- I don't think a pullback here will really hurt restaurants all that much.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. And they also tend to use our pay and plan it feature a little bit more, which is -- and I'll use these words, buy now, pay later, but on the back end as opposed to a point of sale. I mean, they can go on to their statement and decide, look, for this particular charge, I'm going to pay it in 6 installments, and I'm going to pay it at $100 a month. But I'm going to pay the rest of my balance in full. So I think that ability of looking at your statement, deciding which things you might want to pay in an installment, deciding which thing you might want to use Pay with Points to pay, deciding which thing you may want to revolve and then deciding which things you want to pay in full is a pretty good feature of the product. And so when you look at meeting somebody's entire payment needs, that kind of does it in one-stop shopping.
Stephen Squeri: But just think of how those 2 numbers that Jeff threw out, 31% revenue growth and 27% PPNR growth. Would you have felt better if it was 32%, and we decided not to invest? I wouldn't. And I think what's really important, and I'll take you back to Investor Day. This is a flywheel. Scale is important. Scale begets more scale. And not crazy scale, but scale with premium Card Members from a small business perspective and a consumer perspective that merchants want to see and merchants want to provide value to, which continues that strength in the flywheel. And that's one thing. As you know, we talked about, do you see more competition? The one thing that is really, really hard to replicate, and we haven't used these words, but this enclosed cycle that we have, otherwise known as the famous closed loop, the ability to have those merchants and have those Card Members and to be able to feed off one another from a value perspective is really, really critical. And the value that we're able to provide merchants with high spending Card Members and the value that those merchants are able to provide to our Card Members is really, really important. And so as we sit here and look at our business and look at it long term, what's really important is that growth and that sustainable growth. And again, throw all the noise out around CECL and credit reserve releases and bills and so forth. And if you focus on that number, well, 31% and 27% is pretty good. And so we feel really good about the level of investment that we've made in the business. And quite honestly, don't necessarily focus on any of those individual line items, but focus on the aggregate in what it's driving and the value it's creating. And if you're just going to measure value through a quarterly EPS growth, you're missing the point. What you need to measure value is on how sustainable your business model is over the long term. And all we're doing is enhancing our business model over the long term with these investments.
Stephen Squeri: The short answer is yes. We don't -- we're not sharing all the statistics, but small businesses continue. When you look at our small business base, probably over 80% of their spending is B2B spending versus T&E spending. And we continue to see acompay go up for us. Our partnerships continue to yield more value. We're seeing -- what Jeff talked about it, we're about 80% of where we were from a corporate card perspective, but yet only 60% from a travel perspective. So that's driven by more B2B. But it's not -- when you look at that automation of B2B, some of it is automation of existing business, especially in the small businesses. Some of it is growth. But it still continues to be a long-term play. But you're seeing more suppliers take it. And we'll continue to work towards getting more acceptance and leveraging our flexible model here to be able to work with suppliers and our small businesses and our corporations to drive more acceptance and to drive more spend.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. We don't disclose the exact numbers, Mark. But we do pull it apart, just like you described. And we certainly have made the point that a disproportionate share of our new account acquisitions are going to that millennial and Gen Z demographic. But then when you break out, just to Steve's raised the same-store sales, it is also the fastest-growing demographic on a same-store sales basis. So both contribute, both the same-store sales effect and the fact that they are disproportionate, and our new customers.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. The only thing I'd add is that we have said consistently, a modest level of inflation, and I'd still use the word modest for where we are, absent a spike in unemployment, like Steve said, is generally net a positive thing for our business. It helps revenues a little bit. It puts a little pressure on cost. But it nets to a positive. And as long as the labor market stays where it is, that's why we feel pretty good about the guidance we've given you for the rest of the year.
Jeff Campbell: It's a little higher because the travel never went down as much. So the overall number is at about closer to 80% pre-pandemic.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me maybe start, Moshe, by just reminding everyone of the highly analytical process we have for determining who we bring into membership in the franchise. And it's based on searching for that premium customer, whether they are a consumer or a small business. It's based on the vast amounts of data and history we have. And it's based on having very high financial cutoffs for who we allow into the franchise or not. And when you look at the outcome of that process right now, we are on average bringing in new customers who have higher credit qualities than we saw pre-pandemic in 2019, who are showing much higher spending profiles and who are also carrying balances at a greater rate. So we feel really good about the people we're bringing into the franchise. And as you've heard Steve and I and Doug and others talk about, we also always when we bring people in, model their results assuming there will be a recession. I don't know when there will be a recession, but there will be. And so we build a through-the-cycle view of the economics right into our upfront calculation of whether we think it's a good idea or not to bring a given customer into the franchise at a given level of marketing spend.
Jeff Campbell: Steve, the other thing I would add, and I'm going to quote you, is we run the company for the long term. We make these decisions on a through-the-cycle basis. There will be a recession at some point. I don't know when. But the thing about recessions is, they're always followed by a recovery. And we're running the company to achieve the highest possible sustainable level of long-term growth. And we think that the process we have and the analytics we have for bringing people into the franchise are very consistent with that.
Jeff Campbell: Well, maybe I'll start, Steve. So first, we have moved over the last couple of years, Rick, to add to the majority of our charge products a pay over time capability. For existing Card Members, that phases in in a variety of ways. For new Card Members, that capability is on as it is as they get the card. So I do think that has some impact on our results. There also is a demographic feature, as I talked about earlier. If you look at who we're bringing into the franchise now, and there is a skew towards the millennials and Gen Zs, they are higher spending, higher credit quality. And there is a propensity to carry balances that is a little higher than what we see in the older demographic.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I can't resist my start by pointing out that, yes, Steve and I talked a lot about the heavy investments that we're making this year. We're also growing our pretax pre-provision profit by 27% this quarter, in line with the 31% revenue growth. Look, as Steve said earlier, we'll have to see. I think we feel really good about the revenue momentum we have. And so just mathematically, given our long-term sustainable goals and a steady-state environment for 2024 and beyond, I expect to be above that -- easily above the 10% level on revenue growth next year. How much? Don't know. We'll have to see. And that provides a pretty darn good platform for good earnings growth. All that said, it's only July 22. We haven't given you guide -- specific guidance for next year. And the wildcard from a GAAP EPS perspective in all this is the volatility that you've seen so much of in the last 10 quarters in the CECL credit reserves because we have good, I think, visibility and beliefs about the trajectory of our own business. But the consensus macroeconomic forecast and how it evolves is going to have a big influence on what we book for credit reserves.
