Daniel T. Henry: So, as we talked about staying, having growth of less than 3%, we really haven’t factored in exactly where revenue growth is going to come in. So I don’t think that’s the factor in terms of our commitment to keep OpEx growth at less than 3%.Ryan M. Nash – Goldman Sachs & Co. : Got it, and…
Daniel T. Henry: So our spending levels, our FX-adjusted basis have been pretty consistent over two quarters, and we didn’t see any historic trends within the quarter. So whether the change in the tax rate is having a impact that was something that we could concern within our numbers.Ryan M. Nash – Goldman Sachs & Co. : Great, thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So as we relates to the ICBC shares, we put a hedge on that in the past and have effectively locked in the gain. As you have seen over the last several quarters, we are taking that over time and the reason we’re doing that is to enable higher levels of investment spending to help generate business momentum. So it’s a locked in gain we have in sort of time, our plan to take it over time. With respect to your second question about the reversal of our reserve we put up previously related to cardmember reimbursements. We have come up with an estimate in the fourth quarter, upon further refinements we realize that the announcement we’re going to reimburse is actually lower in our estimate. It’s a relatively small amount, but it did have an effect on the increase in spreads. So I didn’t want people to think that that was a permanent increase that’s really the only reason I spiked it out, but it’s not really a large number at all as it relates to our income. In terms of restructuring, we announced restructuring in January; the impact of employees leaving American Express is actually going to take place over all of 2013. Some have left in March, but others will not leave until later in the year. So we’re only get a portion of the benefit from that actions in 2013 and we’ll get an additional benefit in 2014 as some people would have been here for a portion of 2013. So it’s going to come to us very gradually over 2013 and 2014. And I would say, most employees, the first employees to leave were probably in the March timeframe. So there is a limited amount of benefit from that in the first quarter. So we really see it come to us over the next seven quarters, I would say. The very good control of operating expense is just our continued focus on operating expense which we really started last year, which is rolling over into this year as we see the proper control of expense as a way of creating resources so that we can invest in the business, some of which takes place on marketing portion line, other portions of that actually take place on the operating expense line. So I don’t even know it was only one question. I hope I got each of the four parts correct.
Daniel T. Henry: Yeah. So I think what we said is we want to move back towards historical levels and 2008 and 2009 are low because it was during the crisis, and 2010 to 2011 are higher because we had all the levels of investment. Soon we’ll lock in exactly on the 67% and certainly want to head back in that direction. How much we actually think this ratio down to will depend on lot of things including where our revenue growth is, what’s in place of provision and what we’re aiming for in terms of what we want to free up for investment capacity. So all those things work together in terms of the pace and the level that we take this ratio to.Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And finally as a follow-up, can you give a little bit more color on what drove some of the weakness in GCS billed business, and then, should we expect reserve bills for the rest of the year or should we be looking for more releases? And then, I guess the last part of that is, the travel commissions and fees were little bit lower than what we were expecting. So I wondered if there is any kind of, maybe you could, if there is anything behind that and any kind of impact from the restructuring that we should expect to impact this line item? Thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So let me talk to GCS, so corporate services. So really across the broad we’ve seen lower spending in T&E categories, right and we are seeing better strength outside of the T&E categories. Corporate services is primarily T&E type of spending and so that’s where you see it come down and that’s relatively broad geographically. So it’s just lower T&E type of spending as it’s causing them to be lower, and that actually ties into travel commissions and fee, right. So if T&E spending is lower, then that way it is going to be impacted. Worldwide sales were down 3%, that’s the main driver. Now business travel was down 4%, consumer was actually up 2%, but business travel is much larger than consumer travel and so that’s yielding the lower sales, so it’s the activity in this particular category. In terms of reserve, what’s going to happen with reserves, so we have seen them come down for the last couple of years, actually in the fourth quarter we had a slight reserve billed, but a return this year to a release, but the release was much lower. The way our models work, they use the last 12 months worth of information to do the modeling to the extend we get to a point where the core of it is falling out, this is about the same level as the metrics we have in store. Then you are going to have relatively stable provision, so it’s a relationship of what’s kind of pulling out of the model and what the new quarter going into the model is. So I think most people are anticipating that reserve releases are not going to be in 2013, what they were in prior periods.Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Daniel T. Henry: So given that pre-crisis our loans grew at about the same pace as the growth in billings on lending products okay, that’s separated while during the crisis as consumers started to de-leverage. What we have said, I think is that what the growth in loans will be in relation to the business is totally depended on our customers. Right, they are going to decide what amount of leverage that they want to have, although intuitively, at least in the near term didn’t seen that we moved back to where we were pre-crisis. In the fourth quarter loan growth came closer to billings growth, but in the first quarter the growth in loans was about half the rate of the growth in billed business, it is kind of been about that level for several quarters. Now whether it goes up or down from there as I said depending on the customers, we give products to customers, we give them the opportunity to revolve if they choose, as you know probably the number of customers that we have that have lending products that are actually transactors they are very much in the high 20s, right. But if those customers choose to revolve the products design to allow, so it will be driven not by us, but by the choice of the customer and we will rely on the credit capabilities we have to properly monitor that, and you can see that while we are having loan growth even though really no one else in the industry is at the moment, our credit metrics were excellent. So, it’s really be driven by the behavior of the customer.Mark C. DeVries – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, they’re trying to replicate our closed loop. I think people realized that that has value. But the number of customers that actually operate within that space is limited. Right, it has to be a Chase customer and a merchant that uses their merchant-acquiring process. And we add that all up, I don’t think that’s a very large piece of the total universe. So is it something that will enable them to achieve growth. I think it likely is, but I don’t see it as a large threat as our closed loop covers all our merchants and all of our customers.Donald Fandettin – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, I think we need, so for the marketing and promotion just about maybe not 100%, but very, very large, it's completely discretionary. Right, Then we can decide to either do or not do, so it’s not like a fixed cost of having employees within the company. So, it is just a matter of, I think we recognized that we can take marketing and promotion down in any quarter or for a couple of quarters in fact as we did back in ‘08 and ‘09. And there is really no negative impact to the franchise, you couldn’t do that longer-term. So this is just in recognizing in the first quarter. We’ve taken it down some. We’re committed to hit the objective that we set and we chose in this particular quarter to have brand come down and acquisition go up, but that can change from quarter-to-quarter depending on what we’re endeavoring to achieve.Kenneth Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Daniel T. Henry: All right. So I’ll start with teaser rates. So others are using balanced transfers with zero for a certain period of time. That is not a strategy that we are following. So we’re not growing loans by putting teaser rates out there. The growth in our loans is coming by as a result of cardmember spending, the business spending on our products which is what we want them to do. Coming out of the crisis, we did have a shift in our lending strategy, right. So we weren’t coming out of the crisis to be focused on premium lending, right. So that was a change. So that’s really a change that we put in place back in 2009 and we’ve continued to execute against that. We’ve shared information about what percentage of lending customers actually are transactors, and that has increased quite a bit over the last several years, and as a result of the premium lending strategy, we’re focused on cards that have higher spending on them, so we have also shared the percentage of customers who have a tenure of less than 2.5 years with us so there is a lot less than it was again five years because we are bring fewer products right?Chris Brendler – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right
Daniel T. Henry: That’s helpful from our credit perspective as well, so I think you’re putting a number of metrics out there show that we not only talking about a premium lending strategy, but actually executing against it. We can actually see that average cardmember spending is in the whole base is growing up. So that has been something of a change because changing some strategy changes that we made a couple of years ago. Lending products for credit worthy customer, our products that have good economics associated with it, and so we were grow both charge card and premium lending and as I said before, which ones we are actually investing against is based on the return that we think we’ll get out of each investment.Chris Brendler – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Any comment on the manager’s margin and then also separately can you also comment on fraud? I heard more and more concerned about fraud but the lack of EMB in the U.S. and this year plan to start issuing EMB cards in the U.S. an update there. Thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: It’s going to be a very gradual roll out over several years, I would say, so no big push to do it in 2013, but it’s a gradual undertaking for us.Chris Brendler – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Daniel T. Henry: Hi.Betsy L. Graseck – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Couple of questions; one is just on the travel segment. Travel segment have been relatively weak thinking about just airline and airline seat capacity, and I’m wondering how much of that may have impacted your first quarter in terms of billed business.
Daniel T. Henry: So we say it’s possible, but we do have an initiative to, so we’ve always had initiative to expand merchant coverage. So I think a small merchants is a particular initiative within 2013 and we’re trying to expand it. So it’s very much in line, it will be good for customers who use reloadable prepaid, will be good for our customers who use our corporate card as well. So let’s do the next question if you could.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, these products is a little different, but it’s basically a percentage of spend you get and sometimes there is higher rewards in particular categories either on a product feature basis or on a promotion basis.Bradley G. Ball – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. And then one other. You had mentioned that other revenue were helped by higher loyalty partner revenues.
Daniel T. Henry: So we’ll be partnered as a substantial business. However it’s one business in a very large company, but they are performing nicely, very much in line with our expectations and it’s the one spot that we think is going to help us achieve our $3 billion target. As we said, we are kind of halfway through the timeframe of achieving that target, which we still think is appropriate. It will be different fee businesses like certified, royalty edge, royalty partner, revolver prepaid, that we’re looking forward to get us there. And as of 2012 we stood at $1.5 billion that was up 15% from the prior year. We recognized $3 billion an ambitious target particularly in a sluggish economy, and we had a fair amount of work to do as we go forward. Our royalty partner, reloadable prepaid are two examples of how we’re diversifying our base and we expect those to ramp up as we hit towards the end of 2014, which is when we’re shooting to be at a run rate of $3 billion.Bradley G. Ball – Evercore Partners Inc.: That’s great. Thanks.
Daniel T. Henry: Could you start the sentence again because I didn’t catch up with you?Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse Securities: Yeah, sure. Basically, you had said that with respect to reserving, that you kind of look at the forward kind of 12 month losses and if a quarter drops out that had higher losses and, in that exact analysis I mean taken literally, your losses are down 3% or 4%. So, kind of with the reserve drop we saw seems reasonable. How do you factor in the idea of growth because you've gone from 14 months of coverage at the current rate to 13 which kind of implies that you're not leaving as much room for either growth or any kind of deterioration in the existing rate.
Daniel T. Henry: No, we’re looking at the behavior of our portfolio right? And if you have loan growth, we’re assuming I guess apparently that loan growth will have a similar loss aspect to it as our existing book of business. And we’re not putting reserves on our books today for loans that we put on in the future. So, this is, what is the reserve you need for the loans that are already booked at this moment.Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse Securities: Got you. Okay. Thanks.
