Daniel Henry: So there are some aspects of the higher level of spending where we're investing that we believe are going to drive revenue growth going forward. So our investment in a higher level of sales force and client managers related to our Commercial Card business and Merchant business, those are going to continue. But we are confident in our ability to be successful, and those higher level expenses will be covered by revenues that we generate. We also are investing in fee services. So there the nature of the investment we make is different in marketing and promotion, which historically was the primary driver of future revenue growth. But if we're going to grow those businesses like Business Insights, we actually have to incur expenses that run through the operating line. So they're not going to go away. We will monitor our investments in some of these new fee revenues very closely. If they're successful, we'll invest more behind them. If they're not meeting our expectations, we'll dial back. So there are some that are going to continue on an ongoing basis. On the other hand, there are other investments that we're not incurring costs that are fixed, that give us the flexibility that we can dial them down as our benefit from either Visa, MasterCard or from improving credit start to weigh in. So there's really a mix within there. So I can't give you an exact percentage since they are different in nature, but we are watching this very closely. And we believe we have the ability to dial them up or down based on the resources that we have available, while still looking to achieve our financial targets on average and over time.
Daniel Henry: So we tried to add a few slides here to provide some additional information, because we knew this would be a focus that you would have since it's a focus that we have. On Slide 15, we tried to give some sense by using the different colors. So certainly, Global Services is a much larger expense base and, say, the additional costs that we're incurring related to regulatory cost, so we try to reflect that. In terms of variable tech SUP [ph], that line is up about $90 million. And on Slide 16, we tried to give you examples of some of the areas where we're spending above historic levels. And it really does go across the gamut from items like Business Insights that's going to drive revenues, to things like consolidating our A/R Platform that will enable us to be efficient from a cost perspective. So we're endeavoring to provide some additional information to give you some insight there. But in terms of exactly how you model where these expenses go, it's partly going to be driven by what's going to happen going forward in terms of the performance of credit. Actually the success we're having with the investments that we're making this year will all kind of calibrate around the level that will eventuate in 2011 and into 2012.
Daniel Henry: Yes, I think if you look back over time, historically, that's where we've been. I think expenses as a percentage of revenues will probably run at a slightly higher level over the last four years, the period during which we've been receiving our Visa and MasterCard payments. That's exactly what we said we were going to do. I think we executed against that, but I think 20% is not a precise forecast for the future. But if you think about on average and over time, it would be in that range.
Daniel Henry: So I think right now, we have consumers deleveraging. And so during the year, there were sometimes where loans were down from the high single digits, probably earlier in the year even more than that. So that is a headwind. At some point in the future, we'll start to grow. I don't think that it will go back to what it was like in '06 and '07 where loans were growing at the same rate as spending. I would estimate it will grow at a slower pace, but at some point, we'll start to get positive growth there. So that, combined with the levels of Billed business that we're seeing and growth in fee revenues, a combination of all those things, I think, will help get us back to high single digits. Now the other thing is in addition to the loan side impacting us, we're also being impacted this year as yields come down. So at some point, they're going to stabilize. So we have stable yield, some modest growth in loans combined with Billed business and new fee revenues, we think that can put as in a position that we'd like to be in.
Daniel Henry: So I don’t want to do and start forecasting here. I'm just trying to give you some sense about how we think about it kind of on average and over time.
Daniel Henry: So as you know, I will do a forecast here. I will say that Billed business volumes for the first portion of January are comparable to what we saw in the fourth quarter. I think as you think about where our volumes will go going forward, we've often talked about the fact that Billed business correlates pretty closely to GDP. So we for our planning purposes, always look at the blue chip consensus to give us a grounding in terms of how we think about the balance of the year. And then as that changes during the year, we calibrate up or down depending on what we're seeing in the economy. So in reality, the way we think about it and a good way for you to think about it would be to look at forecast of GDP or your own opinion about that is a good way to think about where our Billed business growth will go as we go forward.
Daniel Henry: Yes, we've always been very mindful that Visa and MasterCard will end at some point, which will be later in 2011. And we have used the opportunity from both Visa and MasterCard, as well as our improving performance in Billed business and credit, to take this opportunity to invest at high levels. If we're successful at that, that will generate revenues into the future, and that was always our strategy as we go forward. Will the mix of expenses shift a little bit to the extent fee business has become a bigger part of the total? That would happen because that's not driven by marketing promotion. We just have to see how that evolves over time. But we've been very mindful that at some point, the benefits that are correlated to credit will lessen. And that 2011 is the last year that we have the Visa and MasterCard payments.
Daniel Henry: I think we're in constant discussion with merchants. We are always having discussions about the value that we can bring them, how we can help them to be successful. And they are always looking to see that they pay the appropriate price for the service that we provide. So I don't think the discussions with the merchants have changed notably over the last several months at this juncture.
Daniel Henry: So many folks who have submitted to the Fed are looking to increase their dividend. I think as all of you know, we did not cut our dividend. But in our filing, we're starting from a position of strength from a Tier 1 common perspective. And in our submission, we requested that we could restart our share repurchase program. It's my understanding that they've committed to get back to companies by the end of March. And once we hear from them, if we get approval, then we would restart the share repurchase program. The guidance that we gave last summer when we were talking about where we said ROE, is that we would look on average and over time to return to shareholders about 50% of earnings through dividends and share repurchases and use about 50% to support the growth in our balance sheet and for bolt-on acquisitions.
Daniel Henry: Well, I think they should really get back to companies at least 10 days before the end of March. I think we'd be in our blackout period by then. So if that's the time when they get back to us, I would assume we would start the repurchase program in the second quarter.
Daniel Henry: I think our target is kind of an annual amount that we'd be targeting. So I would kind of be mindful of what our earnings were for the year and over the course of the year, look to get up to the 50% level.
Daniel Henry: As you know, we are investing at elevated levels in terms of marketing and promotion we have throughout this year. I think the improved position from a cards-in-force perspective is a result of the success of that acquisition. I think we're seeing the success of that in our Billed business numbers as well. We are focused on the premium segment, and to acquire premium Cardmembers are more expensive. So I don't think you'll see us move to high single-digit growth in cards-in-force. It's really about the quality of the customers that we're focusing on. And I think you're seeing that in our average spend, which is a major driver of Billed business. So I think it is the investments that's helping to improve cards-in-force and to drive spending on our network. So now also, we were kind of flat on the proprietary side. We continue to have good acquisition of cards by our GNS partners, which is up about 10%. And the two of those together averaged the 4% growth in cards-in-force that we saw.
Daniel Henry: So I didn't say it bottomed. I said it was migrating in accordance with the way we expected. If you go back in history, you would see that our margins at some points were kind of in the high eights, 8.8%, 8.9%. So part of it is still some additional migration to take place. But that's going to be impacted by the mix of our customers, and the mix of our receivables or loans has changed a little bit. We have a lot more transactors in the portfolio, so that could come into play as well. But it's pretty much on line with what our expectations are.
Daniel Henry: So on the capital side, I think when we put out our ROE target, we just had to make an assumption about capital levels. So we picked 10%. That wasn't a forecast for the future about where our minimum levels will be. I think as you know, to date the Fed hasn't even issued rules yet. But based on Basel, you would expect the minimum to be 7%, so 4.5% plus the buffer of 2.5%. Will this going to evolve over time? We're going to get a better sense over time about how they think about the countercyclical aspects as things will deteriorate. You may get a sense of what they look for from systemically large institutions. We know we're not part of the 19 global, but we are part of the 19 in the U.S. that they look at. So that will have some implication. So I don't want to pick a set number other than to say I think we would always want to have a capital position that gave us flexibility. And over time, we need to figure out exactly where that is. We feel relatively comfortable where we are today and even after the new Basel rules come into place. So we'll play that by ear as we go forward. As it relates to interchange, if anything, I would say the focus on credit interchange is probably less today than it was six or 12 months ago. So we don't see that imminently being on the horizon, although you never know what may take place. In terms of -- that's from a legislative point of view. From a marketplace point of view, I think we need to actually wait and see what the final rules are. And if they stay where they are, what would be the reaction of merchants? Will merchants look to shift, steer to debit or not? Some may decide to do it. They may decide not to do it, and I think we'll have to wait and see how that plays out in the marketplace. As we've discussed before, and many others have, there's a lot of complication in steering in terms of just the education within the firm that was going to do that, what the sharing of the benefit would be between consumers and the merchants. And then very importantly, what would be the reaction of customers to that. Would they be benign about it, or would they result in some consumers deciding to take their business elsewhere. All those things, which are a lot of things, need to play in the marketplace before we have clearer view about that.
Daniel Henry: So in the prepaid side, we've had very good growth in prepaid, although prepaid is a relatively small component of our total business. So we haven't broken that out. We think we have good capabilities and good products. In addition to that, Dan Schulman, who joined us recently, has a significant amount of experience in prepaid. So that will be a focus of ours going forward. At the moment, we don't have a plan to make any additional disclosures around that, but it is a space that we have done reasonably well over time. This past season we think was a good season, holiday season for gift cards across the industry and we participated in that. So we'll need to watch how the market place evolves, and we think we can play a significant role in that marketplace. In terms of discount rate, I think we've historically said that you could see a decline of two or three basis points per year over time as we pushed into everyday spend. And obviously, it depends on what rate we push in. Now you also know that over the past, really, two or three years, we haven't seen that rate of decline. As, when it's appropriate, we've talked to certain merchant categories about the value we bring and have agreed on higher pricing. So it's only been about, I guess, one basis point or so that we've seen. So that's kind of the way to think about it I think, and we'll see how the actual additional push into everyday spend goes and where there are pricing opportunities in the future, when it's appropriate from a value perspective and in certain categories.
Daniel Henry: I think Durbin dealt with the ability to steer. So before legislation, people could steer to cash by offering a discount. Durbin allows steering from credit to debit. The DOJ had to do with steering from credit-to-credit.
Daniel Henry: So our relationship with airlines has been long and important. They are very important merchant for us. I think we are a very important enabler for them in their business. So we have discussions with them on an ongoing basis each year and probably every quarter, and we'll continue to do that. We certainly talk to them about the value of the customers we bring. We have a strong Corporate Card business. We have a very affluent Consumer business. We have a strong position within small business. So all of those customers are not only our premier customers but their premium customers, and we work to really the mutual benefit of not only ourselves but then and our customers. So we look to strengthen the benefits that we give to our Cardmembers that are high spenders, many of those high spenders are frequent flyers. So for instance, recently we've ensured that we have lounge access with US Air. We have a program to waive baggage fees. We don't waive them, but we reimburse them to the extent that they incur them. So this is a very important merchant category for us that we are very focused on as I said. And the airlines are very focused on because it's important to them as well.
Daniel Henry: Internationally, I think we've seen pockets on smaller airlines where they have had a differentiated charge depending on what your payment method is. It's not widespread though. It's generally been on some of the non-major airlines.
Daniel Henry: I think anytime you lose $1 of revenue, it's an impact on your business, but it has not been significant.
Daniel Henry: So this is just one of the many pieces of our funding. And we want to keep a balance between our deposit program, unsecured and securitization because loans have not been growing. There haven't been a need for issuances of large amounts in either unsecured or the securitization area. But we'll continue to fund using all three sources even though they have somewhat different pricing. We want to have the right price, but we also want to have diversity, and we also want to have the right duration in our funding sources. So certainly, deposits is a good funding source for us. Although on average and over time, the cost of funds and deposits is about the same as that you would find in the unsecured and secured space. When rates are low, deposits are a little more expensive. When rates are high, deposits are a little less expensive. But our main focus is to have the right mix and diversity of funding over time.
Daniel Henry: So I wasn't attempting to forecast at all for 2012. I was trying to be helpful in terms about how you think about next year. I suspect that in next year, we continue to have Visa and MasterCard benefits. And so we'll spend at higher levels. We'll likely have credit benefits as well, not at the same level we have this year. So all those things enable us to continue to spend, to help drive our business. As I said before, we also have to look and see how our fee services initiatives play out. And you could see some mix change in expenses between historical amount and the mix between marketing and promotion and operating expense. But that will play out over some period of time.
Daniel Henry: So I think all investments we have even if it's an acquisition of Cardmembers, generally, in the first year, we have a loss because of the acquisition cost. It breaks even, starts to turn profitable kind of in the second year. When you look at sales force, you need to bring people in. You need to train them. There's an experience building process. So again, that takes probably 18 months or more to get a good payback. When you're building a new business, there's a requirement for investment before you actually start to get momentum. So I think all these investments take a little while before they actually start to payback regardless to which category it is.
Daniel Henry: Yes, so that's across a broad spectrum of areas. Part of it is technology, part of it is moving forward some of our fee service investments. The good part about that line is it would tend to be more variable than other lines. And in part, we utilize that line for that very reason. So we had the ability to moderate it when appropriate. So I think there's a fair amount of flexibility in the line. There's some base in there that it's not, but I think the increase that you've seen is largely variable in nature.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So I mean, I think if you think of the old model, where we were spending against charge, co-brand and a broad spectrum of proprietary lending, it costs significantly less to bring in a card that's going to spend $1,000 or $1,500 a year, it costs significantly more to bring in a card that is anywhere near our average spend per Cardmember. So our focus is really on the premium end. And so I don't think we'll return to high single-digit growth in cards-in-force. But to the extent -- and in every quarter, we have some attrition as we always have. So I think the key for us is bringing in the right customers that are in line with our strategy, that will enable us to improve the risk profile of our balance sheet. And at the same time, enable us to grow our Billed business at a rate that enables us to achieve our long-term financial targets.
Daniel Henry: So the vast majority of our cards in the U.S. are all variably priced. In international, I think the majority are variably priced, but not to the same degree that would be true in the U.S. But if you look at our total loans of $51 billion, the vast majority are variably priced at the end of the day. In terms of managed revenue growth, that's at about 4%. I think we're benefiting from the Billed business side, but certainly the loan side, a combination of the yield and the actual loan balances have a very dampening effect. Although we do think over time, we can get revenues back up into the high single digits. And by doing that, we think we can achieve our financial targets over time.
Daniel Henry: So I don't think there's any specific issues. I think our international tax rate has always been very low, and it really has to do with how we do our internal allocations that really drives that lower tax rate. But our all-in tax rate within the company was really driven by some of the permit [ph] differences we have and the tax strategies that we have in place, which have been in place for a number of years. So there's nothing unique in this quarter related to taxes.  So I'll take one last question.
Daniel Henry: So I think acquisitions are going to be part of our business model going forward. I think we're generally going to focus on bolt-on acquisitions that support our strategy. I think the acquisitions that we've made so far ranging from Revolution Money and now Serve that will enable our digital strategy. I think it certifies a very good example where we can make an acquisition and leverage it to the benefit of both merchants and ourself. I think Loyalty Partners is the same thing. We're going to leverage our loyalty knowledge, our relationship with merchants, our global reach to take Loyalty Partners to a level that would have been difficult for them to do without the acquisition. And I think we'll continue to look and see what other acquisitions of that type we can do going forward. I would say that we've made great strides in terms of our capabilities in the digital space, although I think we will continue to look to build onto those capabilities to make the Serve platform even stronger and have greater utility in the marketplace as we go forward. So we want to use marketing promotions, we want to use operating expense to help grow the business organically. But we want to use the strong capital generation capabilities that the firm has and our strong capital position to also help further the strategies that we've been articulated to you.  Okay. So thanks, everybody, for joining the call, and have a very pleasant evening.
