Steve Squeri: Yeah, so thanks, Sanjay. Let me start with Delta first. I think, as Delta makes changes, we're in lockstep with them all the way. And, one of the great things about having Delta as a partner is they're a very customer-focused organization. And they made some changes. The team got some reaction and I think they made some other changes which I think will be -- and have been received in a very good fashion. But as far as spending or card acquisition, it has had zero impact. So we haven't seen anything from a card spending on Delta or from a card acquisition. In fact, Delta card spending year-over-year was up almost 20%. So we feel pretty good about that. As far as the US consumer, and let's just talk about the US consumer and international consumer, it's still strong. We had 9% US consumer spending, 6% growth on goods and services, 13% growth on T&E, and that continues to be very strong off a high base. And from an international perspective, we've seen 15% spending from an International Card Services perspective and strong both from a goods and services and a T&E perspective. And I think it's important that I'll remind everybody, our card base is a really small piece of the overall US economy. And one of the reasons we have such great credit metrics is we have a really high-quality Card Member. And so at this point in time, they have not been impacted by anything. But the other thing that I would say is, you probably had the same question at this time last year. And I probably gave you the same answer. And right now, look, we can only manage the business for what we're seeing in our business, which is still strong growth. And we use the Blue Chip economic forecast. And that calls for pretty much more of the same. So in a steady state macro environment, I feel really good about, delivering on our plan. As Christophe said, we are well positioned and as I said in my remarks, we're well positioned to continue to deliver on our growth plan.
Steve Squeri: You actually only asked one, you just put it in multiple parts. [Technical Difficulty] Yeah right. We'll leave that one alone. But when you look at our model, there are many ways for us to grow revenue. We grow revenue from a billing perspective, we grow revenue from a card fee perspective, and we do grow revenue from a lending perspective. The current revenue growth that we have, the current billings growth that we have, is in line with what our long-term growth aspirations are. So where we are from a billings growth perspective, we feel really good about that. From a fee perspective, and I like to point this out, is that the major driver of our fee revenue is actually new card acquisition. It's not raising fees, it's really new card acquisition. And we -- look, we've invested approximately $5.5 billion this year. We'll probably step that up next year. So we're very confident in our card acquisition as Christophe said, there are a lot of great opportunities out there for us. And from a lending perspective, and we've mentioned this multiple times, our book today, we believe, is better than our book was in 2019. And if our Card Members continue to lend responsibly, and our Card Members have various needs at various points in time, and I think it's that model, it's our three-legged stool of revenue, which will continue to provide confidence that we're going to be able to deliver double digit revenue growth next year.
Steve Squeri: Yeah, I think this is probably the second quarter in a row it's been low growth. I think a lot of it -- a lot of our high growth was really driven by organic growth and we haven't seen as much organic growth from a small business perspective. I think from an acquisition perspective, we're still very happy about the opportunities that are out there. We're still happy about the lending opportunities that are out there. And I think small businesses went through a very interesting cycle over the last few years in terms of not having a lot of inventory and then stocking up on inventory. And so we're still very positive on small business, albeit the last two quarters were relatively slow, but we share your perspective that it's still a huge opportunity for us. And it's a big part of our business from a billings perspective. And to remind people, our small business footprint is across a variety of small businesses, whether it's restaurant and retail or professional services and construction and so forth. So we still feel good about it and I think that we'll see just when organic does come back but we're still very positive on small business.
Steve Squeri: No. I think, it comes down to timing. And what happens is quarters happen to cut off on particular days, and that's just the way it is. But no, we're committed to the $5.5 billion overall approximately of marketing. You saw a slight sequential drop. I think we went under the 3 million for the first time in a while. And we look at account growth as, or cards acquired from an overall revenue perspective, but we still see tremendous opportunities out there, which is why we've sort of signaled here, more than signaled, we said we're going to raise our marketing expense for next year as well. So, no, we're not seeing anything at all. That gives us pause. And we will continue to acquire those cards as long as those opportunities are out there. So you will see a higher level of marketing spending in the next quarter.
Steve Squeri: Yeah, look as far as [Fed now] (ph), I think let's just go to the UK. UK's had open banking for 10 years or so and it's really had no impact on our business either positively or negatively. So I don't really see this as a -- as either a big threat or a big opportunity. And I think what I'd like to take you back, Bill, to is what product we're actually offering. We're offering a membership model product basically, which has lots of different components other than just commodity paying. And our product has so many more benefits from a security perspective, a fraud perspective, a dispute perspective than an open banking product would have. And so I really don't see this, a, as either an opportunity or as a threat to our business, either in the short term or in the long term. I will turn the other question over to Christophe.
Steve Squeri: The only other point I'll add is that within our value propositions, because of our really premium card base, lots and lots of partners want to work with us and include benefits within our value propositions to reach our Card Members. And so, you know, when you look at the overall value proposition, it's just not rewards-based. It is partner-based, and there are different mechanisms from a funding perspective of how that all works out. So that's part and parcel of our value proposition as well.
Steve Squeri: Right. And if you go back to the pandemic, we were growing in the 10% to 11%. And so when you look at the outsized -- what's called the outsized growth rates that we had in Q3 and Q4 of 2022, you did -- you had not acquired cards in really in 2020. And so when you got to that amortization in the third and fourth quarter of 2021, it was lower. So the growth rate was a little bit higher as we got in there. But look, we're pretty happy with 19% growth rate over numbers that continue to get bigger.
Steve Squeri: Yeah, so let me sort of just hit from a strategic perspective of what we're trying to do and even at $10 billion it's still a relatively small piece. One of the things we try to do from a small business perspective is to make sure that we can provide a variety of working capital needs to our small business customers. And in that case, it can be non-card loans for working capital, it can be shorter term loans for up to two years or so forth. And I think part of that was the overall Kabbage acquisition that we did to be able to do that because what we wanted to do, and it goes along with what we did with sort of our checking account as well, is we wanted to make sure that we could provide for small businesses a host of products and services from having to check a transaction account, having a lending product, having a charge product, and then having working capital loans. And so I think that really fits in. But that's not the driver of growth for us in that segment. From a consumer perspective, what we've continued to try to do is to really grow our organic footprint with our consumers. And you can go back in history, it started as a charge card and then we put lending and then we put pay-over-time and plan it within the product and came up with a savings account and a debit product and also a small component of personal loans. And so, we've been judicious and careful about how we've gone about that. But I think it's an important add to make sure that our customers are not going to our competitors when they need products and services like that. So that's the sort of strategic sort of backdrop on why we have that.
Christophe Le Caillec: And maybe, Ryan, I can add one point on the lending side. As Steve said, we have a premium customer base and we grow in lending of that premium customer base. 70% of the balances are coming from established Card Members that we know well. So, those Card Members we know revolve with competitors' products and historically we under-index on that. We capture a big share of their spend, a smaller share of that lending. And what we're doing here is just deepening the relationship with them and capturing a bigger share of their revolving needs.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah, yeah. So the trend -- there is like still a bit of normalization going on. So, if you look at our delinquency rates, they're fairly flat. If you squint a little bit, you're going to see a couple of basis points increase. And that's effectively what I meant when I said that you should expect that reserve rate to increase a little bit. There's still a little bit of normalization happening here, but as you know well, those delinquency rates and write-off rates are very strong relative to our historical performance and of course, relative to peers. So there's nothing that gives me concern in that comment. It's just to preempt a little bit what we are seeing.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah, so this is, as you know, a complicated set of rules, like over a thousand pages. So let me try to summarize it for you and the way we are thinking about Basel III. I think the right starting point is to remind ourselves that, first, we generate a lot of capital ROE in the 30% range. The second element of the starting point is that although our regulatory capital is at 7%, CET1 at 7%, we actually operate with a target of 10% to 11% percent. So that's 300 to 400 basis point north of the regulatory level. And what I meant to say -- my comment was to say that that buffer could be consumed by the Basel III rules if they are adopted as currently drafted. Another way of saying the same thing is that our level of capital today is very healthy given those rules. I also need to highlight the fact that in the rules themselves, the regulators pause some questions about the applicability of these rules to businesses such as ours, and they reference the charge card, for instance, business. And as you know, over 75%, 78% of our revenue comes from fees, but those fees are stable, visible, such as card fees that we talked about a bit earlier. And we are actively engaged with the regulators to figure out what's the right thing to do here. So we'll see where we land. No one knows. But for now, I don't expect any change to our near-term capital management policies and practices.
Christophe Le Caillec: So on Basel, Bill, there are various things that we're discussing with regulators. I don't think it would be useful to go through the list here this morning on the call. But you raise either an important element here, which is that nothing is really changing in our business, right? We're still doing the exact same thing. And so we need to figure out with regulators what the right level of capital here and not be dependent upon accounting treatment or anything like that. So, too early to discuss this in detail. When we have more clarity, we'll provide you with a ton of out of Basel III detail.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah. So, yes, and our total VCE, I called out, was lower this quarter at 40%. So as you know, variable card member engagement and rewards is the biggest number there. It's a very large expense base. So we're constantly looking at when we do product refreshes, when we launch products, we're looking at ways to make sure that these value proposition works best and we price for this. And there's always changes, there's always changes as well in terms of how the Card Members choose to redeem their points from one quarter to another. As you know, we are also adding constantly new redemption partners that change the mix in terms of their weighted average cost per point. So there’s, at any point in time, a lot of variables that will impact that ratio. We are very focused on making sure that we have the right ratio versus revenue and we also have the right value proposition that would be compelling in the marketplace. So it's a little bit lower this quarter. I think we said 42% for the full year because we are seeing it's a bit better as well from a full year standpoint. It's still going to be an area of investments for us. It drives a lot of growth as well. That's one of the key reason why Card Members sign up for the cards and engage with it. And we're going to keep working on those value propositions and make sure that we have the right balance here.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah, yeah. So we're not going to give you a lot of details about 2024 on this call. We plan to do that at the beginning of next year when we speak about 2024 guidance. But what I can tell you is that the starting point for us of our credit performance and all our credit decisions is the quality of the products and the fact that it attracts premium Card Members. That's the starting point, right? We have a very talented risk organization. We have a very disciplined execution of our risk decision, but it starts with the quality of the product and that's the key differentiator vis-a-vis our peers and that's what we are focused on. And as you know, we've said this many times on this call, if anything, we are focused even more on the premiumness of the portfolio. We are -- the new Card Members, because you're talking about the vintages, the new Card Members we're bringing in, 70% of those consumer Card Members are joining the franchise on a fee-paying product. That's a big statement to join the franchise. And so, that's what we used to start projecting out. There's still, as I've said before, there's still a little bit of either COVID noise and normalization going on, but we are very pleased with our credit performance that we're seeing. And as you pointed out, the gap versus competitors, if anything, is increasing further.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah, yeah. So on the yield, the key thing here, there are many moving parts, right? There are, as you know, in terms of the funding, in terms of their pricing, in terms of their various vintages. But the key, the biggest element that is driving that small increase in the yield is the revolve rate. So the share, the revolving balances, the interest-bearing balances in our total loan balances is actually is increasing a little bit. And that's an outcome of our tenured Card Members rebuilding their balances, which is something we've called out for several quarters now. And I just want to point out again that most of that growth is coming from, most of that growth, i.e. 70%, is coming from tenured Card Members that we know well and we can underwrite well. So that's the key driver behind the yield improvement. When it comes to card fees, you're right. We have good visibility because we amortize those fees over 12 months. So we see that trend. So you should expect that trend to continue a little bit, i.e., the growth rate to moderate. As I said, a key driver to this is going to be the cycle of product refreshes. And it's also going to be a function of us investing more marketing dollars, bringing on more fee paying Card Members. And that dynamic is just going to play out. So you should expect in the next few quarters, a bit of a moderation there, but I need to call out that it's a moderation from a very high level and as we used to say on this call, even during the pandemic, that specific category was still growing so it's still going to grow strongly in double digits.
