Steve Squeri: So, Sanjay, let me sort of start out and maybe get the first part of the question. Look, what we have really focused on, and not just this year, but over the last couple of years, is we've really focused in on investing. We've invested in value for our card members. We've really invested in value propositions and we've certainly invested in coverage. And Jeff will talk about sort of discount rate, but you've seen discount revenue. But when you look at the -- you look at our growth, it's across the board.  You've got double digit growth in every billing segment that we report with the exception of GNS, which has the issues as we wind down Australia, wind down Europe, but whether it's small and middle market in the US, even large and global accounts, certainly, international, both consumer and small business was really high double digit and double digit growth rates and with SME up in the 20% and US consumer as well and, look, we continue to grow our lending book judiciously, not only in the US, but in international.  So, I think, we’ve spoken in times that, maybe from an organic perspective, there is a little bit of the economy, but certainly, we believe that the investments that we're making are really driving this sustainable, what we believe, is sustainable growth. And we believe our value propositions are resonating with what would be our traditional customers and what I think a lot of people are surprised at as millennials. And so it really is across the board growth.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. Look, I think what we have said is, we have lots of great investment opportunities and we're going to take advantage of those investment opportunities and those opportunities are not only within our commercial business and consumer business, but they’re broad based. And so what you will continue to see us do is investing in card acquisition and you will continue to see a focus on investing and coverage. And we believe that, as we have invested in coverage here in the United States, it has made a huge difference and you’re seeing that play out in discount, you've seen that play out in billed business growth and you’ve seen that played out in discount revenue growth and we're not at where we want to be, even in the United States at this particular point in time, as we've said, we want to get to virtual parity coverage by the end of 2019.  And so, you will continue to see us focus there and you continue to see us focus internationally on coverage, which there is a relationship between improved coverage and driving billed business and the more billed business if you think about our spend centric model, then you actually can drive -- continue to drive the revenue growth that we're also getting from lending. So bottom line is, we're going to be investing for share and for scale, as we continue moving forward.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. I think for large and global, it was a particularly good quarter. I think, there are some -- we will have some grow over issues as we move forward. But what you're seeing is a little bit more diversification in terms of we're getting some more B2B within that space. But we also continue to see our large corporates and our global accounts continue to spend in the T&E space. So we're really happy with the sort of the double digit growth. It's not something that we've experienced in quite a while. In fact, if you go back a few quarters, you saw this sort of at a 2% level, at a negative level and we've had that uptick, partially due our focus on B2B, but also due to increased T&E spending with our large and corporate accounts.
Steve Squeri: So let me first just remind you, we're now four years into growing a little faster than the industry, because of our unique focus on capturing a bigger share of our own customers’ borrowing behaviors, which frankly we've historically under penetrated and that's why we have sixty percent of our loan growth coming from our existing customer base. I point out if take that growth out, you'd be growing at about at the industry. It's why four years into this exercise, we still buy quite a stretch the best in class credit metrics and credit has consistently performed. As we have told people, it would, so we feel really good about the growth and we actually think we have a very, very long runway to continue to grow a little faster than the industry. On CECL, Betsy, I'm afraid, I'm not going to give you a lot of insights that are much different from what others have said. If you look at our card lending look, I would suggest that you are liable to see larger reserves that are somewhere in the range of what you've heard others talk about somewhere in the 10%, 20%, maybe a little higher percent range. What is unique about us, as you point out, is we are the only financial institution in the world that has a really large charge card franchise that obviously has some different dynamics in the CECL world. Frankly, we're still working through that partly because of our uniqueness. There's a lot to work through with regulators and auditors and accounting authorities.  The net of all that, we’ll have to see. I guess I will go on record as saying we're one of the great majority of financial institutions who think that there is incredible complexity to this accounting standard. There's probably also some pro-cyclicality which may be the opposite of what the regulators set out to accomplish when they went down this path. And, we'll have to see what that means overall.  We’d also hope, but boy, it's way too early to say that this is a pure accounting change, which you would think shouldn't effect ratings, shouldn't affect capital requirements, although there are certainly no commitments out there right now from the Fed or the rating agencies to in fact take that approach. So, I think there's still a lot of discussion to have on this, Betsy. And I actually see that discussion growing a little bit in the industry as well as in DC. I will say like most other institutions, in 2019, we'll be running parallel and that's really when we'll be able to give people more specific insights.
Steve Squeri: So, look, as we look at Europe, as you know we're outside of the regulation but our competitors aren't and so we still have a premium. Our business in Europe is very different. It is a corporate card SME, really high end consumer business which merchants value and when you look at that business, that's a business that's grown in the high high-double digits at this particular point for us all across the board, international and in Europe. So I don't see that happening and I don't see us having actually the exact same coverage needs that we do in the United States, but what we will do is we will use discount rate as a tool to provide coverage where we need coverage whether that be B2B, where there is a different value equation. And remember again here is where the integrated model helps us out because we have both sides of that equation and especially in Europe because we're not able to use sort of the same models we have in the United States and as we need small merchants, we may run our own what I’d call our own theoretical ARPU program here from a pricing perspective, but other than that I don't see us -- I see us maintaining that premium. And again I wouldn't look at that as it relates and we don't share this obviously but I wouldn’t look at that as it relates to the discount rate in Europe. I would look at us using that discount rate as a tool to get coverage when and where we need it.
Steve Squeri: Let me go with the second one first here. I think we'll be launching the Amazon product soon. And we have a range of – look, we have a range of small business products. We have a Delta co-brand, a Hilton co-brand, a Marriott co-brand, a Lowe's co-brand and now we have an Amazon c-brand and in addition to proprietary products and the proprietary products whether those be cash back with charge products or what have you and a lot of our customers actually use multiple products. You will see small businesses that use a corporate card product, you will see small businesses that use a Marriott product and use an Amex simply cash product. And I think the beauty of the Amazon and Delta, Marriott and so forth and so on is that we provide small businesses the opportunity to use the variety of products that meet their needs and meets their rewards needs and spending needs and so forth. And so our view is I'd rather have that sort of arsenal of products all under the American Express umbrella than certainly have to compete there. And it'll be -- you may see customers that have our small business product today, also get the Amazon product just like they also got to Marriott product. And so I just think it's one of the ways that we will continue to drive our billings and drive our position in commercial payments in the US. As far as your first question, when you look at the SME segment internationally and then I'll get into consumer, when you look at the SME segment internationally which is a relatively newer segment that is being penetrated here is the vantages of global scale. What we're able to do is leverage our global infrastructure, leverage our global footprint, leverage everything that we have in our commercial business in the United States and our global business outside the United States and we've been driving that business and the way we drive that business is we drive it in multiple ways. We drive that from a telesales perspective and in-person sales perspective and a digital perspective. And the reality is, we see that as a large growth opportunity and when you look at that business for us, right now we are growing that primarily on from a billings perspective but over time there will be a working capital component we believe to that base that we have. From a consumer perspective, American Express has been a premium product brand outside the United States for many years and, look, we are continuing to inject value and what’s really interesting about our business outside the United States is that in a lot of places or in a lot of cases our fees that we charge to our consumers are actually higher than they are in the United States and the services that we provide are on par even or even better. So we see that opportunity still as a growth opportunity for us and as we continue to increase the coverage we believe spending will increase as well.
Steve Squeri: I think it really gets down to how we inject value and I think Jeff is right. I mean, we look at multiple levers to do that and I think as we continue to get more customers, as we continue to get more of their billings, it provides that platform to do more things with them as we continue to develop more and more products and services. So again our strategy here is really about more share, really about more relevance and really about more scale and we believe that's the right lever for us to pull at this particular point in time.
Steve Squeri: The only thing I would say is that and I've said this before in meetings and at our analysts calls and so forth it is important for us to have a broader relationship with our customers and if they're going to go and borrow money someplace else, that also provides the possibility of them spending someplace else as well. So it really is important, which is why it is important for us from a small business perspective to continue to talk about and expand what we're doing with small businesses whether that’d be cross border payments, whether that be merchant financing, 90 day working capital loans and things like that because they do have other options and it really is important especially in a world where things are still accessible from a digital perspective that they don't look at us as a one trick pony and that they're looking at us as a source of their -- and look, this applies from a small business perspective and a consumer perspective as a source of their working capital needs and that's what we're really trying to do and so that's why the sort of messaging. And you see this a little bit with some of our advertising. When you look at it and you see somebody applying for a loan, a small loan online as they're watching TV, so you're going to continue to see us expand what we're doing with our customers.
Steve Squeri: I guess, Rick, I am going to come back to, remember the diversity of our product portfolio US, international, consumer, small business, lots of different cards, people borrow on the platinum card, they borrow on every day cards, those kinds of generalizations. I am just not sure we -- frankly we don't look at the world that way because of the diversity of our base. I'm just going to come back to, we see a long runway to continue what we're doing here.
Steve Squeri: The Amex of old, the Amex of today, from a numbers perspective, we're in a very different environment as Jeff just said. We're in a different environment competitively, we're in a different environment from a regulatory perspective. We're in different mindset too though and I think that mindset that we have is it is really important that we continue to grow our share and we continue to grow our relevance and scale. And you don't need any more proof of that than what we've been doing from a coverage perspective and just how important it is. And what we've been doing from a value injection perspective with our card members and so we're going to continue to do that as well as continue to build capabilities so that we can expand our relationships with them. So we believe the right way to win is to really focus in as we both said, on higher revenue growth with a narrowing of that revenue and that EPS number, but just to point out, it is with a lot higher revenue growth.
Steve Squeri: So, look, I think what you saw today really is a multifaceted expansion of our relationship with PayPal our relationship with PayPal goes way back. They are a huge partner of ours from a acquiring merchant perspective, they're a leader in the digital space. I think that's very, very clear. My perspective is it always made sense for us to sort of expand our relationship with them and, look, Dan and the team are really great to work with. I have a long term relationship with Dan. We worked really well together here. And the teams as we went through this what we tried to think about is ways we could add incremental value to American Express, ways we could add incremental value to our merchants, ways we could add incremental value to PayPal and ways we could add incremental value to our card members. And so when you think about sort of this integration within the app or within the wallet, the one thing that you realize is, the more seamless you can make things, the easier it is for your card members, your customers to transact. I mean when you think about merchants, for example, one of the things that they look for is to make sure that they don't use shopping carts and that they make sure it is easy as possible online and not shopping carts in the supermarket but online and what we wanted to make sure is that we can make it as seamless as possible for our card members to be loaded in their card into PayPal because PayPal offers us a tremendous expansion of our network today. And so, to be able to make those millions of merchants of available to our court members in a more seamless way is a win-win for everybody. It's a win-win for merchants, it's a win-win for us, it's a win-win for PayPal, it’s a win-win for card members. As far as you know the American Express pay with points and how many card members will use those points at PayPal merchants, this is the most valuable bank of points anywhere in the world bar none. It’ a behemoth and the reality is that we are looking for more ubiquity. Our card members use points for a variety of things at a variety of places and this just expands that ubiquity. And it is going to be good for merchants, it's going to be good for our card members. Can I put a number around it? I can't put a number around it, but the reality is I think this will be an uptick in points burn. I think this will be an uptick in card member satisfaction. I think it's going to be an uptick in merchant satisfaction as well so we're really pleased with this and obviously there will be more announcements as we move along from a timing perspective and what have you. But we're really excited about this expansion of strategic partnership.
Steve Squeri: So if you look at it right, our card members are looking for value and our experiences is that card members will pay for value and so what you’ve seen is, lots of value injection and that value injection takes many forms. I mean, when we look at card member engagement cost, you look at some fixed cost which could be your allowances and things like that which get consumed as people go through, but they don't get charged on the variable basis. You look at rewards cost and you look at deals we may do with some of our merchant partners where both of us can bring value to that equation as well. And so our belief is, if you are bringing value, you should charge for that value and there's no better proof in the pudding than when in a very, very difficult competitive environment with the launch Chase Sapphire, we put in a $100 increase in our in our platinum card and so attrition goes down and so our acquisition go up and so more acquisition go up from a millennial perspective as well and reality is, that’s all due to value. People will pay for value and American Express is known as a brand that does provide value and so where we have opportunities to raise our fees, we will raise our fees and we did that just with the gold card, we've done that in various international markets, but we’ve injected value and when you inject value, the other benefit of injecting value is people who use the card more. When they use the card more, they spend more. When they spend more, you give them an opportunity to revolve more. So it's a virtuous cycle as far as we're concerned and we're going to continue to pursue that strategy as well.
Jeff Campbell: The only thing I'd add on that, Sanjay and then I’ll talk about discount rate is, we did talk going actually all the way back to the January call, about the fact that late in last year's fourth quarter, we did see a noticeable uptick in what we would call organic growth and we really can't particularly attribute that last little uptick to anything other than the economy and it’s sustained itself this year, though not further accelerated. So, there's a modest boost from economic growth, but I think all of the factors Steve talked about are the much larger drivers for us. On discount rate, Sanjay, you have enough history to know that for many years, we used to talk about a 2 to 3 basis point a year decline and this average, discount rate due to mix, people hitting volume triggers, et cetera. In fact, if you look at history, it was used in more 1 to 2. And then for a couple of years now, we've said because of [indiscernible], because of regulation in Europe and Australia, because of a few strategic agreements we've done, that has driven it down an unusual amount, but all those you see this quarter are beginning to fade. Now, I'm not going to give you guidance for the future beyond that, because I think Steve and I have been very clear this year that our focus is on driving discount revenue growth and so we're going to make decisions sometimes that leverage our integrated business model, if we think they're going to drive discount revenue growth and we're not going to worry about the average discount rate. What I would say is, we feel good within any given category of merchants about the stability of the rates and about where we are.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I’ll make a few comments and then Steve you can add. Look, I think, Steve and I couldn’t have been clear about the focus we have on sustaining the kind of revenue growth that you have now seen for six consecutive quarters. And of course, that revenue growth is coming from a mixture of great billings growth, steady loan growth, steady growth in all the fees that we generate and the key to sustaining the overall revenue growth we have is we see a long runway to sustain growth in all three areas. So I would say, we're not particularly trying to drive or forecast or suggest acceleration from where we are. We feel really good about the share and scale gains that we're getting with our performance right now and that's what we’re focused on sustaining.
Jeff Campbell: Let me make a financial comment, Steve and then you can cover on the strategy. One caution James and one for you and really for everyone is we pull different levers at different times in different geographies and different parts of our business. And one of the reasons why we flipped a while back to talking broadly about card member engagement costs which includes rewards, which includes business development, payments to partners, traditional marketing and it includes cost of card member services, although I would point out that's by far the smallest component is because at different times the growth rates are going to vary across those three depending on what we think is going to produce best return. So I encourage you to look in many ways across all three of those categories, but we've been pretty clear today that, look, those have been growing a little faster than revenue. But we actually feel great about the revenue growth that that's generating. We feel great about the platform that provides a pretty steady double digit EPS growth and we think it is allowing us to build scale and relevance in a way that quite frankly we haven’t in a number of years.
Jeff Campbell: Well, you know, we will have to give you a, of course, much more thorough answer in 90 days when we are on the January call and will provide a lot of commentary on 2019. But, look, I’d make a few comments. As you very well understand, provision is affected by a lot of things including sequential rates of growth in your loan. So in a world though where, let's say, our loan growth in 2019 roughly looks like where it is today. I think what you're seeing in our trends of late is we're getting past some of the more dramatic seasoning that we had to get go through and we're starting to get to the point where your provision growth will begin to asymptote down, all else being equal, towards your loan growth rate. Now we are growing loans in the mid-teens, so that tells you that you should expect the provision to at least grow at that level even as we maintain the kind of credit performance that we've had. But we feel really good about the economics we've been getting from four years of growing lender a little faster than the industry but I think we can do this in the current kind of economic climate for many years to come.
Jeff Campbell: I think, Rick, the thing that I always keep trying to bring people back to is, historically our customers don't think of American Express as a place to do their borrowing on a card and that's why Doug Buckminster, Steve, myself, we talk a lot about the statistic in the US consumer segment which is where most of our lending is, that we capture roughly 50% of our customers spending behaviors and only 25% of their borrowing behavior. So what we have consistently worked at now for the last few years is trying to do lots of different things in marketing and product and pricing, in incentives to try to change that mindset and that's why 60% of our loan growth is coming from our existing customers, it's why we're able to keep credit metrics at the levels that I was just talking about in response to Moshe's question and it's why we think we can keep at this for a long time.
Jeff Campbell: Well, Mark, it’s a very good question and let me just maybe be clear with everyone. So Steve and I were very clear on the call that we are focused on sustaining the kind of high levels of revenue growth we have. We think we have a good runway to do that and we think it's a great basis to produce double digit EPS growth. If you look at Q2 and Q3, though, just to look at some actual results and there's a little complexity to the taking out the impact of the Tax Act. But if you do take the impact of the Tax Act out, you see 9% to 10% EPS growth in those two quarters and you see 10% to 12% EPS growth excluding the impact of the tax. In history, to your point, 2012 to 2014 we were getting very little revenue growth, 4%, frankly losing share, losing some scale. But we’ve squeezed 11% EPS growth out of that. Pre-crisis, you saw some numbers like that. We don't think that's the right way to run the company in the current competitive and regulatory environment. We don't think that produces the kind of sustainable foundation. It’s going to build scale and relevance and share that will allow us to really sustain double digital EPS growth.
Jeff Campbell: Other than if you look at sort of blip during the credit crisis, the financial crisis, the closed loops is a secret sauce. It is the secret sauce from a fraud perspective, it is a secret sauce from an underwriting perspective, it's a secret sauce from a targeting perspective upfront and who you acquire. And reality is that good credit starts right at the beginning of the funnel in terms of who you're targeting, who you're letting in, how much money you're lending and all of that is all about sort of how we continue to invest in our machine learning capabilities and our data capabilities and all that's really powered by the closed loop and all the data that we have. So it has been a tremendous advantage for us from day one. The other thing I will add on this is that the other thing that's really important within the closed loop which absolutely has nothing to do with the closed loop is preset spending limit. And so when we look at our machine learning capability, it also helps to drive just how we set that no preset spending limit. And one of the huge advantages that we have is in small business space because in the small business space, small businesses use credit card products as a form of working capital whether it’s charge or whether it's lending and to be able to set a no preset spending limit where we are dynamically determining what the level of spend is based upon data from millions of small businesses and historical data and so forth is a huge advantage to us as well. So, look, there's many models that are out there in this business. There is a PayPal model, Visa, MasterCard model, there is JPMorgan Chase model. Our model is unique and the uniqueness is, it’s integrated. That integration gives you the closed loop, the closed loop gives you data, it gives you relationships on either side and it gives you the ability to have the -- to play with the economics which becomes even more important down the road from a B2B perspective. So closed loop is key for us.
