Jeffrey Campbell: So all good questions, Sanjay. Thank you. So the points I was trying to make in my remarks were we can now give you a little bit information and are trying to help you understand what's going on in Canada where there was no portfolio sale, where we were able to reissue cards with, in fact, the same card number and where we're pleased that we're tracking to retain over half of the outer store spend. As I give people that detail, I think it's really important to realize that, that is a completely different situation from what may happen in the U.S. And if you assume there is a portfolio sale in the U.S. where all the card members are automatically moved to new cards from a new issuer. Then if you assume that in general, these contracts, to your point, Sanjay, have restrictions around marketing, I want to caution people that you would expect to get a very, very different outcome from what is happening in Canada and if that's the way the U.S. were to play out. When you think about a portfolio sale and assuming there’s a gain, we've been, I think, consistent for quite some time in saying that we would use that gain, or at least portions of that gain, to help fund continued spending on a variety of growth initiatives. And when you think about our company and our growth opportunities, we have many, many opportunities to grow in every part of our business in every part of the globe. And so the efforts we may or may not make at times around Costco card members are just one small piece of what is a much broader pie of opportunities we see to really effectively continue to spend at elevated levels, marketing, promotion and certain other things. So I wouldn't overly try to tie, Sanjay, the elevated levels of spending with any particular segment, including the Costco segment. It's really an elevated level of funding that we are applying to the best opportunities we have, which occur all across our business. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, I think the way I would think about it, Ken, it's a very good question, is we have a range of opportunities. On the other hand, we want to be really prudent about only focusing on those opportunities that offer really good returns for our shareholders. When you look at, in fact, one of the slides in the presentation today, which lays out the last 8 or 9 quarters of spending around marketing and promotion, I would say if you steer at that slide a little bit, it gives -- will give you a more realistic sense of the range of spending that we would consider elevated and that we would consider a range where we can, very efficiently and very effectively in today's environment, deploy all the dollars. I wouldn't -- I'd be cautious about going back and looking at analogies from 2010 and 2011. It's a very, very different situation. So I think if you look at that more recent set of histories and think about the highest levels, that's probably more what we think we can target and be really effective. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, it's a very good question, James. Let me step back and say clearly, as a general matter, we don't think regulation is a good thing for consumers and merchants and for this category. When you look at the European Union regulation and the final layout of it, it certainly confirms our view that most of the reforms are really targeted at addressing concerns around Visa and MasterCard's interchange practices. But as we've long said, the reality is there are always impacts in these situations on our business, some of which can create challenges for us. We've talked, in this particular case, in particular about the fact that there are some new cross-border dynamics that are putting some pressure on our discount rates in Europe. All that said, one of the strengths of our business model is we're out there every day having to prove our value to card members and merchants and every day evolving the way we work with both to demonstrate that value. That does give us an ability to flex and demonstrate our value in ways that others can't necessarily in this regulatory environment. So we are working hard to manage some of the negative impacts of the regulation and use other parts of it to find ways to be even more creative about adding value to merchants and our card members. And I would say, while, obviously, the legislation hasn't had any or much material impact yet, we're pleased with the results we see right now in Europe, and we're going to work really, really hard to try to continue those. 
Jeffrey Campbell: So good question, David. We, of course, are unusual in that a rising rate environment in isolation, if you hold everything else steady, is a negative for us and we put a number in our 10-K, just to use round numbers, that says for every -- all else being equal, 100 basis point rise in all interest rates will cost us around $200 million a year. When you look at the outlook we've provided, we built it -- we're trying to be realistic in that outlook and so we built a steadily rising rate environment into that outlook. For that matter, I'd remind you, we also built a little bit of steady uptick in some of the provision costs as well. So relative to our outlook, you would have to have a spike in interest rates that was much quicker and larger than what the general economic consensus has been to cause us to see any impact relative to that outlook. In terms of how we think about offsetting the impact of those rising interest costs, if you look historically, there is usually some natural hedge here because as a general matter, central banks and the Fed tend to raise rates more when there's a little bit stronger economic environment and raise it a little less when the economic environment is not so strong, and obviously, the rest of our business benefits tremendously when there's a little bit stronger economic environment. Beyond that, the reality is we -- the largest source of our position on our sensitivity to interest rates is the strength of our charge card franchise. We love that business. We think it's a great business. And so it just comes with this one aspect that we have to manage as interest rates, at some point, inevitably rise. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, there's -- yes, that's a good question, Craig. I think there's a couple aspects to this. So -- because you first have to close the actual coverage gap and then you have to make progress on closing the perception gap, and there's a time lag as you do both those things. So the program that we first began to talk about a little over a year ago was one where we said, boy, if you play out the incremental merchants that we think we can get, if you look at just the cycle of those merchants and how often they re-up the smaller merchants with acquirers, then you have a multiyear process here before we believe we can get to the point where, in fact, you signed on most merchants in the U.S. relative through a MasterCard, Visa. You could have a process that then extends beyond that to match that with perceptions and to drive card members to those merchants. If you think about the things I said a few minutes ago, as I pointed out, that we're really pleased with our progress this year on OptBlue and we've signed 700,000 new merchants under it, we also have to wait until you get them signed up, and then you have to go through a process to drive business to those merchants. And we're engaged in that, and we're certainly not to the point today where we would say that we have materially closed the coverage gap. So we're not going to go out and start talking about that until we've gotten further into this. So this is clearly a multiyear effort, because you're talking about a couple of million merchants you ultimately have to add onto the roll. And it's a multiyear effort to change perceptions, but we're really pleased with the way it's going. We feel strongly that when you take a multiyear view of this company, this is a really important part of our growth story, and we will continue to give you a sense each quarter of how it's going. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, all fair questions, Moshe. We went into 2015, as we began the year at January, with an assumption that we would be continuing our very long-term partnership with Costco, and we set marketing plans and we set budgets and we set the management teams off to execute on that plan. When we changed that plan in February and decided to go down a different path and concluded that we think in the long run we can generate more value for our shareholders with the path we've now gone down, we really had to do a little bit of a reset. And we manage the company for the long term. We want to be thoughtful when we choose to do something as dramatic as we've done, go to our shareholders and say we're going to ramp up spending this year and it's going to result in not a lot of earnings growth and, in fact, EPS could even be down a little bit this year. We want to be really thoughtful about the way we deploy those resources. And so while we began to deploy them in the second quarter to be as thoughtful as we wanted to be, the reality is it's taking us until the third quarter to get fully ramped up. So we think that's the right way to run the company, the right results. And as we said beginning back in February, we're stepping away a little bit from overly focusing on each individual quarter. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, look, the rewards environment in general has always been competitive and it's pretty competitive right now. What we really try to focus on, Moshe, are a couple of things. Number one, ultimately this is about broad customer value proposition. Rewards is one component of that. We have a brand. We have a reputation for security and trust and service. We try to leverage those things. Second, we have a very broad portfolio of products in the U.S., and we do that because we think there's tremendous value in making sure you're delivering to different customer segments the things they value the most, whether it be cash back rewards products; things that use our Membership Rewards program, which is of course, still by far the largest and most diversified rewards program; or our many co-brand products. And by focusing on the broader customer value proposition, by making sure we're being really thoughtful about how we segment the different customer groups and produce something that they're going to most highly value, we think we can get to the best possible result both for both our card members and our shareholders without having to compete dollar for dollar on every single aspect at every single product. So we feel good about some of the latest things we've launched, and certainly, the big launch in the last 12 months was around the EveryDay card last year. That card has performed better than we had anticipated. It has reached a little bit different demographic, which is exactly what we were trying to do and so we're pretty pleased with that. 
Jeffrey Campbell: So very good question, David. So 2 things. There was a sequential decline here, Q1 to Q2, from 4% to 2%. That decline actually relates to one product with actually maybe one large customer and it's an airline fuel-buying product, very, very low-margin product. As an old airline CFO, I'd point out the airlines are a little flush with cash right now, and so they're sort of minimizing their use of these products, which help them out with cash flow. That's what caused the drop from 4% to 2% as you go from Q2 to Q1. Now, 4% is still a low number. And as I said last quarter, boy, as we have really scrubbed all our customer base, all you can -- all I can tell you is it is U.S.-driven, not international markets. It is very broadly spread in terms of a slowdown in just the organic growth spending trends amongst our midsized and larger clients. It's T&E-oriented and hence, the very broad spread. So you can draw different conclusions from that: If there's companies tightening TV budgets as they think about the economic environment; is it a little bit of fare pressure on the airlines; lots of -- there'd be lots of different theories and you can add your own, but that's -- those are the facts as we see them. 
Jeffrey Campbell: We're always very cautious, David, about reading too much into trends that occur over a couple of weeks. So I would say, no, we'll just have to see how Q3 plays out. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, of course, Don, it's very, very early days here. We have just announced the product. It's available with a small number of initial websites with a longer public list of people who will soon be adding it. Certainly, we have done some pilot sites before we launched it. And of course, the key here that everyone is trying to get to with these products is you're trying to get to a much higher percentage of people who go all the way through to the end and buy what they've been looking at in any particular online or mobile experience. And I would say we and the couple of merchants we had doing pilots with us were very encouraged by the results that we achieved in terms of improving those rates of getting people through to the final, final step. So when you think about the economic arrangements, I obviously can't comment on the specific arrangements, but what this is really about and the real pot of gold that everyone's chasing here is can you get those rates up significantly? And to the extent you can prove that you can, then, the economics take care of themselves for everyone. And that's what we're seeking here. Now, I'll go back to where I started. It's very early days and we're going to have to see how things progress here, but we are encouraged by the early results. We think we have a product with some very interesting features relative to some of the other alternatives. It is very simple, it is very quick, but we'll have to give you an update as time goes on. 
Jeffrey Campbell: So let me take those one at a time. So let's start with the DOJ. So you are correct; the judge's order became effective at the beginning of this week, and we are in the process of following that order. One part of that process is notifying all of our merchants of their right to steer, and that will be happening, per the order, in the next several weeks. There's other aspects to it, but that's certainly one of the most important parts. As we think about the order, I think the first thing I would say is when you -- as we sit here and think about it today, we believe that in the near term, the financial impact of this order is within the financial outlook that we provided at Investor Day, reiterated it again today. Clearly, in the longer term, we're going to have to see how the marketplace reacts to the order and think about what impact that's going to have on our business modeling. So that's where we are with the DOJ. Much more straightforward question, yes, we took a restructuring charge last year that involves about 4,000 employees. We are well into that, however, there is still a significant portion still to come. Some of this involves fairly complex moves as we right-shore. Interestingly enough, a lot of this is moving from one non-U.S. location to another non-U.S. location. In some of our other operations, that has to be done very thoughtfully. And so there's a very experienced team that's doing this who is involved in that process, but they won't be done until much closer to the end of this year. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, 2 good questions. So on FX, essentially, what is built into our multiyear financial outlook, to use broad strokes, is roughly the rates you see today. And so to the extent -- because it's hard to imagine, these may be famous last words, that you could have another move as dramatic as you have had in the last 12 months beyond where we are today. If you do, that will be a tough headwind for us that we'll do our best to manage. I'd just remind you that the movement of the U.S. dollar so far, so fast against so many currencies all at once, as it's done in the last 9 months, you have to go back quite a number of decades to find another move like that. So it could happen but we'll have to see. On credit, you're correct; we built in both in the back half of this year, as well as into our '16 and '17 outlook, some modest and steady uptick in the provision and growth of the loan provisions. Clearly, we have a very steady track record now in growing our loans above the industry average. What happens if that is more benign? Well, that will be a very good thing. What I would say in terms of the bottom line is what we are trying to be true to at this point is the financial outlook that we've provided to people and making sure we are really well positioned to demonstrate and to execute upon once we've lapped all the FX, once we've lapped all the co-brand changes, once we've lapped Costco in the U.S., demonstrating to people that the business model and financial model that have produced 12 to 15 EPS growth rates, 12% to 15%, is in place and is working well. And so if credit is a little bit more benign, we will frankly look to see whether we are operating within the financial outlook that we have and whether we have other growth initiative funding that we, in fact, think it could be for our shareholders, very profitably redeployed or whether we want to take it to the bottom line to make sure we feel comfortable that we can come in with the kind of outlook we've provided. So boy, there's always a lot of moving pieces, we'll have to see where they all come out. But hopefully, Mark, that gives you at least some sense of how we will think about things. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, boy, Eric, I got to say, this is the one where I hope you're right and I hope that's a signal. But all I can do is tell you what we are seeing in our corporate business. And I'd remind you, it is a -- well, we do lots of things in the GCP segment, the biggest component is still tied to, more or less, T&E-oriented spend by mid- to large-sized companies. And so I have read some of those same comments that you just referenced. We'll have to see whether they show up in our results over time. Certainly through June 30, it would be hard to see that. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Good question, and the answer, of course, is yes, it's sort of all those things. So there's a -- not to get overly tactical here, but you have to get the merchants signed up. The reality is we have trained, over many decades, our card members do look for little stickers in the window. And so you literally send teams of people out to make sure stickers are going up in the windows and that helps. There's an element of educating our card members. Now here, there's sort of a -- you have to think about the pacing and the timing. You wouldn't necessarily, if you were, Cheryl, an Amex card member, which I'm sure you are, of course, want to get an e-mail from us every single time we signed up any merchant within 10 miles of you because you'd get tired of seeing all the e-mails and you'd ignore them. So you kind of have to be thoughtful about when is the right time to communicate in the most impactful way to our card members and when do you make sure you're doing that soon enough so the merchants who sign up start to see Amex card members and feel good about what they've done. So there's no magic here. It's a matter of balancing some of those basic blocking and tackling things we need to do, but we're very focused on it. I'll go back to that's why I said so far this year, we're pleased with all the sign-ups and we are very focused now on continuing the sign-ups but also beginning to drive more business to those merchants. I would say we are -- remain on track for this year for the program overall to be a positive to our bottom line, when you look at the net of all the positives and negatives, and we are tracking to our plan over a couple of years to much more significantly close the coverage gap. So Cheryl, thank you for that last question and thanks to everybody for joining us on tonight's call. I guess I'd go back probably to where I started and where I ended earlier, which is there is a lot of complexity in our results but we think that this quarter does, again, reflect solid core underlying performance.  With that, I will wish you all a good evening and thank you for your continued interest in American Express. 
