Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think we're not going to comment on July to-date numbers. I would say, though, that in the second quarter, the growth rate that we saw in June was very comparable to the growth rate that we saw in May. In terms of categories, I would say that we probably saw slower growth in T&E categories than we saw in other categories. But really, the changing growth rates that we saw, as I illustrated on the slides, was really across all of our business lines and really across all geographies. So yes, I would say it was pretty broad-based.
Daniel T. Henry: So modeling always assumes that the future will be the same as the past, if you use historical information. We have had, over the last several quarters, higher levels of incentive payments. Those are based on new agreements with many of our large corporate clients. That is a business that has very high levels of profitability for us. So despite the higher level of incentive payments, sometimes which are triggered by new agreements, sometimes triggered by corporate customers just spending at higher level. And again, we think they are effectively worthwhile investments because it is a business with very good profitability. But the levels that we have from period to period will kind of depend on the growth in their spending and when contracts are removed.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. I don't know that there was big shift between discretionary and nondiscretionary. I guess I would just point out that last year in the second quarter, we grew 15%. I don't know that any of our competitors grew at that level. So to the extent you have that kind of growth, when you come to the next year, it's just a higher challenge in terms of growth rates. So given those higher comparables, I think our growth rates remain healthy and are reflective of the fact that the investments that we've made over the past couple of years continue to pay off.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So as you say, from the balance of the year, we have approvement based on our submission to buy back $2 billion more through the end of the year. We could afford to do modest levels of acquisitions and still buy back $2 billion more. If we had acquisitions at higher levels, then we would moderate the buybacks accordingly, which is, I think, very consistent with what we've said our plan would be as we to go through the course of this year. So no really -- no change there. In terms of new Basel information, what I remind you of is that we have our ratios calculated under Basel I, right? We are still in the process of developing what they would be under Basel II, so we don't have that information yet. But the impact in this quarter of going from Basel I to Basel III is approximately 30 basis points. It varies from quarter-to-quarter, but has generally been in the kind of 20- to 80-basis-points range, depending on quarter. This quarter it was about 30 basis points.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So I think, as most people know, we were not party to that litigation. That lawsuit was filed against Visa and MasterCard, and they control about 70% or 80% of the market. A fundamental legal difference is -- between us and Visa/MasterCard is that they have market power. The courts have recognized this and determined that they used that power improperly. American Express does not have market power. We continue to believe that there's no merit to the separate merchant cases that we are involved in, and we believe that we have strong legal defenses. Now as it relates to surcharging, surcharging is not consumer-friendly. The terms and conditions within the settlement agreement that deal with surcharging are very complicated. So given that complexity, we think it's too early to know what the impact of the rule changes might actually have in the marketplaces, but we obviously will monitor the situation and respond appropriately. Now we've seen different reactions in different international markets where surcharging is allowed by law. In Australia, some merchants have introduced surcharging. It was first allowed there back in 2003, and we've been able to respond effectively and continue to operate successfully. In contrast, in the U.K., we've seen very little evidence of merchants surcharging, and that was first allowed by the Thatcher government many, many years ago. The other thing I'd point out and you should keep in mind is that in the United States, there are 10 states that have laws that prohibit surcharging, and these states represent about 50% of our U.S. billings volume. So the Visa/MasterCard rule change doesn't change the terms of our contracts with merchants. We do not prevent merchants from surcharging, but we do continue to require parity treatment so that our cardmembers are not discriminated against at point of sale. And by parity treatment, I mean that if a American Express cardmember is surcharged 100 basis points, any other credit card that is presented would be charged -- surcharged the same 100 basis points.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So GNS partners, when we speak to them, their products are targeted to their more affluent customers. That's really the design of the product. It's designed to encourage spending, so they are more affluent customers. Now I would say that the average spend within GNS partner customers is lower than the average spend in proprietary American Express cards. But we see the GNS business as a terrific business for us in that it brings more cardmembers into merchants, so it makes the American Express network more relevant in more markets. And often, these are customers that we would not be able to reach other than through the GNS partner relationships. Today, GNS has grown over the years to be a important contributor to income. Now while the dollar profit that we earn on each dollar of GNS-billed business is lower than what we earn on a dollar of proprietary billed business, it requires very little capital, and so the returns are good. The other thing I'd point out is that some of the -- that many of the GNS partnerships operate in both -- some markets are developed markets and some are developing markets, so you need to take that into consideration as well. But net-net, we think it is a good business overall in terms of the contribution and mix.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. I mean, so their products and our products run on our network, right? The cards that the GNS partners issue are often credit cards, so that's a difference. But they run on our -- they don't work -- run on a different network. It's the American Express network.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So these are -- relate to certain changes that we've made in our CARD practices, and the changes generally relate to items around either pricing, exposure or collections. So that's a -- that gives you a little bit more flavor in terms of the changes we're making that led to the refunds that we're making to customers.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think when we talk about our desire to contain operating expense, it's really a long-term view. So it's not just related to this quarter or next quarter or related to a potential slowdown. I think it's really a desire to create operating leverage so that expenses are growing at an appropriate level that enable us to have the investment dollars that we desire so that we can drive business over the long term and achieve our financial targets on an average and over time. So the whole notion of operating leverage is really designed as a long-term objective and not necessarily related to a short-term slowdown. We also could react if there was a severe short-term slowdown the way we have historically when there's been a recession. But I would think of those as really, really 2 different types of focuses on operating expense.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. I think M&A, we would focus on what I'd describe as kind of bolt-on acquisitions, not very large acquisitions. They would be to enable us to achieve our strategic business objectives and/or be in something that's a very close adjacency. Loyalty partners is a good example of that, where they had a coalition loyalty platform in -- primarily in Germany, but in several other countries, we have a significant amount of loyalty experience and we have global reach, and we thought that was a very good combination. And we'd generally be in areas that would generate fee business going forward. So those would be the general parameters of what we're endeavoring to achieve.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think you have the numbers right. But the 9% to 10% that we related to April and May were FX-adjusted.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think if you back out the reengineering, you kind of get close to flat. And then really we were helped, as all the expense lines were, by FX. So if you look at total -- I don't know if it's exactly in salaries and benefits, but on the total, it took the growth rate from total expense to the growth rate from 2% up to 4%. So if you had a similar relationship on salaries and benefits, it would be up about 2%, which is in the realm of what you would expect if you have a constant employee base. And what we had in this quarter was similar to what we had in the second quarter of last year in terms of total number of employees.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. I think we gave last quarter similar numbers, and I would venture to say that the countries in Southern Europe, if I remember correctly -- let's see, I actually have some data here, so let's see. So I would say each of the countries decreased by 2% or 3%, not much different than what we're seeing overall. Spain decreased a little bit more than that compared to last quarter. I think we said Spain was up 2% in the second -- first quarter this year. So not wide variation, other than Spain. Basically the same kind of trends that we're seeing across the world.
Daniel T. Henry: So initially, when we're coming out of the recession, we said we want to be at least 10% or 11%. I think over the course of the past couple of years, we've had good capital generation. And really, in 2011, we kind of increased from that 11% range up to the 12% range, because in our submission to the Fed in January of '11, we only asked for $2.3 billion of buybacks on the assumption that we were going to use half of the capital generated to do acquisitions, which would mean we'd do $2 billion in acquisitions. In fact, that year we only did $1 billion. So we effectively wound up as a result of that of retaining another $1 billion, and that took us from 11 up to 12%. I think we taken artificially high in the first quarter because we couldn't do share buybacks in the first quarter of '12 until our plan was approved. That was in the middle of March. So I'd expect to see us to trend back towards where we were at the beginning of this year, which was 12.3%. We think our submission was appropriate in terms of the levels of buybacks that we requested. And the fact that the Fed approved that level, I think, is a demonstration of our financial strength and flexibility. So this will evolve over time, and each year, we'll probably get better insight in terms of where we want to be. And as we move forward with the work that we're doing on Basel II, which we may not have better insights until we get to 2014, but when we get those better insights, we'll have a better sense of where we want just to settle in. Now the other thing, I think, that's important is not just a raw number that your Tier 1 common ratio is, but if you look at the stress test and see where your ratio is after that stress, may start to become even more important. And certainly, if you look at the data from this year, you can see that based on the stress test that the Fed decided the assumptions on, we had very limited drop in where the Tier 1 common was in that stress, which was different than many others. So I think people start to look at that. And that will be something we'll have to consider when we ultimately set where we decide to hold Tier 1 common ratio.
Daniel T. Henry: So we do have a plan to move our reloadable prepaid product onto the Serve platform within the next couple of quarters. That doesn't have anything to do with bluebird, but it is a excellent use of the Serve platform for business that we think will be growing, and a business where we think we have a very good product in the marketplace compared to the competitions. So as it relates to bluebird, American Express and Walmart have a great partnership. Our work together on bluebird has moved to a new phase, and we continue to test different points of distribution and marketing messages while also collecting and analyzing feedback for customers who took part in our pilot. And at this time, it wouldn't make sense to speak about any future plans with bluebird, but we appreciate your interest around the bluebird project.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think the cost per point is something that we're focused on just in terms of -- so the offerings that we put into the program are designed to create value for our customers. We have over 100 different options within the program that are part of what make it an excellent program. And certainly, as we think about adding customers and options, we do think about the overall costs to us. So it's a balance between value to our customers who participate in the Membership Rewards program and the cost of the program in terms of the overall economics of the products that we offer. So for years, we've been focused on the cost per point and endeavored to manage it, and we will continue to do that as we go forward. In this period, it was really not a result of changing the offerings within the program. It was really driven by customer behavior and a change in mix. So in this quarter we just had a shift in mix, really, away from the amount that was being redeemed for airlines compared to what we have had in prior quarters. And that's what really drove the weighted average cost per point down in this given period.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So our strategy is to focus on growing spend products, so those would be charge cards, as well as premium lending cards. So as we strove to grow the charge business, to see write-off rates go up a bit is perfectly fine with us as long as we're attracting customer groups that have good long-term economics. And as you know, when you're bringing a lending customer, sometimes it takes 12 to 24 months before the portfolio seasons because people can make minimum payments. In charge card, on the other hand, it's a pay-in-full product, so you see it a lot more quickly. So I think that's part of what drove the increase that we saw through the first quarter. On the other hand, we continue to get focused on what's taking place within our portfolio. And I think that focus is what enabled the write-off rate actually to come down in the second quarter compared to the first. But still, all-in, these are very low write-off rates. And if we can drive the right economics and acquire the right customers, having write-off rates being higher than where they are today are perfectly fine.
Daniel T. Henry: I -- so I know -- so I don't know the specific answer to that question. I know we have been focusing on them, and I suspect that at least a portion of them, I think, are sold through our proprietary process. But I don't have a specific split between what's proprietary and what might be with third parties.
Daniel T. Henry: Our provision does not prohibit surcharging but requires that the surcharging be on a parity basis so that our cardmembers are not discriminated against at the point of sale. So if someone was charging 2% to our customers, then our contracts would require that any other credit card that's presented would be required to have the same surcharge.
Daniel T. Henry: No. So our contracts cover our cardmembers, right? The Visa and MasterCard rules cover theirs. So if a merchant has a contract with us, it requires that our cardmembers be charged on parity, as I just described, with what -- and that other credit card companies -- other credit cards that are presented would have to have the same surcharge.
Daniel T. Henry: So we're going to start issuing cards that have EMV enabled, and we will convert cards over, over a multiyear period. So the cost of doing that will not be in 1 or 2 quarters but would be over a several year period.
Daniel T. Henry: So on average and over time, I would think about a 10-year cycle, not a 3- or 4-year cycle. And clearly, in times where economic growth is slow, you would expect to have slower billed business growth in those periods than when you had a robust period. So when we say on average and over time, I think we've looked at it an extended cycle. And over that cycle, I think we're confident that we can achieve those levels, we can achieve our financial targets.
Daniel T. Henry: So we had a fair number of initiatives in place last year when the Continental contract expired. We actually were very pleased in terms of what we are able to achieve in terms of retaining customers through those initiatives at the end of the day. And what I would point out is I don't have any specific data on how many customers we may have lost, but what I would say is over the past year, we have continued to build share in the U.S. So in total, we've continued to be successful in the marketplace when you look at the overall population of people who could -- who are using credit and charge cards. And these days, that's our aim is to be successful in terms of financial results and continuing to be able to compete successfully in the marketplace.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think -- last year was the year we wanted to sign agreements with other businesses that would put Serve in the path of their customers. This year, it's all about getting customers onto the network, and that's what we're focused on. So that's our focus now. In terms of Serve, we are seeing some successful uses of Serve. Certainly by putting our reloadable products on Serve, if we didn't have that platform, our ability to issue the product would have been hampered. We have also entered into agreements in China with Lianlian, where the basis of that is that Lianlian is going to use the Serve platform as part of their mobile pop-up process. So we are seeing spots we're able to use it. I don't think we're at the point yet where we would release financial information, but we continue to make progress against the objectives that we have set for ourselves.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So our target is to exit, I think, 2014 at a $3 billion run rate. Last year, we had $1.3 billion in fee income. So we continue to make progress in the fee area and against that target. So to the operator, I would say I'll take one last question.
Daniel T. Henry: So we did have an accrual back in the fourth quarter, which we mentioned at that time. As it relates to the accruals in this quarter, we don't plan to disclose the exact dollar amount. We felt that the cost in this quarter were important enough to mention, but not large enough to quantify.
Daniel T. Henry: So I would say that there were 2 items that contributed to it. It was this accrual as well as investment impairments that drove it. So those are the 2 big items that are in the increase.
Daniel T. Henry: So we have never had a target to grow loans, and I don't anticipate that we will in the future. Our focus is to make investments that have good economic returns over time, and they are currently focused on charge card as well as premium lending. So to the extent customers want have the ability to lend and we have the right credit quality, then we want to put investments up against both charge and premium lending, and to the extent we're successful, we will -- may see loan growth increase, but we don't have any specific targets for loan growth. We really target our investments for the greatest economic return over time.
Daniel T. Henry: A normalized charge-off rate. So that's what we're going to have to wait and see, all right? So over the past 10 years, it was about 4.5%. So I feel pretty confident, not going too much out on a limb, that it will be less than that going forward. But exactly where it will go from here will be very dependent on both our strategy as well as customer behavior at the end of the day. All right. All right. So thanks, everybody, for joining the call, and have a good evening.
