Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So we don't talk about monthly numbers so let alone about you know a few weeks into the month of January. So, I think best is to wait until the end of quarter, and we'll provide a lot more color and detail on the billing in January so far. As far as how we think about billed business in 2024, our planning assumption is that we should expect or we expecting billings to be consistent with what we've seen in the prior few quarters, you know, and we are ready to see in a society if there is some. But for now, that's the assumption we have baked in our plans and how we constructed this guidance. On the SME side, it's the same, assumption if you want. We are assuming either something similar to what we're seeing in Q3, Q4, and you know we are very focused on winning the recoveries with SMEs. As I've said in my remarks, these card members have been through a lot over the last two, three years, and we are focusing on providing the best experience, the best products. We are focusing on acquiring as many customers as we can and helping them grow their business. And we'll be ready when they're ready. Historically, this has been a volatile segment for us. You know, how dynamic these customer segments are and we play a critical role in that industry and we'll be ready when they're ready.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. Hey, good morning, Ryan, and thank you for your question. So the building blocks of the revenue growth remain the same. At a fairly high-level, we expect billing and therefore discount revenue to grow at a pace similar to what we've seen in the recent quarters. We expect card fees -- so Q4 is at 17%, full-year at 20%, we expect card fees to be a key contributor to growth going forward -- to remain a key contributor to growth going forward, and actually to exit Q4 at a higher level than where we are right now. And I gave you the context in my remarks, very much supported by the constant strength in premium acquisition, their product refresh and renewals that we are committed to execute on, and very strong retention rates, which we have experienced for many years now. And when it comes to the last either component of our revenue pool, net interest income, you should expect that growth rate to moderate very much driven by the fact that -- and you've seen the trend, I'm sure, Ryan, there you know asset growth and their lending growth rate has been moderating over the past quarters and we expect that moderation to continue. The very strong growth was a function of tenured card members rebuilding balances post-COVID, and you know at some stage we're going to reach there -- a more normal rate there and that will naturally drive NII new to a more moderate level of growth. I'm going to also mention that we believe that the interest-rate dynamic in what the Fed will design doesn't play a big role here in terms of what's going to happen to NII. And when you put all of this together and you can -- you know, we run multiple scenarios what if billing is a bit stronger, what if you know NII is a bit weaker, and we land in the same range of 9% to 11%. So that's very much how we think about that the revenue guidance.
Christophe Le Caillec: Okay. So let me take loan growth first. The dynamic on loan growth has not changed, and for several quarters now it's also our philosophy and how we run the company. About 70% of their loan growth comes from tenured card members, and what we call tenured card members is card members who've been with us more than 12 months. And that's very much how we think about acquisition. We acquire card members. We develop relationships with them. Then we offer them -- you know, we cross-sell products, we increase alliance, we nurture those relationships, and we do that because we understand them better, we understand their spend patterns and they understand our products better as well. And that's the driver. There either we don't do much balanced transfers, if any at all, and we don't have promotional offers -- much promotional offers also. So it's very much growing with our tenured card members. And it's part of our strategy to contain if you on the credit risk and to control it. And when it comes to the credit profile of the new card members, we haven't changed our credit underwriting models, right? We still -- and we haven't changed as well our marketing channels and products. Well, we still skew towards positive selection in terms of credit profile. That has not changed and I need to say that there prospects that we bring in and become recent card members have very good credit profile.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. There's a lot here. So let me first take you through customer engagement. The key things for us and you've heard us say this for years, right? We build premium products and we price for that value. You've heard say as well that over the last years, we -- the mix of the portfolio shifted more towards premium products. That premiumization of the portfolio is the key driver behind that ratio of variable customer engagement expenses to revenue to more platinum card members, we bring more variable customer engagement expenses you should expect to see. But at the same time, we have a lot of initiatives to actually optimize this. And we have a lot of innovation in that space. I'm going to share with you one that is driving a lot of efficiencies for us. We've recently introduced there pay with point option where you can actually go in the app or the website, select one specific transaction and pay with points. So we have that either constant innovation to try to delight the customers, make their life easier, and at the same time, create efficiencies in terms of the weighted average cost per point. And specifically in Q4, one of the driver of that efficiency or that variable cardmember engagement expense was the fact that we saw less point redemption with airline tickets, which is one of the most expensive cost per point that we have. That drove some efficiencies in that metric. We also saw as there are some softness in in some T&E categories, less point accelerators earned and that created as well some efficiencies there. The reason why I'm pointing that out is just to give you some example of some of the natural hedges that exist in our business model, where -- when you see a little bit of softness in the top line, that creates some savings as well in some expense lines. So you know, we guided there -- towards a little bit of an increase in terms of the variable cardmember engagement expenses, and we're going to keep monitoring that. But I feel good about that trend. And I think that, that margin is still very strong and able to generate very strong earnings. We've committed to containing OpEx, and as I've said, we expect 2024 offering up expenses to be you know about flat to where we are ending 2023. And marketing expenses will dial up or down based on opportunities that we see based on the efficiencies that we create as well. The model works really well, as you can see, and I'm comfortable that the model is strong. And we are stress-testing that model running multiple scenarios and it works well in terms of its ability to generate earnings over time. And I would say risk-adjusted earnings because that powerful model why do we pay on variable card member engagement expenses comes back with a multiple on the credit line. We attract positive select -- we generate positive select. We attract premium card members who have a very strong credit profile, and I like paying for that as opposed to trying to control the credit risk down the road.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So T&E, sequentially the growth rate came down. I need to point out though that is still up 9% year-over-year, so it's a pretty strong growth rate. In terms of airline spend, and if you heard, I'm sure the various airline, they all made comments about the bid of a softer demand. And since many of those customers are using an American Express card to pay for the airline ticket, we saw a similar trend. This being said, booking remains very strong on our TLS segment. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I know there were strong. So I don't -- we'll see whether it's the beginning of a trend or whether it's a data point. But we keep you know seeing a lot of strength and you know the partnership we have with Delta is working very, very well. Originations of new cards are very strong. And here card members decided to redeem a bit less in Q4 with airline tickets than they did in the past and we've seen in the -- that choppiness as well in the past. I don't worry. It's one data point. And for 2024, we haven't either communicated on exactly what assumptions we're making by category, but either, I'm not too worried. We have a card member base that loves traveling, and I'm sure they're going to keep traveling.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So thank you, Rick, for your question. This is very -- this is an important point, so I'm glad you're asking the question. The first thing I want to say is that, the absolute levels when you look at the delinquency rates or the write-off rates are very low in terms of our historical performance, and on the slide I put as well the pre-pandemic levels. The write-off rate is 2% in Q4. It was 2.2% pre-pandemic, right? So we're still below where we were pre-pandemic. So in absolute they’re very low. Relative to our peers, , which I know you know well, they also very good. And I'm sure you noted that every competitor or peer reported their numbers and experienced the same tick, but at a higher magnitude. I would take up of 20 basis point is one of the lowest in the industry. So I feel good about where we are and I feel good about the trend. When it comes to the dynamic in the portfolio, the key driver behind this is that there's still some normalization going on here. We are moving from sub-1% write-off rate during the pandemic. As you all know on this call, this was not a sustainable level and these rates are normalizing and they are normalizing at a slow pace, and I like that, and the 2% is, again, a place where I feel comfortable from a credit standpoint. The other thing to expand a little bit and take a step back in terms of, you know, what kind of loan growth we are seeing. The biggest contributors in terms of loan balances are their pay overtime facility that we offered with our charged products and their co-brands cards. And so both those portfolio have very strong credit profile and better credit profile than what we call internally proprietary lending, which includes blue cash every day for instance. So if anything, the profile of the portfolio and the mix of the portfolio is shifting and evolving more towards product that have a strong credit profile and high velocity. This being said, that normalization is happening and that's what's creating that little tick-up. And as I said in my comments, we're not quite done with that normalization, there's still a bit more to come in our minds, but not a lot.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes, so thank you for your question. So not a lot has changed on that front outside of the fact that we've been meeting with regulators, Steve met with regulators, I met with regulators as well. And what I can tell you is that they're listening, they're engaged, and I think they understand our comments. The ball is back in their camp now and they're incorporating all the comments they receive from the industry and I'm sure you've seen a lot of those comments as well. So they have a lot of work to do. Right now we're in waiting mode. And I think we're expecting the current estimate is we're expecting their -- or at least their next version of the rules by the end of 2024, we'll see. It took 10-years to get to their first draft, so we'll see when we get the next version. I'm not too concerned. I feel good about our starting point and our capital position. As you know, we generate about 30% return on equity, which means that we generate a ton of capital. And for now, we're not going to change our capital policy. The first thing we do is of course fund the balance sheet then we distribute dividends We feel very confident about the increase that we are planning to do this year. And the rest is going to go in share buyback so that we keep capital between 10% and 11% of our risk weighted asset. And that's what we've done for years, that's what we're going to keep doing. And we're going adapt to the Basel rule. You know we're running the company conservatively as well with a big buffer over the 7% rate that we have. And so nothing has changed much on that front, so more to come when we get the final rules.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So your description is correct, Moshe. It's a facility that we attached to our charge card products where they can decide if they want to revolve proportion of their bill. This is the fastest growing category for us in terms of loan growth. It was very well received by the card members. And I don't know what else I can I can tell you. Remember that their charge card has a no preset limits, which is an important feature here. So it's a way for us to give them as well -- and it's a painful product so it's a way for us to give them a facility, where they can revolve over a period of time. And as I've said previously, their credit profile is very strong on this product, very much because it is attached to a very premium base, right? And Premium Gold card members are using this facility and revolving from time to time.
Christophe Le Caillec: So let me take the second question first. We are slightly liability sensitive, and the key assumptions for us -- but the common remains that you know in its totality, our total balance sheet and total funding stack level, the impact of rate cuts is going to be very small to our NII. The big unknown here is what's going to happen to the beta. We've been as an industry trending around 0.7 on the way up. We probably got a trend to 0.7 on the way down, but not immediately, and it's hard to say exactly at this point in time where are we going to be when the Fed starts cutting rates. We are making assumptions with that we think are conservatives, but we don't know for sure and we'll see where we are. So there is a bit of uncertainty here, but what is -- what you know for sure is that you should not expect a big impact on NII depending on the rate curve. Going back to your first question around revenue, I just -- I don't have a lot to say on top of what I said earlier and what I've said in my prepared remarks. I'm happy to be surprised on the upside if billed business is stronger and card fees, we have good visibility. NII, I think the trend is very established. And on billing, as I said, we are assuming at this point in time something consistent with what we've seen in the previous quarters and we'll see where we are at the end of the year. But if the economy re-bounce, if the growth is a bit stronger than what is expected by economists and our card members are optimistic and keep spending, you know, I'd be delighted to have a higher billed business to report.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So the Delta product is still going very, very strong. The total billing growth on the Delta product for the full year was up 15%, and we are originating a lot of new cards as well. And my comment about there either softness in terms of Q4, hard to say whether it's the beginning of a trend or whether it's just a blip, time will tell, but it's still growing very, very strong and the engagement with the partner is very strong -- the partnership is going strong. So I don't see any softness there at all. And I will say as well that their credit quality of those new card members remained very strong. I made comments about, it's one of the fastest-growing segment on the loan side and it comes with very strong performance. People who travel a lot and who fly a lot tend to have strong credit quality, and we see that on the loan side, on the spend side, on the origination side. So I'm not worried about that at this stage.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. Let me talk about sort of card acquisition numbers. We go out and we look at acquiring card members who really focus on acquiring billed business and we acquire revenue. And consistently now, if you take the first quarter out of last year where it was a little bit more of an anomaly of 3.4 million cards, we've been around that 3 million to 2.9 million cards. And we will -- as long as we have line-of-sight into high credit quality premium cardmembers, we will continue to be out there aggressively acquiring cardmembers, and that range will be where we see that range today, between 2.9 million, 3.1 million. And we don't really provide any guidance on that, but with the amount of money we're planning on spending, I think that's a -- it's a pretty fair assumption. And we report that but what we're really focused on is making sure that we're getting you know billed business acquired. When you look at the composition, obviously, in a stronger environment, you really looking for more organic growth from your existing cardholders. And I just made the comment, before we are small businesses that's not what we're seeing. And so when you look at any growth that you're seeing from a small-business perspective that is truly from new cardholders acquired. And a lot of the growth from a consumer perspective right now is new cardholders acquired which actually as we think about engaging with our cardholders gives me a lot of confidence going forward because as we continue to engage and not only get more wallet share, but as our cardmembers get back to where they were probably before the third quarter and fourth quarter, we believe there is upside there from a billings perspective. We've talked a lot about millennials over time, and we get on this growth trend -- we get on this trajectory with these millennials and Gen Zers, where we start with a higher share of wallet, and we start with that higher share of wallet because they are used to using their American Express card everywhere, and as they move through their lifecycles, their wallets increase. And so we have a lot of confidence in the long-term lifetime value of the millennial base and of the Gen Z base that we're now acquiring. And you see and even in this fourth quarter that is 32% now of our total spending. So when to think about this right now is -- a lot of the growth is coming -- that you're seeing is coming from new card acquisition, but there will be an inorganic step up as the economy gets better. So -- and that gives us a lot of confidence of how we're positioned for future growth over the long-term, which gives us confidence to say aspiration-ally we should be a 10% plus revenue company. And that's why you see the guidance that we've given this year, both from a revenue perspective and EPS perspective.
