Kartik Ramachandran: Thank you, Daryl, and thank you all for joining today's call. As a reminder, before we begin, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about the company's future business and financial performance. These are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements are included in today's presentation slides and in our reports on file with the SEC. The discussion today also contains non-GAAP financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this quarter's earnings materials, as well as the earnings materials for the prior periods we discuss. All of these are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We will begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO who will start with some remarks about the Company's progress and results, and then Christophe Le Caillec, Chief Financial Officer will provide a more detailed review of our financial performance. After that, we'll move to a Q&A session on the results with both Steve and Christophe. With that, let me turn it over to Steve.
Kartik Ramachandran: For folks attending the call, we are going to dial back in. So please stay on the line. Or if the call does drop, we ask you to dial back in. Thank you.
Kartik Ramachandran: With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you again for joining today's call and for your continued interest in American Express. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions. Operator, back to you.
Stephen Squeri: Thank you. Q1 was another strong quarter with revenues up 11% year-over-year to $15.8 billion and EPS up 39% to $3.33. The trends we've seen for the past several years continued through the first quarter of 2024. Our double-digit revenue increase was driven by strong spending growth, up 7% overall on an FX-adjusted basis, with U.S. consumer card spending up 8% in the quarter and spending from international card members up 13% on an FX-adjusted basis. Spending by U.S. SME card members continued to be soft, but new customer acquisitions, retention and credit on our small business products all continue to be strong. Fee revenues again grew by double-digits, up 16% on an FX-adjusted basis. We continue to attract high spending, high credit quality customers to the franchise with new card acquisitions accelerating quarter-over-quarter, adding 3.4 million new cards in the quarter. Our fee-based products accounted for approximately 70% of the new account acquisitions globally and we continue to see strong demand from Millennial and Gen Z consumers, who accounted for over 60% of the new consumer account acquisitions globally. Finally, our credit metrics continue to be best-in-class. The ongoing momentum in our business is a result of the great work of our colleagues across the company and the loyalty and engagement of our premium customers around the world. Based on our performance and the trends we've seen through the first quarter, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of 9% to 11% revenue growth and EPS of $12.65 to $13.15. Our first quarter results continue to show that our strategy is working and we feel good about where we are and where we are heading. In 10 days, we'll be hosting our 2024 Investor Day. At that session, we'll have a series of presentations from our senior business leaders that, taken together, will demonstrate why we are confident that our long-term growth aspiration is the right one. We will discuss our strategy for growing our premium consumer base in the U.S. through our membership model, our plans for winning the recovery in the U.S. small business space, our runway for growth in international, our progress in expanding merchant coverage and enhancing our network capabilities globally, how we are driving efficiency, growth and service through technology, and how it all comes together from a financial perspective. We'll end our Investor Day with a Q&A session. Christophe will now take you through a detailed look at Q1 performance.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. Let me start and then Christophe can jump in. But when you look at overall spending, our overall spending is 7%, but consumer spending is 8%. And I think consumer spending is relatively strong. And when you look at international, international consumer spending is up 14%. And overall, international is up 13%. Where you're seeing some softness is in SME. And so SME is up approximately 1%. And so I think as SME comes back, which we look as an opportunity down the road, as SME comes back, that will drive some stronger spending. And I think the good things that we see from an SME perspective is that we are still acquiring cards, credit looks really good. And even though organic has come down, organic transactions have gone up. So I think in aggregate, we see softness. And I think a lot of that softness is driven from a commercial perspective, but 8% consumer growth in the U.S. is not too bad.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. I mean, so we invested more. And I think when you go back and you look at the first quarter of last year, we had 3.4 billion -- 3.4 million, excuse me, 3.4 billion would be a pretty sizable amount of cards to acquire in a quarter. 3.4 million cards acquired. And if you remember at that time, you had the SVB situation. And so there was a pullback. There was not only a pullback on our side, there was a little bit of a pullback in the industry. And I think there was some consumer trepidation as well. And so as the year went on, we started to build up, and it culminated this year with -- in the first quarter of 3.4 million cards. We invested more in marketing, as we said we were going to do. But I'd also like to highlight that a key driver of that acceleration is the product refreshes that we do. We've talked a lot how product refreshes really stimulate demand and how it makes our marketing dollars work a lot harder. And so we had the delta product refreshes. We had a product refresh in Japan. We had a Hilton small business card. We had a British Airways card. And we're on our way to those 40 product refreshes that we talked about. And what product refreshes do, they do stimulate demand, and it stimulates upgrades and so forth. So that's really what's behind the increase sequentially of cards quarter-over-quarter. But we are sort of back to where we were at this time last year.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. Well, it's really hard to say how it's going to play out over time. I mean, this has been going on probably close to 20 years, and it still has to be approved by the courts and we'll see. But what I would say is it really doesn't change sort of our strategy in any way. I mean, we are still focused on premium customers. Our customers still engage with the products. We'll demand to use the products. And we'll still maintain our virtual parity. So we'll see how it all plays out, but we are going to continue to focus on what we control. And the only other thing I would say is that our pricing is policies and structures are fundamentally different than the networks.
Stephen Squeri: Well, I think it truly is a virtuous cycle. And I think you've got it right. It's important to obviously acquire cards. And then as you acquire a card, you really want to engage them and get those cardholders spending in as many areas as they can. And so you look at this ramp-up period over maybe a zero to 24 month period. And then at that point in time, what's important is that we are engaging with the customer as a customer who is embedded within the franchise. And part of our marketing dollars not only goes to acquiring new customers -- but we look at how people are spending, we look at how they're spending relative to other people like them, and that's where you'll see offers to either upgrade cards, line increases, other products that we have. And so it's that constant engagement, it's the analytics that go behind it. That really leads to the retention. What you cannot do is once you have somebody, you just can't let them be stagnant. And so -- and there's a lot of learnings out of our commercial business and out of our merchant business where we have tremendous account managers that work with our clients on a daily basis, weekly basis to help them grow their spend. Now obviously, with tens of millions of consumer card members, you can't do that necessarily personally all the time, but you can do that through communicating through the channels that we have. And another big part of our value proposition and our service proposition is when people do call into us our customer care professionals are able to look at their spending, look at how they're doing and offer them other opportunities to really to grow with us, either from a -- again from a lending perspective or from a card upgrade perspective. So I think it's really important what happens on that back office as that continues to fuel that virtuous cycle.
Stephen Squeri: So let Christophe and get a little bit more into the detail. But I think you've hit on a really good a good point and one that really is part of our value proposition, whether it's embedded value that we get from our partners that's embedded in the value proposition and we're seeing that increase over time. And that's also, as you look at refreshes, you see that within the refreshes, but it's also the Amex offers and how we continue to work with our merchant partners to provide more benefits to our card members on an ongoing basis. So I think when you take that entire portfolio of the rewards opportunities that we have, the embedded value that comes within the value proposition and Amex offers all of that together, and it gets back to what Rick's point was, all of that together leads to more loyalty and more retention.
Stephen Squeri: So we're going to talk more about international at Investor Day. We'll have a separate segment on that. But we're also going to talk about how we continue to grow international coverage. And if you remember, a number of years ago, we talked about our international city strategy. We talked about industries we're going after. And so we'll provide some updates on that. But the top line is international acceptance continues to grow and continues to improve. And when you look at the international business growing at the rate it's growing and coverage continuing to grow, we see that as a long runway for future growth.
Stephen Squeri: Yes. I think that, Moshe, when you look at this, the SME has been -- this entire space has been sort of disrupted over the last four years or so maybe five years with COVID, where it took a tremendous drop for 18 months or so. And then all of a sudden, you had unbelievable unsustainable organic growth of like 19% and 20% in given years. It was crazy growth in '21 and '22. And we saw last year after the first quarter, it really started to wane. And again, a couple -- I think there's, again, a few reasons for that. I think there was a tremendous build-up in inventories. I think interest rates going up did not help from a small business perspective, especially as they thought about purchasing goods and services and buying those goods and services and stocking them in anticipation of another supply chain sort of malady or meltdown. And what we do like is that our acquisition is still very strong. The transactions, even within the tenured base, continue to go up, it's the larger transactions that we've really seen the organic decline on and a lot of that can be industry-specific construction, a lot of that can also be not buying -- not buying big inventories upfront. So I think what's important for us to focus on right now is to continue to acquire, continue to work with them and engaging with them. And then when they're ready to come back, we're there for them as they want to spend even more. As far as -- and I started the conversation with this, as far as overall spending, that's what makes me feel really good about our overall spending because we're able to grow 7% with our commercial business growing very low and small business is only growing at 1% and it's an important part of the franchise, and that's why we feel good because of the credit and of the new acquisition.
Christophe Le Caillec: Hey, Mihir. Thank you for the question. So you should think about it as a one-time thing. And the URR is 96%. It's still at 96%. What we do is, because it's such an important model for us, we, on a regular basis, redevelop the model. And every time we redevelop the model, we try to enhance the model. So we feed the model with more data and try to refine their URR calculation. That's exactly what happened. And when we did that in Q1, we came back with a little bit of a benefit. I say a little bit because you have to remember that the entire membership rewards bank is about $14 billion. It's a bit less than $14 billion. So $196 million is very small compared to the size of the balance sheet. And so it's a one-off, and we don't expect something similar anytime soon.
Christophe Le Caillec: The only thing I would add, Mark, is as we increase the NCA, the percentage of new cards that are coming at a fee-paying product remains stable, about 70%, right? So it talks about the quality of this 3.4 million new cards.
Christophe Le Caillec: Okay. Hey. Good morning, Craig. Under how we think about the balance of your so -- we -- as I say, we are going to stick to our EPS guidance, not going to change that range at this point in time. There are still a lot of things that need to play out in the balance of year end. We think that that guidance best represent what we expect at this point in time. Specifically about how to think about that URR benefit, as I said in my prepared remark, I would say that a significant portion of that benefit was reinvested on the marketing line. We knew -- we saw that benefit coming in the quarter, and we took advantage of that as well to dial up the marketing. So all-in-all, it doesn't have a meaningful impact on EPS for the full year. When it comes to their -- what we call their financial relief program and the modified loans, so this is an important program for us. We have -- within one of their best program in the industry, we have innovative. For instance, we have a short-term program. We are also, in that short-term program, enabling the card members to retain some spend capacity and usage of the product. So we really think that it's a differentiator to help the card members that are experiencing stress. So that program is working really well for us. It's very effective. And what I can say is that the enrollment in the program has moderated in Q1, and that the performance of the card members within this program is very, very strong. We have a ton of metrics. We -- one of the metrics we talked about in the past was we are looking at payment loyalty and how much the card members who are either in delinquent status or paying us versus paying our peers. And we like what we're saying, right? We're typically front of their wallet in terms of repayments, and it's definitely contributing to the strong credit metrics that you've seen. We think it's also consistent with our brand in terms of being there for our card members and having their back. So that program is working well. But just to be specific on your question, the enrollment in this program is moderating in Q1.
Christophe Le Caillec: So the product refreshes will go out through the year. We don't really talk about exactly when they're going to be released. But you can rest assured all 40 will or approximately 40 will be done. It's a little early to tell on the refreshes as it's still in the early stages here. But what I would say, from a delta reserve perspective, it has really, really gone well probably beyond our expectations. So that is a -- it's a great product. It's a -- we raised the fee $100 and added over $500 worth of -- $560 worth of value. So that's going well. And as I said, the proof will be in the pudding because refreshes really do help to drive demand. It drives awareness. It not only -- and it drives more engagement with existing cardholders. And it's been a strategy that has worked very, very well for us over the last number of years, and it's one that we are committed to on a go-forward basis because it's not only important to again drive demand, but you really you want to reignite and reengage with the base. And what we really do is we look at what our customers really want and make sure that we are adding that value that makes the most sense to them.
Christophe Le Caillec: And to build that a little bit on the rewards side, we are constantly trying to innovate on the MR side. On the number of partners engaged in the program, the ease of redemption as well one of their later innovation that is actually very successful in terms of how many card members are using it is the ability just to select the transaction on your statement, your digital statement and actually using more points to pay for that specific transactions. And we're seeing a lot of card members using that. So we're constantly trying to make it easier and better for our card members to redeem to make the product the MR program competitive and more and more economic as well for us. So it's definitely a pace of innovation that is a very dynamic place.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So we are -- we -- ICS and International was the fastest-growing segment of American Express pre-COVID and has been for several quarters now as well. The opportunity is just much bigger for us in international. We have either -- we're also investing everything else being equal, proportionately a bit more in international, their brand out in international, it's probably a bit more premium as well than it is in the US. So there's definitely a massive opportunity for us, and we're going after it. and that's baked in our guidance for this year. It's also factored in as we think about our long-term aspiration. Part of -- part of the things that we're going to do to deliver on that guidance for this year and that long-term aspiration is actually to grow at a faster pace in international. It's a great opportunity for us for sure.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So pay over time is a facility that is available on our charge product. It's a service that a lot of card members are taking advantage of. It's the opportunity for them to revolve some of their transactions or part of their balance, their performance is very strong. It's actually the segment of our balances that is the fastest growing. And from -- I would say from a performance standpoint, because that product, but that service is attached to our charge card products, so typically premium card members the credit performance is also the best that we have in our lending products. So it's a very efficient way for us to grow balances by extending credit to premium card members. And the first question, I forgot was funding? And so the funding mix is still -- it's still evolving towards more deposits -- and as you know, deposits is, for us, they're the most effective and the most economical source of fund. And it's a very stable source of fund as well for us. I think we are -- we are at about 92% of our deposit. Direct deposit balances are below the FDIC cap. So it's a stable, resilient growing source of funding for us, and it's generating a lot of good things for us, including supporting our growth and growth plan and growth aspiration. And when you look at the yield that I had on the lending slide, one of the drivers behind the yield expansion year-over-year is actually a more effective cost of fund. And it's not a one-off, right, that has been a trend for several years now, and there is more to come.
Christophe Le Caillec: All right. Let me start and I'm sure Steve will add up to this. So you're right. I mean the SME billed business has been in that 1%, 2% range for a year now. We think that this is macro driven and we have a ton of data that confirms that it's not specific to American Express, and the rest of the industry is experiencing similar trends. I will note, as I think, we said in the prepared remarks that on the acquisition side, it's going very strongly. So the demand for the product is there. Their quality of the applicant is there as well. And as we've said in the past, it's the -- I would say, the 10-year base that is moderating their spend. We'll see how it goes, those card members, the SME, as we've said in the past, have been going through a lot. They're certainly experiencing as well their compound effect of funding costs for several years now. And they are very careful in terms of how they're managing their cash flows and how they're spending. This being said, we are very focused at working with them, as I said, engaging with them. And we're confident that we have what it takes to win them back when they are ready to spend more.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yes. So things are in Q1 played out as we were expecting, right? We -- billed business came in similar to what we had experienced in the previous quarters. Card fee is moderating slightly from 17% to 16% FX-adjusted growth rate. And we're still expecting that it will pick up a little bit in the balance of your on the back of the things that you said, including the card refreshes and acquiring a lot of premium cards. And NII at 26% is going to keep moderating because balances are moderating. So the guidance for the full year is still to be between 9% and 11%. We'll see exactly how things play out. There are still a lot of things to find out how the late payment charges are going to come in, what's going to happen with the interest rates. So best at this stage, I think, is to stick to the full year guidance of 9% to 11%. And -- but I would say it's Q1 validated the trends and the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year.
Craig Maurer: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you. So I wanted to ask about your assumptions on Page 23 of the deck. It looks like for quarters, the second and third quarter, you are assuming a better macro scenario in the U.S. So just curious within combination of the rewards.
Craig Maurer: Okay, sorry. So what I was saying was with the what seems to be firmer macro assumptions for quarters, second quarter -- second and third quarter, and the rewards benefit, how come EPS guide was held flat? I'm assuming there's probably a bigger buffer in there. And second, if you could comment on what the trends have been in your loan workout program? Have you been seeing higher lower additions to that program? And how's progress been in terms of getting consumers on good payment plans and maintaining them? Thanks.
Craig Maurer: So wanted to ask about the assumptions later in the deck. It looks like you're assuming a firmer economic environment for quarters two and three. So taking that with the benefit on rewards, should we assume there's a larger buffer built into your guide because you didn't raise EPS guide? And second, along the same lines, I wanted to ask about your loan workout program. Are you seeing any change in terms of the pace of loans being added or loans being worked out and how loans are progressing through that program? Thanks.
