Ken Chenault: Thanks, Toby and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. We have a lot to cover with you today, including a review of our fourth quarter and update on the Costco portfolio sale, and our outlook for 2016 and 2017. I'm joining the call today as I thought it was important to share my thoughts on the financial outlook and the evolving operating environment. Before Jeff begins, let me acknowledge that the performance we're discussing today is not what we or you are accustomed to say from American Express, and that we are taking significant actions to change the trajectory of our business going forward. During our remarks, we'll address three main questions. Why has our view of 2016 and 2017 changed? What are we doing about it? Why are we confident in our ability to grow over the moderate to long-term? So with that, let me turn it over to Jeff.
Ken Chenault: Yes, I would just add to what Jeff said is that, one we recognized early that the economics of the co-brand marketplace were changing and certainly that competitor pressures throughout the industry were likely to increase and that's one of the reasons Don that we initiated two separate restructuring initiatives in 2014 which was well before we knew how our Costco negotiations would come out and I think those initiatives certainly helped us to hold OpEx growth below our target again flat in 2015. Then in February as we talked about, we recognized that the termination of the Costco relationship was going to create a short-term volume and revenue gap and that's why we said it's possible that we take an additional restructuring charge. We know what the situation is now, but that also would be based impart on the revenue and volumes growth that we saw in other parts of our business. And as Jeff said in his opening remarks, the revenue and billings growth is not accelerated as we would have expected and so we're working to right-size the course of the cost base, there are variable costs that we can take out relatively quickly, but there are fixed costs as well and that's going to take time to transition, but I think that the reengineering plan that we have put in place gives us a lot of confidence that we can realize the cost objectives that we have put in place and we can do it in a way that is not going to impair our ability very importantly to build on the range of growth opportunities that we’ve identified.
Ken Chenault: Yes I would, I think what’s important is while certainly Sanjay the revenues and the volumes are not where we want them to be. I would just go back if we look at the competitive environment and look at the large issuers. We are at least generating an adjusted 4% growth rate against the backdrop of a more challenging economic environment. And as we have continued to maintain over the last several years a intensifying competitive environment, what we’ve seen from our large issuing peers is despite the investments they’re making and the billings growth, they’re not achieving much revenue growth. So our revenue growth is certainly better I’d like it in fact to be accelerated and we believe it will in 2015. I think again the investments that we’ve made in card acquisitions have frankly been performing in general in line with our expectations. Now, we are constantly reviewing our investment alternatives and while allocating those dollars, we believe we can generate the best returns. And I think as we’ve said when some of those initiatives are not working enterprise growth was an example of that. What I’ve also been pleased with is the increasing way that we are using our technology and our data analytics to improve our marketing programs and to make them more effective. So I think there is always some lead time as we have talked about between when we are making investments and when we see the returns, but I think it's not just the sign post that we've seen in card in bringing in new cards, but it's also some of the sign posts that we're seeing in some of the services and capabilities that we're providing something like pay with points which we're seeing from a standpoint of young people there is an attraction and engagement to those programs. I think what we've done with some of our digital partnerships I think the progress that we've made with OptBlue and then I go back to what I think has been very strong performance in a range of international markets. So I think that that's the balance.
Ken Chenault: Well I think that's Craig a multi-layered question, so let me hit it on some different pathways as we go forward. I think one is if you look at the issuing side of the business and you focus on the spend centric versus the lend centric, I go back to a point that Jeff made in talking about the fourth quarter results and certainly we have said this in the past, if you look at net interest income as a percentage of revenues that range is around 15% to 20%, in the fourth quarter it was 18%. So at the end of the day, the progress that we're making on lending and I should add to that growing better than the industry with industry leading credit performance and I think we're getting good spending on those cards, I think that is working well for us as I look at it on the issuing path. So I feel pretty good about the viability of our spend centric model. The second thing that I would say is that the nature of just focusing on specific customer segments and just focusing on one geography in the U.S. so what's interesting is when you look at small business and I think you know this in 2014 $4.8 trillion were spent by small businesses, but only 10% of that was on plastic and where we are the market leader in small business. So I think that it's not just the payment industry dynamics that we're competing with in this case, we're competing against cash checks and the fact that only 10% of 4.8 trillion is on plastic suggests there's a strong opportunity, I can do the same thing in middle market. Then I go to international and I look at a range of markets where the penetration against plastic is relatively low and we've actually achieved pretty good growth rate, so 12% in billings growth in a number of markets we're growing faster than the market. So I think when you look at the breadth of our portfolio in consumer, small business and corporate and the geographic and the fact that we are competing also against cash and checks. That gives me some confidence relative to both the growth and the economics. Now I will absolutely admit that's why I started off, there's a reset on co-brand economics. That certainly is a challenge, but we are not overly dependent on co-brands and we have a range of opportunities that we are pursuing. On the merchant side, let's be very clear Visa and MasterCard have different models at this point in time those models are working pretty well for them, but as I look at our opportunities going forward, I think there is a sea change going on in payments and commerce. So certainly they provide an important part of the payments process, but I think increasingly it's going to be very important to have direct relationships with consumers and merchants and we think direct relationships in the inside, the information that we have from card members and merchants is going to be even more valuable as the convergence of online and offline commerce continues. And so building on the relationships inherent in our integrated model provides the foundation we think to deliver strong value to our shareholders. So I think that that is going to be an important development as we go forward. What I would also say is that when you look at the value that we provide and certainly regulation is playing a role in the merchant business. But I do want to avoid sort of an apples-to-oranges comparison between the Visa and MasterCard rate structure, which is enormously complicated and that varies significantly by product. And I would say that our merchant rates really do reflect the value that we provide. And so the fact that as you know card member spending is 3 to 4 times the amount on Visa and MasterCard, I think Visa has consistently increased their prices in the nation groups and that obviously is a dynamic there. But when I relate that to the importance of how we drive value going forward and direct relationships that we have with the end-user customer and the merchant and the changes in commerce, I think that we have the ability to compete. So you’ve got to look at the breadth of the portfolio and the number of levers that we have to pull.
Ken Chenault: I’d just say two or three things Jeff, is one what we’ve seen on the operating expense side if I just take small business and middle market what we’ve seen is the expansion of our salesforce the return on that has been substantial even though that adds to OpEx that is a very-very good trade-off that we want to make. But I just come back on the rewards point because there’re different categories of rewards. There is cash back, there is co-brands and the reality is if you look at how we’ve managed the cost for example of membership rewards I think we’ve been able to manage those costs very well. When we look at the engagement of our customers on membership rewards, it’s been very strong. So I mentioned that that segment of 30 and under is very attracted to pay with points. And so the deals we’ve done with Airbnb and Uber are very attractive to that segment. And one of the reasons why is because we have a program that’s over 20 years old and in fact we have a very large number of points in our bank. So I think as with other categories, when you look at rewards, you’ve got a segment and you’ve got to look at the economics of cash back, you’ve got to look at co-brands as we’ve talked about and certainly the margins have been squeezed more in co-brands. But the fact that we have a very broad-based rewards program that we continue to evolve we’ve made more digital, we’ve made more mobile, I think gives us a flexibility in how we manage the overall reward gains of our customers.
Ken Chenault: Yes, so I think Bill the way to think about it is as I said in my remark, we are -- we will use the gain partially to remain at the more elevated level of growth oriented spending that we were at in 2015 and then in fact Moshe was just talking to us about in terms of how we will rationally pull it down through 2017. That is a change if I go back to the way we first talked about 2016 in February and March last year at our Investor Day, our assumption had been we will begin to moderate that growth oriented spending down in 2016. As the gain has come in as we've looked at all the things going on in the Company, we have made the decision that the right thing to do for the long-term is to stay at that higher level. Now in terms of the exact amount, I guess if there's a little bit of judgment Bill involved in that, certainly a very substantial piece of the gain is being used to keep our investments up at a higher level is it all the gain, probably not, is it the majority of the gain probably I'm hesitant to put a firm number on it because that's not reflective of how we run the Company, we look at the range of opportunities we have that we think make sense either shareholders' money on for the long-term we are funding those up very fully in 2016 and that soaks up a good portion of the gain. Yes the point I would make Jeff is that American Express has had a velocity of how we've used gains overtime and where we see growth opportunities and those of you who followed the Company for a while might recall that we had a fairly substantial gain over a multiyear period in the Visa MasterCard private action and so the damages claim was in I think the first amount charged was probably $1 billion I think it was $3 billion in total, I can't remember it exactly, but the reality is that we believe we had a range of opportunities to invest in growing our business middle market was an example and small business and I think what we demonstrated is we used those gains in a very-very productive way. So when I look at what we can do relative to adding new card members, deepening customer relationships from a lending, reward standpoint, we believe even though commercial payments had a slower year in 2015 we see that as an area for investment going forward. So this has been pretty consistent that where we have seen opportunities either to make investments in technology platforms or from a growth standpoint, we've done that and I think we've had a pretty good track-record of basically achieving the outcomes that we set out to.
Ken Chenault: What I would say Ryan is our managements and it start with pay with performance and so what we have is very clear objectives around each of our businesses whether that's consumer, commercial, merchant, international. We obviously factor in what are some of the external factors that we need to weigh, but we have very clear objectives that we have set for the Company overall and for particular businesses. And I think we have a demonstrated track-record that we hold our people accountable. So what we have not had is a situation that someone simply says that it will be certainly will be reflected in our compensation is because it's a challenging economic environment that people get a pass that’s not the way we operate as a Company. On the other side, there are different strategic initiatives and particular areas that we’re going to make multiyear investments in and we established certain signposts to judge the effectiveness and the performance of those activities. And it is a very rigorous process that we very consistently review not only as a management team but with our Board and the comp committee in particular on a regular basis throughout the year.
Ken Chenault: I think as we’ve said, hopefully we believe that we’ll see some improvement but I think we’ve been very clear throughout the year that I would say the segments that I’ve been most disappointed in has been the corporate segment. And I think you have heard me say this before through the years that the easiest expense category to cut is T&E that’s the first thing you see. Then you start to see people cutting on technology investments. And we hope that we’ll see some improvements in that in 2016. But as I evaluate 2014, that was an area that in the beginning of the year we started off in a better place, and we saw a pretty consistent decline. And certainly what we’ve seen in my 30 plus years experience with the Company is cut backs in T&E tends to be an early indicator for a slowdown. And I am not sure what will happen going forward. But what we do believe is we’ll see some improvement in the growth in commercial in 2016.
Ken Chenault: Well, I think I’d maybe answer that in two parts. So something it closed in is the first quarter Bob you really look at just some of the things that is happening right. So, FX while still a headwind for us is not as big a headwind as you get into the first quarter. We’ll see what happens with oil prices. A couple of weeks ago I would have told you I think they’re going to -- we’re going to get to a lapping point on oil prices although those have gotten a little bit of tougher. And then when you just look at some other things going on in our business including Costco Canada, the areas that we have been focused on throughout 2015 in terms of spending and the trends we’re seeing, we do think that as soon as Q1 you should see some acceleration in the year-over-year volume trends that you’ve been seeing. As you think more broadly across the year, I mean certainly we worry about all the same broad macroeconomic risks and trends that you talked about. But we are just balancing that against all the other things that we’re doing to try to accelerate revenue growth. And the fact that 2015 was another year of not particularly great growth and yet we still got on an FX adjusted basis to 4% revenue growth and we think we can do better than that in 2016.
Ken Chenault: Yes, here is what I would say, Bob, is we are not seeing decelerating trends. We’re certainly not seeing in the overall economic catalyst that would say that we think there are going to be improvements in GDP growth. But I think the indicators that and the reasons that Jeff cited, we are really focused on our business model and the reasons why we think we’ll see improved revenue growth. And I would keep it at that. I think as with most people, I don’t think we are of the view that we're going to see a dramatic change in the improvement in the U.S. economy. We hope things hold and I would say we hope certainly I'm not predicting that things will get a little bit better, but I certainly would not bank our plan on seeing a dramatic improvement in GDP growth, that's certainly not an assumption at all that we are making for our plan.
Ken Chenault: The only other point Jeff I would make is obviously I think most people are aware of the second circuit court of appeals which issued an order granting a temporary stay of the trial court’s injunction. And so what that means is as long as that order remains in effect, American Express is no longer subject to the trial court’s injunction. And so that means that we are entitled to enforce the pre-injunction non-discrimination provisions. And so we’re obviously awaiting the pallet court’s decision which we don’t know when will be coming out. But I think that was an important development that occurred towards the end of the year.
Ken Chenault: I think Jeff where it does go to is really the underlying strength of the business model. As you pointed out relative to the performance in 2015 and as we talked about what we see as the opportunity is going forward in 2016 and 2017.
Ken Chenault: Yes, I mean the point I would make is Cheryl I can’t give you a specific timeframe, but the farthest I’ll go is to say it is several years, which certainly 10 years ago I wouldn’t even come close to saying it’s several years. I think we’ve made some really strong progress I’ve been pleased with the momentum that we’ve seen with OptBlue I just reinforced what Jeff said is the growing mix of business within the retail and everyday sector is obviously very critical to the expansion of OptBlue and obviously some of the regulation that we’re seeing in some of the key international markets. But as we’ve talked about before, the increased coverage also has an impact on improving the perception of coverage which should help our growth. Now, that takes time for perception to catch up with reality. And to the earlier point that Jeff made if we can start to see some improvement in the corporate business, that’s going to help. But we consciously understood that with expansion of OptBlue we were going to have a greater mix of retail and every day and that’s something that we want to see because that increases the utility of our acquired products.
Ken Chenault: The only point I’d make Jeff and I would say we’re in an even better situation because of the progress we’ve made on data analytics and performance marketing. But if we go back over the last 15 years, the reality is we’ve gone through periods of elevated spending where we saw opportunities and then we’ve reaped the benefits three, or four, or five years, down the road, even when we have moved down those level spending. So we have an opportunity and we’re taking advantage of it. And I would say the analytics and the capabilities that we’ve developed give me confidence that we’ll take advantage of those opportunities and the efficiencies that we have brought to bear in our business over the last several years have really produced good results. So we feel that that dynamic is something that we can continue. And we’re going to continue to push very aggressively.
Ken Chenault: Yes, so to be very precise think about 2015 base of 11.3 which takes out those doesn’t really include the Q4 charge. And so as we think about the billion dollar cost target the reality is we’ve done the easy stuff. It will take until the end of 2017 to get to a full run rate, but if you think about full year 2017 results, we should get at least down 3% below 2015.
Ken Chenault: So we’ll split this up, I’ll do Starwood and I’ll have Jeff talk about FX, obviously it would be totally inappropriate for me to go in to the terms of the contract. But what I would say that’s very clear is that if you have a group of customers that in fact have relied on getting very strong value for a product, the last thing you want to do is diminish the value of the product. And as I said earlier, and not just from us but if you look at independent card surveys, the SBT product is one of the highest rated products from a value standpoint. So, I think that the Marriott people are very customer centric, very smart, and I don’t think they would have done this deal if the objective was to dilute the value of products to some of their most important customers. So that would just be my perspective, I don’t have any information from them there. But I do know in some of what I have read publicly they have talked about their excitement about having this size of customer and the value that they put on it. And so that would be my perspective.
Jeff Campbell: Thanks Ken. As a reminder, our ongoing goal is to provide a greater opportunity for more analysts to ask a question during the session. Therefore, before we open up the lines for Q&A, I will ask those in the queue to please limit yourselves to just one question. Thank you for your cooperation in this process. With that, the operator will now open up the line for questions, operator.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think Don it's fair to say we take our best shot at estimating what we think a reasonable capital return is based on our view of our capital strength and our opportunities. Of course as you well know we'll have to see if the Fed agrees with this, but certainly what we have built-in is what we think is a very healthy return on capital.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the way I guess I would answer that Don and I'd remind you Costco is 20% of our loans and look our net interest income is only about 18% of our income statement so they are about 8% of our billings for the co-brand, another 1% for other merchant acceptance. I think the broader way to really think about it is that as Ken said in his remarks, we recognize that there are many things that have changed in the environment we are in and as we have gone through 2015, we have not seen the revenue acceleration that we had expected to see. If you go back to our Investor Day in March, if you go back to the original conference call we did last February when Ken and I talked about our decision to walk away from the Costco agreement, we said we're going to have to see how much other volumes ramp-up and what the pace is of that ramp and exactly what the final outcome is of when the Costco portfolio goes away and in what way, well we have those answers now and when you put all of that together with the evolving environment that we are in we concluded we need to be much more aggressive about all aspects of our cost base. So I don’t think Don you can really attribute it to any one factor, it's the confluence of all the things that Ken and I talked about this afternoon.
Jeff Campbell: I think Ken what is very pleasing to us and this goes back to the broad range of opportunities set we have, we clearly are pleased with the growth we’re seeing in against premium cards. We also have a very good small business franchise. International, as we’ve said, is performing well for us. Certainly what we are benefiting from is to have a variety of card growth initiatives. So very frankly it is really across the board that we’re seeing this card acquisition growth. And certainly the point that we have emphasized, it’s one thing to get the cards and we’re excited and we think we’re getting the right types of cards. But we also have a demonstrated track-record of in fact generating spending on those cards. And that’s very important. But what I would say, the headline would be that we feel very good about the growth that we’re seeing across the franchise.
Jeff Campbell: Sanjay let me just go back and explain how things have evolved over the last year and then Ken you might want to provide a little broader context. As you think about the course of 2015, we clearly did have an expectation that you would a significant sequential strengthening in both volumes and revenues. And as we went through the year that clearly did not happen. As we thought about that Sanjay in the context of our forward outlook, at some point when revenues weaken a little bit, as you know we have a financial model that has lots of levers and we can pull those levers at different times. With regards to the end of the year though and looked at a full year revenue growth not being where we thought it would be, we concluded it didn’t make sense to pull the levers as hard as we would have had to pull them to get to where we had hoped to get to in 2016 and ’17. And so we’ve adjusted course. So I think there is many-many drivers of that slower revenue growth which Ken and I tried to get in our remarks, but Ken you probably want to provide a little broader context.
Jeff Campbell: Can I just kind of summarize, if you think about 2015 Sanjay you had oil that kept going lower, you had FX that kept going against us, the economy was weaker than people thought and you have accumulative impact of regulation and competition. All that said, as we get into 2016 for all the reasons Ken talked about, our expectation and you should expect to see some acceleration in our volume and revenue growth trends beginning in the first quarter.
Jeff Campbell: All right Moshe to be clear rewards were not what I was referencing. What we’re talking about is when you look across the range of things we spend in the market and promotional area and the operating expense area. When we look at our evolving digital acquisition, our evolving use of Big Data, when we look at certain markets, Ken just talked about the breadth of our business model where in fact we’re increasingly finding the use of direct salesforces to be a more effective way to grow than certain of our more traditional marketing and promotional efforts, we absolutely look at that from our marketing and promotional line and see a pathway to moderate down the level of spend without losing any ability to grow revenues. And so as we think about taking the billion dollars out of the cost base, we very consciously have said while the majority of that will certainly come out of operating expenses. There are instances where in fact it makes more economic sense for us to pull down marketing and promotional expenses and actually grow operating expenses. And we want the flexibility to do the right thing to drive revenue growth going forward.
Jeff Campbell: Let me quickly Chris take the latter two and then Ken you should chat about the M&As. Question is certainly in '15 you see an impact from European deregulation because while we're not subject to the interchange caps the reality is as we've said for a while it puts some downward pressure on our discount rate as we really believe our merchants who saw that impact in '15 have to see a little bit more of it in '16 probably get -- need to get all the way to '17 before we fully lap that space into all of our thoughts. On Starwood, we'll have to see, we think we do a great job and have a great partner for Starwood we think we have a great partnership and I think SPG is one of the assets that Marriott is acquiring, but we'll have to see over the longer term exactly where Marriott decides to take the two programs. Yes, so I would just say on private label, I don’t see that as an area that we're going to pursue. I think as we talked about there are aspects of non-card lending both in consumer and commercial that we're certainly taking a look at and I think we believe that we have a range of opportunities as we look at lending, we don’t think we're getting our fair share of blend from existing customers that we have and we see that as an opportunity. I think that private label you got to think through the different cycles and as we look at the different cycles in private lending in private label lending, we actually think that we can have more balanced growth and have a more balanced risk profile in the way that we are conducting our lending strategy. I would just say to add a little bit on Starwood and then I'll talk about how we're looking at acquisitions overall that I would emphasize and I think it is certainly one of the reasons why Marriott made the deal is they were very-very focused on the high quality customer that Starwood has, SPG which is what their co-branded card is called is viewed very positively. You may or may not know when the deal was announced there was a lot of buzz on social media from the Starwood SPG customers saying we really love this product, there were a lot of good things said about AmEx. I had a lot of respect for the Marriott management and I think our job as we've been doing is to provide really-really strong value and if we do that, I think we're going to be fine, so that' what we're going to be focused on. On the acquisition side, the reality is as we look at a range of different opportunities, I think the loyalty partner example is a very good one. One we see it as a very manageable acquisition, but it also plays off a number of the capabilities and takes advantage of the merchant relationships that we have and what you know in the loyalty partner model that I think is quite attractive is the merchant actually funds the reward on loyalty partner. And so we're in the early stages as you know with the Plenti launch we actually announced I think it was two days ago that Chile's restaurant chain has come on and part of what you want with this program, we've got Macy's AT&T, ExxonMobil, nationwide a range of companies if you want to get people a range of redemption options where they can buy something in one place redeem somewhere else and having the different need categories and that is very important so we're very happy to have Chile's in the Plenti program. But I do think as we look at the merchant side, as we look at consumer, as we look at commercial, we think there are a range of opportunities of that obviously if we feel they’re going to leverage some of the assets and capabilities or bring us some of the assets and capabilities what we would look as we looked at with loyalty partner is can they substantially improve the size and scale and the growth of those businesses. And so that’s the philosophy that we’re going to take from an acquisition standpoint.
Jeff Campbell: So the specific things on regulation really that we’re referring to Chris are around the European regulation, which went into effect in early December, as well as some new rulings in Australia and that will also impact our business. So that’s really the main driver there. In terms of 2016 guidance to be very clear as we said in the press release our 5.40 to 5.70 range does not include any potential restructuring charges. I did say and I would expect that it is likely we will take restructuring charges in 2016, at this point while we have lots of work streams that have been underway for a while. We are not at the point where we can estimate those charges and therefore give you any sense of them, which is why we didn’t feel comfortable trying to build it into any guidance. That said, if you might just if you look at history as Ken said earlier, we have over the last couple of years done a number of restructurings and those probably give you a reasonable range to think about.
Jeff Campbell: So David, we will do everything we can. We did chose to go to absolute levels of EPS because there are so many moving pieces in our results as you go through the ’15 to ’16, to ’17, time frame but it is very difficult I think for people to make sense of just talking about growth rates. As I said in my remarks so if you carefully do the math you only get to the at least 5.60 in earnings per share that we’re targeting in 2017 if you have what I recall a very healthy core growth rate as you move from ’16 to ’17. In ’15 alone and I would point out directing people through the math if you think about the 5% or so of EPS that’s a co-brand reset cost that’s which will lap, FX impact of 3% to 4% and then the $0.10 or so was about 2 points of EPS growth that 2014 had it as the net gain from chief global business travel and Concur transactions. So if you ended up with a core that’s growing not quite where we would think a still appropriate consistent target is 12% to 15% but showing pretty good growth. And to get to that 2017 number you’re going to have to better the math and get out the acceleration and revenue growth that Ken and I talked about. So to try to put a specific number on it, gets I think very confusing and you start to run together what’s part of our billion dollar cost reduction versus normal OpEx leverage and that’s -- it is a combination of those things that led us to say here is just the absolute numbers we think we can get to.
Jeff Campbell: So, three things Cheryl on my specific comment that we do expect to see more year-over-year decline in the discount rates in 2016. The drivers are really just what you said; number one, OptBlue as we continue to build it out, the cumulative impact does grow a little larger as you get into 2016. We continue to believe that program is good for us economically. We passed the breakeven point in 2015 and we think we are making great progress in that program too. You do see a greater impact in 2016 from the regulation in Europe and its impact on merchant negotiations as I talked about earlier. And three, you do have some mix issues right. So in the first half of the year, oddly enough as we completely finish lapping Costco in Canada that was helping our year-over-year discount rate a little bit in 2015. As you have seen a little bit less growth in the corporate card business, that tends to be spending at a mix of merchants that tends to be a little bit higher in terms of discount rate and as growth in the U.S. has been a little slower than it has been historically, relative to the U.S. that also causes puts a little bit of pressure on the discount rates from a mix perspective. So it’s all of those things that drove the comment I made about expecting a larger year-over-year discount rate decline in 2016. And then Ken you might want to comment and cover it up a little.
Jeff Campbell: Well, David the shorter answer is no, I am not going to walk you through that level of detail because we would consider it competitively sensitive to be that precise about the areas we’re targeting that there’re opportunities and also because as the world changes, it’s very important that we retain flexibility to react to the evolving environment and we go back to the things I talked about earlier, what makes us believe we can moderate spending without losing our ability to run revenues well it is due evolving use of Big Data, the growth in the percentage of our new card acquisitions that comes from digital channels that are very efficient and it's through focusing on the areas of greatest opportunity.
Jeff Campbell: And on FX, our comments today are based on the world as it exists today. And so we basically presume all of the increase or strength of the U.S. dollar that you’re seeing today but not that it continues to get worse. On provision, we’ve been very consistent in saying. We see a continued pathway to have loan growth grow at a good cliff. Obviously, provision will grow with it. And as we continue to get the cumulative impact of a lot of really good growth in loans then you have a different mix more early tenure folks. And so there is a little bit of seasoning that will also drive these provision rates up a bit. So that’s all built into the commentary we made today.
