Daniel Henry: So as you know, I wouldn't forecast the third quarter. What I would say is the first quarter was impacted by a refinement in our estimation process with an element in the first quarter and why we had a growth rate that was higher than the growth in spending. The second quarter was a little different in that it was really driven by the fact that, because of the enhancements that we've made in the program, we saw more engagement, more redemptions on the part of our Cardmembers. And also, we saw a shift in redemption to some options that had a higher cost to it. So the things that drove the first quarter and the second quarter were slightly different. As I indicated, we could see the URR increase somewhat in the future, but that will be completely dictated by the behavior of our customers. And really, the key point here is that we want to enhance the program, we want greater levels of customer engagement. It creates loyalty. The economics around products that have the Membership Rewards feature on it are very good. So while engagement in the quarter causes us to align our balance sheet reserve with that behavior and, therefore, has expense in the period, long-term we think is very good for the franchise. So as relates to Facebook, we are constantly interacting with folks in the marketplace, thinking about how we can capitalize on the digital space. So this was not a bidding process. This was us looking to see how we can provide relevance and value to our customers broadly and, in particular, to small businesses. So this is all about creating value and relevance for both customers and merchants in a way that provides a positive result, both for Facebook, for American Express, for merchants and for customers.
Daniel Henry: So multiple questions there. So the drivers of Billed business. So even adjusting for FX, 15% FX-adjusted growth is really very strong. It's clearly at the very top end in the industry. Based on the data we've seen so far, I would suspect we'll continue to gain share, which is one of our major objectives. It is a combination of both performance of our current customers and the new customers that we're acquiring. So while we're not seeing large percentage increases in proprietary cards, the quality of the Cardmembers that we are acquiring is really very good. So we are focused on high spenders who want to utilize charge cards. We're also focused on premium lending. And at the end of the day, we're providing a value proposition to both new customers and existing customers that are causing them to decide to spend on our products as opposed to someone else's. At the end of the day, it's a combination of the rewards programs that we've put in place and the enhancements that we have made as well as the customer service that we provide. And as you know and I said many times, J.D. Power does the survey for the industry. As relates to service, we've been #1 for several years. So I think it's a combination of all those factors and the investments that we've been making over the past couple of years that are paying off with higher levels of spend. So to move to your second question about the ultimate redemption rate, the ultimate redemption rate in the first quarter we indicated was 92%. The ultimate redemption rate is also 92% in the second quarter. Now as I said, we've actually seen a tick-up in redemptions. So in the first quarter, it was 92%, but we were actually rounding up to get to 92%. In the second quarter, we were at 92%, but we're rounding down to 92%. So there's been an increase in what we have reserved in terms of ultimate redemption rate from the first to the second quarter, but they both round to 92%. The third question regarding the NPV of customers, so the NPV of customers that we're acquiring continues to be very strong. As you know, when we acquire customers, we think about not the cost to acquire them solely in this year or what their performance is next year, but it's really their performance over many, many years to figure out the economic value of that investment. And those investments acquiring the customers continue to be good. In terms of is it impacting the margins on existing customers, to the extent we are successful in putting the right value proposition out there, we avoid attrition, right? And if we have attrition, higher attrition, then we need to acquire more new Cardmembers. So the fact that these enhancements are lowering attrition has a very strong economic benefit attached to it. And as I said in my comments when I was going over the slides, we are comfortable that we can continue to enhance the Membership Rewards program and still maintain our current financial targets.
Daniel Henry: So there has been a war for the premium end of the payments industry for 15 years. And if we were back 10 or 15 years ago, we would be talking about people wanting to move into our space. And if we were complacent, I think we would lose share. But we're not. We continue to innovate. We continue to improve the value proposition that we provide to customers. That's a combination of rewards, Cardmember services, servicing. It's also us being cognizant that our customers want to be able to utilize the digital space more. We are very focused on that. You can see the recent announcements that we've made with Foursquare, with Facebook. I think those are all reflections of us innovating and providing value to customers. Now as we do that, it's important that we have the right business model to not only grow Billed business and grow revenues, but to have the right profitability associated to that. And again, over the last decade, I think we have continued to have the right level of profitability. And we think we have sufficient flexibility in our business model to continue to achieve our financial targets. So I think you're right, there's a very competitive landscape out there. We've been successful competing in that market, and we think we will continue to be successful as we go forward.
Daniel Henry: DOJ was in the paper today as the cause, I guess, approved the settlement agreement between DOJ and Visa-MasterCard. As we've said in the past, we have provisions, non-discriminatory provisions, in our contract. We believe that if the merchant accepts American Express that when the Cardmember chooses to use that, our product, that they're not discriminated against. We also do not believe that we have market power. If you don't have market power, it's hard to see how we're driving anticompetitive behaviors. So we continue to plan to vigorously defend our position as it relates to DOJ. As it relates to the Visa merchant suit, you'd have to really talk to them about where that stands.
Daniel Henry: Okay, so that's lots of questions. Hopefully I don't miss some. So if you look at Slide 4, you're right that they are growing at slightly different growth rates, with GNS being the strongest. When we look at card growth internationally, a lot of that is being driven -- or GNS is growing cards at a faster rate than the proprietary business is growing in. I think that's a reflection of us or of our partners recognizing the value of issuing products that run on our network. Those additional cards are driving the growth in Billings that we've seen. And as I pointed out, this has been a success story over many years, and certainly over the last 7 quarters, GNS has grown greater than 20%. So I think that's a very good story. And while GNS is growing faster than the other segments, if you look at Slide 4, you can see that each segment on an FX-adjusted basis is growing in the double-digits, and they all have been doing it for 4 or 5 quarters. So I think the breadth of the growth in Billed business is encouraging and the stability of that growth is also encouraging. So even though there are slight variations, I think we're being successful across all the segments, U.S. consumer, U.S. small business, International Consumer, Commercial Card globally, they all have really very, very good growth rates. So there's some differentiation, but I think they're good. I would say that we -- and we have said that we think there is lots of opportunity in international markets. And so we have allocated more resources in terms of investment dollars to International. And we expect to get good returns on that. I think the investments we've been making broadly across the company, I think, reflect that. Also, the fact that on a regional basis, we've also had double-digit growth across all the regions, again, is encouraging because it's so broad-based. And again, we've had double-digit growth across the regions on an FX-adjusted basis for several quarters. So that's a positive. So switching to expenses and other other. So other other has the credit related to the settlement payments we receive from Visa-MasterCard. So you should expect the absence of the $150 million from MasterCard next quarter, just have that line pop up. And when we get to the first quarter of 2012 and we no longer have the Visa $70 million, it will pop up again. So as we focus on operating expense, there are lots of resources there. I think it's $2.9 billion. We're looking at the composite of that and how we utilize those resources. So we'll be looking to slow the growth in operating expense as we exit this year and go into next year. We won't necessarily be focused on each individual line item, but in aggregate, it's our goal to slow the growth rate in operating expense. So I don't know if I remembered all of your questions.
Daniel Henry: So I think Billed business growth in the U.S. is really quite strong and very similar to the aggregate Billed business growth. So we're not seeing domestic U.S. spending falling behind. It continues to be quite good. If you're looking at discount revenue growing at 16% instead of 18%, if you look at GNS Billings, we share some of the discount rate with our partners. So the revenues related to those Billings are lower than if we have proprietary Billings. GNS has very good economics, good profitability, excellent ROE. It just happened to have less discount rate attached to each solidly [ph]. That's one of the factors. When you look at contra revenue, whether the incentive to corporate customers or partner payments, I think the vast majority of those are volume-related. And that's the primary driver. There may be some exceptions in there, but I think the vast majority are performance-based at the end of the day. So even if it winds up with a slightly lower discount rate, it still has very good economics attached to it. So if you're looking at U.S. Card Services information in our supplements or on the tables, the revenue line says discount revenue, net card fees and other. And so you're looking at 8% growth. That's really being driven by card fees in the other revenue lines, not by poor performance in Billed business.
Daniel Henry: Yes. I don't have it right in front of me, all those line items, but if you look at the consolidated numbers, net card fees are growing at 5%.
Daniel Henry: So if you were to go back in history, rewards expense as a percentage of revenues would have been lower than what it is today. And in part, that's because in the first quarter and the second quarter, we've had this greater engagement by our customers and, therefore, a higher ultimate redemption rate and cost per point, that's related to the volume of those periods but also the alignment of the reserve with the most recent customer behaviors. So we have many levers within our business model that we can utilize. We can decide to acquire higher-quality customers that reduces provision as a percentage of revenue. We can decide to provide greater rewards. We could spend more money on acquiring customers utilizing MNP, we could hire more people at sales force, we could hire more people to build analytical capabilities or risk capabilities. So these are all the different ways we can use our resources, and we make decisions as we think about what our strategies are going to be and how we're going to provide value to our customers and our merchants. And we really, over the course of time, make those trade-offs. So I think going to one period and saying they're X and then try to compare them solely to another period without factoring in all the other levers that we're pulling would be kind of taking something out of context. So I think you need to look at each of these expenses as a percentage of revenue within the context of the period that you're in.
Daniel Henry: So certainly, there would be a percentage, a basis point you can calculate off of Billed business. And that would be a number that gradually changes. And to the extent there are periods where we adjust the balance sheet for either refinements in our estimation process or based on greater engagement on the part of our customers, in those periods, you're going to see additional expense in those quarters. And I suspect that will be the case going forward.
Daniel Henry: So we have not disclosed in the quarter what loyalty partners is. What we did say is that at the time of the acquisition, that in 2010, loyalty partners full year revenues were about $300 million. So you can think about that in terms of the contribution they're making in the second quarter. In terms of the 8% target that we have and what piece will come from acquisitions, the 8% has been our target for a while. And as you know, we have not really been an acquisitive company, and we were -- had that as our target. So it all depends where you're allocating resources at the end of the day. So we don't have a specific carve-out going forward for what acquisitions will contribute. It really depends on the nature of the acquisition what the contribution will be. So I would think about 8% as something probably we can achieve from an organic perspective, and then what acquisitions contribute will be depending on the nature of the acquisition.
Daniel Henry: So as it relates to operating leverage, we don't plan to get there through an acquisition. That's not part of our plan. We really plan to get there in 2 ways. One is we expect that -- we've seen already that the investments we've been making have been paying off in terms of good performance in our metrics in revenue, so one way, part of it, is growth in revenues. And the other part is related to operating expense and to have the growth rate in operating expense to slow as we exit the year and as we go into 2012. So those will be the 2 primary drivers of improving operating leverage at the end of the day. As it relates to Durbin and Prepaid, I would say that -- point out that our Prepaid product is not subject to Durbin, okay. We were excluded from that. It refers to debit products issued by the banks. So Durbin doesn't have an impact on our Prepaid business. We think the Prepaid business is a very good growth business. We have a good position in that market. We've recently issued new products that, if you buy them online and reload them online, don't have any purchase fees. There's no back-end fees, there's no maintenance fees. So we think it's really quite an attractive product in a market that we believe will continue to grow. So we're pretty positive about our space there.
Daniel Henry: So gas -- so I think the increase in Billed business is very broad-based, okay? I think travel is one of the components that is growing nicely, but it's really very broad-based across many merchant categories, and I think it's reflective of the fact that we have a very affluent Cardmember base, and those Cardmembers have the ability to spend and pay. I think that's a factor. As we've said other times, gas is not a big factor in terms of driving Billed business or discount rate for us. Certainly, the slight decline that we saw in discount rate does reflect a shift in where our customers are spending. As we broaden our merchant base, it's often in new categories that are at lower rates than our average discount rate. And I think the strong growth in International is also contributing to the slightly lower discount rate. But growth is very broad-based, which, again, is an encouraging sign. But in terms of weighted average cost per point on Membership Rewards, I think we are seeing a shift to travel-related redemption options. I think that's a reflection of the fact that in '09, we probably had a shift going in the other direction, where people were using rewards less for travel and more for everyday type of items. And I think as we move further away from 2009, we're seeing a logical shift back to more travel-related type of redemptions, and, therefore, it's having the impact of shifting the weighted average cost per point up.
Daniel Henry: So I don't have that off the top of my head, where it was pre-'09. But certainly, it's up from the most recent quarters that we had.
Daniel Henry: I think we provide additional redemption items because we think many of the program participants value them highly. It does have the benefit that some of them have a lower average cost, but we're really trying to accomplish 2 things: one is the weighted average cost and providing value to Cardmembers. But you're correct that we have normally spoken about ultimate redemption rate. And the weighted average cost has had a lesser effect than ultimate redemption rate, so it was a factor, so we through it was important to mention.
Daniel Henry: Yes, so it can't be more than 100%, and it probably, in all likelihood, won't be 100%. But where it ultimately goes to probably has a lot to do with the value that we can continue to put in the program and the enhancements we make. But it will be speculative to try to guess at where it goes to. So I'll take just one more question.
Daniel Henry: So the first time we disclosed the ultimate redemption rate for active employees was at the end of '07. And we indicated it was about 90%. It was pretty flat in 2008, and so we disclosed it in the annual report again, it was 90%. There was some modest increase in the following year, 2010. But there was a pickup in the pace in -- 2009, I guess, it was modest increase. In 2010, it picked up, and we disclosed it was 91%. And obviously, with the refinement in how we were estimating, URR in the first quarter popped up to 92%. So again, it is higher now than it was back in '07 or '08. But again, we view the fact that we are enhancing the program and we're getting better loyalty and engagement, from an economic point of view, we view that as very positive with very good economics. And that's the -- and it provides value to our Cardmembers. So a combination of all those things. We view the Membership Rewards program as really a very important part of our value proposition with good economics, which is I think is the key factor.
Daniel Henry: I don't think it's GE. I think GE is far enough back in our history that, that wouldn't be a factor. Commercial Card, generally, when recession is coming, hold out longer and then drops very quickly. But it also comes back quicker than most of the other categories. So that could have been a factor in the higher growth rate that you saw in the early part of 2010. But the growth rate, again, is double-digits and continues to be very good. And we continue to be successful in the marketplace with Commercial Card globally. So we're very pleased by the performance of Commercial Card. Okay, so, with that, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Take care.
David Hochstim: So the weighted average cost up from where it was in pre-2009 period, when you had sort of similar mix of travel redemptions, or the...
David Hochstim: It's one of the first times you've raised the weighted average cost, because you spend a lot of effort kind of providing additional redemption options to lower the average cost.
David Hochstim: I was wondering if you can speak to what kind of the maximum is on the ultimate redemption rate. I mean, it's certainly not 100%.
