Toby Willard: Thanks, Ryan and thanks everybody for joining us for today’s call. The discussion contains certain forward-looking statements about the company’s future financial performance and business prospects, which are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today’s presentation slides and in the company’s reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures maybe found in the fourth quarter 2016 earnings release and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that maybe discussed, all of which are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today’s discussion. Today’s discussion will begin with Jeff Campbell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to both the quarter and the full year’s results through the series of presentation slides. Once Jeff completes his remarks, we will move to a Q&A session. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Jeff.
Toby Willard: Thanks Jeff. Before we open up the lines for Q&A, I will ask those in the queue to please limit your self to just one question. Thank you for your cooperation. And with that, the operator will now open up the line for questions. Ryan, back to you.
Toby Willard: Great. Thanks everybody, for joining tonight’s call and thank you for your continued interest. As Jeff mentioned earlier that our Investor Day is coming up on March 8 and we hope to see many of you there. Thanks very much.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. Good question, Don and thank you. To be clear, we are giving very specific EPS guidance of $5.60 to $5.80. And of course, one of the things that I think we have demonstrated over the years is the flexibility of our business model and the many levers we have to pull to achieve a particular financial performance. What I said in my remarks was that if you go back to the Investor Day scenario, which has a 5% compound annual growth rate for ‘16 and ‘17, we are certainly comfortable that you can get to the EPS range we provided with that kind of revenue performance. I would point out that the adjusted number for us in 2016 was about 5.3%. To be clear, that’s not our goal. It’s not guidance. But even if you assume no acceleration in the revenue growth rate on an annual basis in 2017 with the cost reduction efforts that we already have in place, with the several years we have spent working on different ways to be more targeted, more focused and more efficient in some of our marketing efforts, we are very comfortable that even in fact revenue performance were to come to fruition, we are very comfortable with the earning guidance. So we will have to see how things play out. Over the course of 2014, our loan growth has been very steady, very consistent and very strong relative to the industry for several years now and we would expect that to continue to be a real source of growth. Our volume growth has been steady and we see some signs of pick-up in certain segments, like the small business and middle market area and that will help us. And when it comes to discount rate, at this point, we don’t really have an update to what Anre Williams back at our Investor Day provided for 2017.
Jeff Campbell: So I think it’s a good question, Chris. And I think it’s probably fair to say that a lot of our discussions going back to Investor Day and many other forums, we particularly probably talked more about the fact that we are under-penetrated with our consumer card members in terms of capturing what we would regard as our fair share of the borrowing behaviors. That exact same phenomenon exists though with our small business customers. And of course, we have a tremendously strong franchise with small businesses across the globe and in the U.S. We have some unique features to our business model and our capabilities because of our charge card capability that allow us to be particularly effective in helping our customers meet some of their spending needs. But just like in consumer, we have not necessarily traditionally been as focused on capturing our fair share of their borrowing behaviors and so we have been making the same pivot in small business that you have seen us making in consumer and we have steadily been increasing growth rates. A lot of that just like in consumer is driven by our consisting customers. And we feel really good about our ability to continue to grow well above the market there and to maintain really strong credit quality. The one other mechanical point I would make that applies to both consumer and small business is in Q4, a modest piece of the growth is still helped from the fact that we have done better than we had anticipated at retaining some of the former Costco co-brand card member spend and lend behaviors. And if you think about the way we do the adjusted revenues, the adjusted billings and the adjusted loans, that effect helps us a little bit in Q4 and that was actually moderating to be flat with billings and loans to peak of that affect. But that will cause some modest slowing as we get into 2017, but it should remain, we believe, for a very long time well above the industry.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. So it’s a good question, Mark. I think of Q4 – and you are correct, it wasn’t kind of a record. It was a record high level of M&P spend as reflective of the culmination of things we have actually been working on for a number of years and they happen to come together in Q4. So we run Shop Small in the U.S. every fourth quarter. It’s been a tremendously effective event for us for our small merchants. And when you think about leveraging that to begin what we have set for a long time will be the long process of getting customer perceptions about our growing merchant coverage in the U.S. to match the actual coverage, we saw a tremendous opportunity to build upon Small Business Saturday and tried to drive our card members to new small merchants. That just happened to come in Q4. We have for quite some time been thinking about the next steps to evolve our platinum products in the U.S. I would remind you, we tend to make some changes to them every year or 2 years. Those plans have long been in the works. They happen to come to fruition in the fourth quarter as well. The fourth quarter in many ways was the last quarter as I think about it in the U.S. consumer market of some of the battle going on for the spending and lending behaviors of the former Costco co-brand card members. So all of those things came together in a way that just happened to coincide with the fact that we also were performing financially well ahead where we thought we would perform and well ahead of where we have committed to our shareholders that we would perform in 2016, so those are the things that allowed us to spend at the record levels. Now, when you think about all of those efforts, they are all about driving long-term relationships with our customers and generating sustainable revenue and profitability. Most of them have very little in quarter impact. And in fact, particularly on the revenue side, when you think about the new card member acquisition efforts, those are things that we long said often take into years two and three to begin to pay off on the revenue and profit side. So we feel comfortable with the decisions we made. We wouldn’t have expected them to have much impact on Q4 metrics or results. But we think they are the right mix of things to drive the company’s results over the next several years. As you know, when we make investments decisions, we make them considering very long-term economics because this is a business where our customer relationships are sticky. Our best customers are people who stay with us and have been with us for many years and that’s really where all of our efforts are targeted at.
Jeff Campbell: So the tough thing Ken, as if you think about a lot of the changes in sentiment and a lot of the comments that people across the travel business have made in the last couple of weeks, most of them are forward-looking about the sentiment that they are hearing from the customers about the bookings they are seeing for future travel. They are not necessarily things we would have expected to see in the brief six weeks or seven weeks post election in the U.S. appeared where you have got both the Thanksgiving holiday and the Christmas and New Year’s holidays. So our results through December 31, it is hard to see a noticeable up-tick in large corporate travel spend. There is some modest up-tick and if you dig through the tables in our press release, you will see a modest sequential up-tick in airline spend. I just think we don’t have an update and it’s too early to call it a trend. So we are certainly hopeful that a lot of the other commentary from other players in the travel industry about forward bookings is correct. I just can’t really point to anything in our Q4 results that would suggest in that time period through December 31, there is any meaningful up-tick for us.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, sorry. Ken, I should have got into that part of your question. As you know, our business over the years has become less and less T&E focused. If you look again back in the tables, you will see this quarter’s number for the percent based in the U.S. of T&E, which someone is looking up here for me. I know it was 24%. Now, that number has steadily gone down and our T&E merchants tend – there is lots of exceptions, but tend to have higher discount rates than our non-T&E merchants. So one of the reasons why we had said for years that there is a little downward pressure each year on our average discount rate is that because the non-T&E sector is growing faster that mix shift, which is ongoing puts a little downward pressure on the discount rates. So certainly, should the commentary those who say there is going to be a significant up-tick in travel and particularly corporate travel be correct, that would be helpful to our discount rate, I just can’t say that I see anything yet.
Jeff Campbell: So we really rigorously track each vintage year is the term we would use internally of new card members we acquire and we study their behaviors and how it tracks over time and think about how that relates to past vintages. And I would say that while there are really modest changes in the average pattern of how quickly we can engage customers and how their spending plays out over time, the changes are kind of slow when they evolve. You tend not to see across large numbers of customers dramatic shifts in behavior. And of course as a company, we are really focused in trying to acquire new card members with whom we can build a long-term relationship where we can really generate sustainable revenue and profitability. So when I look at the card members who we have brought into the franchise over the past 18 months, all of our experience and data thus far tells us they look not terribly dissimilar to people we have brought in, in the past. The one clear difference, which I did talk about a little bit in my earlier remarks, is that while in the U.S. consumer and small business area, the Costco used to be a significant acquisition channel. We have now replaced all the volume we used to acquire through that channel with other proprietary channels, putting people on other products. That particular shift tends to result in customers who have a little higher propensity to carry revolving balance. That does drive revenue a little bit more quickly, tends to drive a little higher yield, comes with slightly higher credit costs as well, but very, very good economics. But other than that general shift, I wouldn’t really call out any change in the makeup of the new card members we are acquiring as of today we think would drive a different profile going forward on how they come to be both revenue positive and profitable.
Jeff Campbell: Sanjay I am happy to go into as much detail as you like. But really, as we think about running the business, if you take 2016 and you say you got a big portfolio sale gain in there that doesn’t repeat and you have got six months of a big co-brand relationship that went away. Those two things you pull out. And look, there is lots of other one-time things and some things that surprised us in Q4 like odd movements in interest rates. But those kinds of things to some extent are going to happen every year. So you make those two adjustments to 2016. You will get when you plug in our guidance range, a pretty darn healthy EPS growth rate between 2016 and 2017, but achieving that growth rate is strictly a matter of sustaining the kind of revenue growth that we have already achieved in 2016 on an adjusted basis. We are trying to raise it, but our guidance doesn’t necessarily count on it. Executing on the $1 billion takeout of infrastructure costs and we thus far are ahead of our plans both in time and dollars to do that. And then moderating our marketing and promotional spend. And we have been pretty specific on the marketing and promotional spend in the past at Investor Day in one scenario I talked about how in 2015, we spent $3.1 billion of marketing and promotion and at the time, I said we probably pulled that down by $200 million or $400 million. Last quarter, I said with the better progress we are making on OpEx, we probably don’t need to pull marketing and promotion down quite that much. And I would also remind you, I was trying to make this point in my earlier remarks that there is many things we do to drive revenue growth. And we have made very conscious decisions for example, that putting financial resources towards improving the value proposition in the Platinum product for both consumers and small businesses in the U.S. is an even more effective use of our financial resources in 2017 than putting that same amount of money towards marketing and promotion. We have clearly done more to provide very differentiated services to our card members. And our lounge network is an example of something that we can uniquely do because of our scale. That runs through the cost of card member services line, not through marketing and promotion. But we are doing more of that now than we were a year ago. And I think you can expect to see us do more a year from now than we are today. And that’s another example of why we are comfortable that we can moderate down the marketing and promotion line, because part of what we are doing is just shifting to other kinds of spending that we think will be even more effective in driving the end goal, which is more revenue growth. So that’s how we think about it. If you just take again the revenue growth rates we are already yet, the cost reduction plan that’s well underway a little bit of moderation in M&P. And then of course, the continued steady returns of capital that we have a long track record of doing and we just completed a year where we returned about 99% of our net income to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase, that’s the simple model that makes us comfortable with the outlook that we provided.
Jeff Campbell: Well, good question and comments, Craig. Look, we tried to be extremely mindful of all the things going on in the marketplace. However, we are even more mindful of what we are doing to provide the best possible value propositions for our card members, our merchants while still generating real sustainable growth for our shareholders. I think the events of the last couple of years say to us that in the U.S. and I would remind everyone on this call that your question is probably mainly targeted at the U.S. consumer market, which is really the market where we are seeing a real evolution of the competitive environment over the last years, less so in our other markets, less so in B2B, less so outside the U.S., etcetera. I think our experience over the last few years makes us cautious about making any business decision that relies on our competitors deciding to pull back on any benefits or relies on an assumption that the marketplace is going to be any less competitive than it is today and in fact it may become even more so. But even in the face of all that competition, we feel really good about our value propositions, right. We have been growing card fee revenue in the high single-digits all year as driven by fees out of our Platinum, Gold and Delta portfolios, the exact premium cardholders and our competition has been targeting at. So we are mindful of all the changes in the marketplace that you went through. Certainly, from a credit and interest rate perspective, we always make long-term decisions based on a through the cycle perspective. And certainly, our history of managing through difficult credit situations is a pretty good one where we tend to come out more quickly and more strongly than others, stay more profitable than others and in fact some like that’s been a good opportunity for us to pick up a little bit of share. But we will have to see. So we have a very clear set of financial expectations we have laid out for you, all of our shareholders and for ourselves. We feel good about our progress midway in. we are very focused no matter what happens in the competitive environment on achieving the results we have laid out.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. It’s a good question, Ryan. To remind everyone, if we go back to the beginning of 2016 when at Investor Day I laid out a couple of different scenarios for growth, at that point, we built into those scenarios an assumption that our awards costs would grow a little bit faster than billings and that was just an acknowledgment of the competitive the environment that in many ways Craig Maurer just did a nice job of laying out. Now, in fact when you look at most of 2016, we have not seen rewards costs growing any faster than billings until Q4 and so that should tell you pretty clearly that what drove that change in trend was the introduction of the different benefits to both the consumer and small business platinum cards in the U.S. With that being what drove it, I think you should expect to see numbers somewhat in the ballpark and what you saw in Q4 and you are correct, on an adjusted basis, I talked about 13 – I am looking for the number here, but we talked about billings growth of 5 and rewards growth of 13. So you should expect to see something in that ballpark through the first three quarters of 2017 just from actions we have already taken. Beyond that action, we will have to see in the competitive environment, we are always looking to periodically refresh products. When we do that though our goal is to try to refresh them in a way that provides enhanced and differentiated benefits to our card members and frankly often as a result, allows us to capture a little bit more economics from the product. So our goal going forward would be to continue that trend. We also feel good about a lot of our value propositions. Our Cashback products in the U.S. have been tremendous acquisition vehicles for us with the value propositions they have. Our co-brand products we think are extremely competitive in the marketplace. And around the globe, you operate outside the U.S. in an environment where we think we have market meeting value propositions in most of the places in which we do business. So I wouldn’t necessarily look to see the trend increase from what you saw in Q4. I do think you should expect to get three quarters of it in 2017. And I think you should see – look to see us build upon the differentiated service and value propositions we can put into the marketplace.
Jeff Campbell: Thanks for the questions. Jason I think, there is really two questions probably there. From a charge card perspective, look, the charge card franchise is a tremendously strong and unique asset that we have and it cuts across both our commercial and consumer segments, of course. I think it’s probably a little early to say that a couple of months into our introduction on just one product, the Platinum product of new benefits that it had a material role in what you would have seen the quarter end. I think what you saw at the quarter end is really a function of trends across the entire charge card franchise, which is both consumer, commercial and is impacted by lots of things. And certainly, the fact that we were able to achieve that growth while also, in fact seeing improved credit quality in the charge card franchise, because as you recall when I talked about provision, I had pointed out that charge provision was actually up less than charge growth because of improving credit quality. So gosh, we feel really good about the franchise. We see continued growth. The Platinum product in the U.S. is an important component of that franchise. And while it’s too early to declare victory, we do feel good about the early returns. On lending, we are now several years into growing our lending, which is predominantly in the U.S., well above industry rates. And yet several years of doing that really doesn’t even put a dent in the under-representation that we have in our customers’ borrowing behaviors. And that’s why we feel very comfortable that we have a long runway of continuing to grow above the market, both consumer and small business lending, as we just continually capture a little higher share of our own customers’ borrowing behaviors. So I really would say we feel good about both of those trends and the charge business as well as with loans. Thank you for the question Jason.
Jeff Campbell: That’s a really good question, Rick. I – let me make a few comments. Certainly, we think the brand is a tremendous asset for us. But I think you have to think a little bit more broadly about what it is that causes our card members to – and this is my word, really attach to American Express in a way that I think is unusual. And my experience with other brands and certainly other card brands and part of its brand, a large portion of it is service and there is a 160-year-plus legacy of our company being all about service, all about going the extra mile for customers when something goes wrong. It’s about the scale we have, which allows us to offer some differentiated benefits and services that others find very difficult to match, right. And then I am going to come back to something I talked about earlier, which is the lounge – the breadth of the lounge access that we offer to people who hold our premium products would give them lounge access. It’s very difficult for anyone who doesn’t have our scale to ever match. And the combination of our own centurion lounges, which have been tremendously powerful in terms of strengthening the brand with the lounge access that we get through our great partnership with Delta and then the other lounge networks that we give our members access to, which are probably easier for others to replicate, but not those first two. That breadth that our scale allows us to do things with the levels of service, the long, long reputation for service, that global scale, the brand, those are the things that as we sit around and think about products and product features that we start and those are the things that we think hardest about how we strengthen the unique aspects of them so that we can do things that our competitors won’t be able to match. Now you are right, customers, particularly a subset of customers are going to think about sign-on bonuses and they are going to think a lot about mathematical calculations about rewards and we need to be responsive to that. But our view and I think our history and our performance, which say we don’t need to match necessarily because we have a brand reputation and an ability to deliver service and differentiated benefits that others can’t match. So the trick is what’s our goal is producing long-term customer relationships, which are going to give sustainable revenues and profits for our shareholders as well. And all of our thinking is always targeted and trying to achieve the balance that gets at all of those things. So, thank you for the question Rick.
Jeff Campbell: Well, certainly, for some number of years now, we have been operating in a slow growth and really no inflation environment. And occasionally, they would do remind people, as you were just reminding us all, that low or no-inflation environment when you have a spend centric model is more challenging in some ways in terms of achieving some of the historical levels of revenue growth we typically are achieving. So more than anything else, what is good for us are the same things that are good for everyone in the economy, which is more robust growth than we have seen, a little bit of inflation, I think – I would probably say we are pretty neutral on. We do have to be sensitive to our liability sensitive balance sheet. Although as I tried to talk about in my remarks, while we are more liability sensitive than others, we do have a portion of our funding structure that probably has some lower beta than one rising interest rate environment. So we will have to see. There is so much uncertainty I think economically right now, what our tax policy is going to be, what’s going to happen to growth in some of the foreign markets we serve, what’s going to happen to foreign exchange rates. I guess I just summarized by saying what we are after is steadily, healthily growing economies and stable exchange rates, but we will adapt to whatever environment we face.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess I had make a couple of comments. I think Betsy you are getting at it sounds like you understand something that maybe not everyone outside the company always does, which is sometimes I think there is a perception that you got charge card customers, they have zero interest in borrowing money from anyone. And what in fact is the case, both on the consumer and small business side is we have learned over the years that some of our best charge card customers are off carrying balances on our competitors’ products, and that’s why we would become a little bit more focused on from a product perspective and marketing perspective and targeting perspective trying to in fact capture our share of our customers’, including our charge card customers’ borrowing behaviors and we have a number of ways to do that, including other lend-oriented products in hands of charge card customers or we also have – and not everyone realizes this – an ability for our customers to borrow on their charge cards with a product we call Lending on Charge. So we actually see that expansion, both on the small business side and the consumer side as a way to strengthen both our charge card and the borrowing relationship we have with the existing customer. It’s a way to grow our lending with customers who we know incredibly well from a credit quality perspective. And it has a side benefit in a rising interest rate environment, I suppose, slightly lessening our liability sensitivity as an overall company, although that is certainly not a driver of the strategy. It’s a bit of an offshoot from the real strategy, which is how do we strengthen and build even broader better relationship with some of our best customers who tend to be the charge card customers. So thank you for the question, Betsy. Toby, maybe I will turn it back to you.
