Jeff Campbell: Well, I think as I said, Don, we’ve been talking for almost a year now about what we saw happen late in 2017 and we said at the time while we’ve been doing lots of things to drive more organic growth in our business there is a noticeable step up in the middle of Q4 '17 that we couldn’t tie directly to things we were doing. That sustained itself but there’s a fairly simple lapping issue as you get into Q4 and yet we have passed that. Now obviously there’s a lot going on in the external environment. But when we look at the trend we saw in Q4, it ties pretty strongly to what I just described. Look, it’s early in January. We tend not to comment on results during interim periods or over a couple of weeks. But the fact that we exited the full year with the momentum we had, the fact that we’ve been providing guidance today for revenue growth of 8% to 10% for 2019 I think Don gives you a pretty good sense that we feel really good about all the things that we see within our business. As for the external environment, well, we’ll have to see how 2019 turns out.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. Two good questions. So let me start and Steve will add a little color. On the revenue side, yes, clearly we feel good about the overall momentum that we’re exiting 2018 with. The couple of revenue headwinds we’ve been talking about for a while are you’re lapping the Hilton portfolio and you’re getting a little moderation in our net interest yield. But we feel really good about our ability to sustain strong revenue growth. On the EPS side I think you’re asking a good question, Sanjay, and the point I would make is look there’s a little bit of uncertainty in the environment right now. So in a world where 2019 turns out to look something like 2018 in terms of the economy, you should expect this to be at the mid-to-upper end of the range and the lower end of the range is there when you think about things happening in the equity markets, government is shutdown right now, a little bit of uncertainty. So sure, if the economy weakens a little bit, that’s what the lower end of the range.
Jeff Campbell: Well, Sanjay, now you’re getting in to discuss hypothetical. Look, we feel really good about our revenue momentum and we can hit 8% to 10% in an environment that weakens a little bit. If it weakens more than a little bit, if it weakens a whole lot, it’s going to get harder. But look, I’m not going to speculate about particular levels.
Jeff Campbell: Ken, let me just start by pointing out that our revenue growth was 10% in the fourth quarter which is what it was for the full year which is the same as it was in the third quarter. So from a revenue perspective, which is the end goal here, I wouldn’t call it a deceleration. Now, yes, volumes decelerated a little bit because of the step up in organic growth from a year ago which if you just think about the math here. Unless you get a further step up this year, which we didn’t see as you lap that, you’re going to see the modest deceleration.
Jeff Campbell: The portion of our revenues that come from net interest income were 19% for all four quarters of 2018. And in fact our lending growth slowed a little bit in Q4 because as you’ve heard us say we don’t set particular lending targets. We’re focused on the overall customer relationship. Part of that is capturing more of our existing customers’ borrowings. So there’s no leaning more into lending here. You didn’t see it into the fourth quarter and you won’t see it in 2019.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, I guess I’d say two things. Correct. And so if the spending had fallen off in Q4 you would have seen an even bigger decline. All that said, look, let’s acknowledge that the equity market volatility if you want to talk about the wealth effect within the last 10 days of the year which is kind of rounding for our quarter and people are particularly focused on shopping between Christmas and New Year’s anyway. So I’m not sure we have a great long period to test your theory. Clearly, we feel good about the momentum we have entering 2019 and we feel good about the guidance we gave which assumes that spending will stay reasonably strong.
Jeff Campbell: Well, on net card fees itself we feel really good about the modest acceleration. I think it was 11% for the year and then 14% in the quarter. And what gives us confidence, Mark, in that is it’s not a product or two products. We have a long multiyear playbook of history here around the world, across our many different products, across consumer and commercial of every few years you refresh the product, you increase the fee, you add more value for consumers so they think it’s a great value. And we think we can keep running that playbook well into the future and that number will stay very strong. I would point out the discount revenue growth though in dollars still kind of dwarfs the net card fees in terms of offering the rest.
Jeff Campbell: The only thing I’d add just thinking about the pure financial model is 50% of our revenue is still discount revenue. And it shouldn’t escape notice if you look at Slide 12 of the slide deck that we are getting further and further from some of the things that we’ve been talking about for the last few years that have been pulling the discount rate down, the OptBlue program, regulation in the EU and Australia, some of the other strategic alliances. So for our largest revenue line we’re actually entering 2019 I might argue with more momentum than we’ve had in a while because discount revenue is the simple function of volume discount rate. Card fees were actually entering with more momentum as we talked about in response to Mark than we’ve had in some time. So on the 80% of our revenue that I think is probably most valued by our shareholders, the fee-based revenues I see us as having really good momentum and will bring net interest income along with it.
Jeff Campbell: On your other question, Craig, I’d remind everyone that our OpEx was flat for the year and essentially flat for the quarter. There’s a little bit of P&L geography at work here. These are not the greatest names for these two lines as we’ve talked about in the past. Our professional services expense includes ironically some of what Steve was just talking about. So some of the fees that we pay to merchants, acquirers actually run through that line and we’ve evolved the P&L geography of some of those things and that caused a little increase in that line along with some of the things we’re spending on technology. Similarly, I’d remind people that the line called occupancy and equipment expense not very intuitively includes amongst other things our amortization of clear costs. And as the company converts to the agile method of development, like any, call it leading-edge technology companies that’s causing us to evolve some of the ways that we amortize those costs and capitalize them and that caused the spike this quarter. Again though I bring you back to OpEx overall because a lot of it is just where we tend to put the dollars is flat and that’s what we’re focused on.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I’d come back John to what I said in my script which is remember we are most focused on driving discount revenue and at times we make decisions that impact the average discount rate that drives discount revenue. So yes, this quarter where we only were down 1 basis point, that’s because we are not seeing that much year-over-year impact anymore from any of OptBlue or EU or Australia regulation or some of the big strategic deals we cut a while back. So that’s what happened in Q4. That tells you where the current trend is. We’re going to get out of the business of providing forward guidance though on the average discount rate because we want the flexibility if something comes up in the world that causes us to want to do something that might drive that average down but drives discount revenue, that’s what we’re going to do. So that is our focus. It’s the steady kind of discount revenue growth that you saw all through 2018.
Jeff Campbell: No, we feel really good Betsy about having our overall operating expenses. Within it there’s some things moving our geography. But if you look at it overall it’s flat year-over-year. It has been flat for several years. In fact, if you take a seven or eight-year view, it’s only up a couple percent. Not as a CAGR, it’s only up a couple percent. So we have a long, long track record of building upon the nature of our business model to every year get operating leverage and we see a long, long runway to continue to do that.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the short answer is no. Remember, we just had a tremendous year for new card member acquisition and one of the things you’ve heard all of me, Steve, Doug Buckminster in particular talk about in various forms is the tremendous gains in new card member acquisition that we’re getting every year as they move to more and more digital methods and gains sophistication. So we feel really good about all of those trends. We are investing in value propositions. So when you look overall of what we call our card member engagement costs, those costs are growing faster than revenue. They did in 2017, they did in 2018 and I expect them to do so again in 2019 and that’s why the operating expense leverage that we just talked about with Betsy is a really important offset to that. And that’s really the financial model we’re running here.
Jeff Campbell: Okay. I think you need me to make about three hypothetical assumptions there, Eric, one about what this year’s CCAR process looks like; two, about what CECL does for us; and three, about how the Fed is going to react. Look, I think the short answer is CECL is not going to impact how we manage our CCAR process in this calendar year in all likelihood. We are working through CECL. I think for our credit cards, our results are liable to not be dissimilar to what you see at other banks. For charge cards, the numbers will clearly be lower. The Fed has said they will give people three years to adapt to whatever the capital impact was. And something I think you need to keep in mind for us relative to others is nobody else has the kind of ROE that we have, right? We added 200 basis points to our CET1 ratio in four quarters this year through a variety of efforts. What that means is even in the worse possible scenario of how the Fed thinks about the capital implications at CECL, for us particularly over a three-year period it is not going to be a particularly significant barrier and I don’t see it having any impact this year.
Jeff Campbell: Chris, I really wouldn’t call out anything we haven’t talked about which is we are getting further from some of the things that have been putting undue pressure. You’re correct that mix, industry mix, geographic mix always played a little bit of a role here in the discount rate. But in some ways I’ll go back to some of the comments I made to response to Moshe. We think we’re going into 2019 with great momentum around discount revenue and that of course by far is our most important revenue driver and that’s momentum on the volume side and frankly it’s momentum in terms of our relationship with merchants and where the discount rate is.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think we first started about the impact – talking about the impact of European regulation two to three years ago. And we said at the time we’re in no hurry to get to a new steady state, but we’re certainly getting closer to it. I will say Australia moved much more quickly. And so Australia, we’re probably well through the process as we enter 2019. So yes, that’s exactly what we’re saying is that not that there was never an impact, but we’re just getting passed the majority or the biggest piece of it.
Steve Squeri: Yes. And the only thing I will add is, look, we feel really good about the growth algorithm that we’ve been communicating which is we’re really focused on growing top line revenue growth and to do that we will continue to make those investments that enhance our integrated model, enhance our differentiated business model and continue to make us unique. So I feel really good about 8% to 10% revenue growth guidance coming off six quarters in a row of 8% or plus revenue growth. And the EPS range is as Jeff described it. It’s there to provide a little bit of downside if in fact things don’t continue as we saw in '18 and it’s to provide the upside so that if we continue to have a year like we had this year where just to bring everybody back, it was $6.90 to $7.30 guidance at the beginning of the year and we came in at $7.33 which we feel is a great year for us. So there’s not much more to it than that.
Steve Squeri: Here’s what I would say and quarters drive me a little bit crazy, but you look at the whole year and with $7.33 from an earnings perspective and 10%, revenue was really steady for us. And I think what’s really important as a management team, we’re managing for the year. You have arbitrary cutoffs which happen to be quarters. But we’re really trying to manage for the entire year. We’re managing those investments across the entire continuum. And the reality is, is when we see good investment opportunities we will make those investment opportunities because they’re good for our shareholders in the medium and long term. So we feel – as I said, we feel great about 2018 and we feel good about the momentum that we have going into 2019.
Steve Squeri: The only thing that I would say, Mark, is what’s really important is that continued investment in value propositions. You just can’t take fee for the sake of taking fee. And what we’ve really tried to do whether it’s investment in lounges or in other aspects of the value proposition just not within the U.S. but across geographies and across business lines is to continue to put more value into those cards, value beyond rewards value. And that enables us to provide unique value to card members and also to be able to price for that value, and that’s what’s really important.
Steve Squeri: I think – let me – I’m going to give you a little color and then I’ll ask Jeff to jump in. I think one of the things that if you look at this year which was a great year for us was cards acquired. And we invested a lot more money this year than we probably thought we would invest at the beginning of the year. And our belief is while we are growing over higher revenue growth numbers and sure you may not have sort of actually – obviously the tax cut that you had going into this year, the investments that we made this year across multiple geographies, across multiple lines of businesses to acquire card members, to provide card member treatments, to enhance those value propositions we believe that will continue to help us drive the revenue growth not to mention the tremendous investment that we continue to make in coverage not only in United States but on a global basis. And that’s why discount revenue is so high for us. So we believe that investment that we made this year, the additional card members that we have and the treatments that we’re providing to our card members will provide that continued momentum from a revenue perspective.
Steve Squeri: So, Craig, if you look at the ISVs, the OptBlue program is embedded within, right. The objective with OptBlue was to take away any sort of arguments or issue in terms of operational or pricing that you might have from accepting American Express if you were a smaller merchant. And when the program first started out the traditional processors were in some cases offering different rates. The reality is now you’re seeing not only traditional processors, ISVs and so forth and aggregators, you’re seeing them offer bundled rates so it becomes a no-brainer decision for a merchant to accept all cards. And so when we started out with this program, it has now reached sort of strategically what exactly we wanted to have happen which is to take the rate conversation off the table. And I think that’s it. That was the essence of OptBlue. And having it embedded in every acquirer, every aggregator that exists in the United States is what’s driving that momentum and all that – we used to talk about as feet on the street. It’s obviously not as much feet on the street anymore, but that’s what’s driving us and will drive us to as we say virtual parity coverage by the end of 2019.
Steve Squeri: Well, remember there is – when you look at the rules that are in the EU were viewed as a three-party system and Visa and MasterCard are viewed as a four-party system. To keep our three-party status, we have unwound our GNS business. So there is no pricing on our GNS business. In addition to that because we are a three-party system, we don’t have the same interchange caps that exist for Visa and MasterCard. So what they did was brought their inbound traffic down to their in-market interchange rates and what our inbound and our local rates are the same. And remember that’s the interchange caps. There were network fees, there were acquirer fees and those fees have actually probably expanded from a merchant perspective over time if you look and sort of look into it in detail. So, look, we price the value. We make sure that we have the appropriate premium. We have seen – as Jeff said, we saw some pressure in our discount rates not only in Australia but in Europe as a result of competitors bringing their rate down, because when there is regulation like that your value doesn’t go up, your gap to – the spread that you have. And as we’ve said many times on these calls, we still have a premium. Outside the United States our discount rate is still a premium and we provide a premium product and premium value and we’ll continue to do that whereas in the United States we’re pretty much at parity in an aggregate basis. So that’s the European story.
Steve Squeri: Well, I can’t answer why we got it over Visa and MasterCard. That’s a question for the Chinese government. But look, we have preapproval. We are working with LianLian who we’ve worked with for many years. We’ve worked with them in the prepaid business and in a lot of those aspects. And from our perspective working with a partner that understands the market and working with a partner like that allows us to reduce risk, increases speed to market for us. And look, we think over the longer term it’s a good opportunity for us but in the shorter term we have to get full approval, we have to build out the network, so this is not a 2019, 2020 impact to our business. And it’s an ever changing political and regulatory environment and we’ll just see how big this could possibly be. But we’re very excited about being the only ones with the preapproval. We’re excited about our partnership with LianLian and we’re excited about the possibility here of working with many banks in China to issue cards and have them ride on our – in our domestic network in China over the medium to long term.
Steve Squeri: No. We’re talking about really routing transactions and this is not the most sophisticated technology in the world. We’re not talking about our credit algorithms. We’re not talking about our fraud algorithms. In fact, we are not issuing cards in China. So the best way to look at it is we will look exactly like Visa or MasterCard looks in the United States and in other markets. That’s how we’ll look in China. We are not a merchant acquirer. We are not a card issuer. We are truly a network and the technology involved in network is obviously transaction routing and just some network fraud detection and things like that. I don’t want to underestimate the network technology. But certainly not as sophisticated as the technology that needs to exists to make the credit underwriting decisions that we make to make the note preset spending limit that we do to acquire customers and things like that. So that’s not what we’re doing and that’s not any of the technology that we will be sharing or plan to share.
Steve Squeri: Look, as far as the Marriott data breach and I think Arne Sorenson and his team have done I think a good job communicating not only to us but communication with the general public as well. And a lot of that was from Starwood data that existed in their reservation – in their old reservation system years and years ago. And so when you look at those – if that card data was breached and there was some cards that most of the data was encrypted, we saw no appreciable spike in fraud at all. And probably we would have seen it three or four years ago because that’s apparently when some of the breach occurred. So we saw nothing from that at all in our numbers. And look, this is something that is with us to stay. It’s why we’re trying to move as many transactions as we can to tokens and so that you take the pan out of the equation. But the reality is, is that this was not a breach that impacted us at all. And as far as – I think Jeff gave guidance on our tax rate for next year of 22%, so that’s that.
Steve Squeri: It’s a lot of thinking. Look, as we look at this what’s really important for us is that we continue to invest to drive top line revenue growth. And we have in our plan right now investments that we think will drive the appropriate consistent double-digit EPS growth and strong revenue growth. But we also do not have in our plan a lot of investments that we could continue to make. And so if the revenue grows even higher or to the higher end of the range, I will continue to make those investments that will continue to generate scale and more share and more relevancy which will continue to payoff in the medium to long term. So I think what’s really important, Bill, is that we really start with the growth algorithm which is not starting with EPS and working down to revenue but starting with revenue and generating an EPS number for us. And I want to make this company bigger, more relevant and even more scalable than we are today and that’s going to mean more cards, more coverage and more investment. And so where we are right now is to be quite honest is as far as I think I can take the investment plan without causing you guys to look at this and say, are we not making enough money. But we do have plenty of great investment opportunities that we will take advantage of if we get some more momentum in the economy and even drive revenue higher, and you’ll see us make even more investments.
Steve Squeri: Yes, look, the conversations that not only we’re hearing from CEOs – that I’m hearing from CEOs, but more importantly what my corporate sales organization is hearing from the people that are authorizing purchases and purchasing, is there’s not a pullback. So when you start to look at large corporate and large global corporate and we have pretty good insight into that, and I’m not just talking about from a T&E perspective, I’m just talking from an aggregate spending and that includes travel as well, but we don’t see any pullback on the horizon. I have a lot of opportunities to spend time with the number of CEOs. And the reality is, is that they’re not contemplating a pullback. And so if the people that are spending the money are not contemplating a pullback, that gives me great confidence, especially from a commercial perspective because if they pullback it then dribbles down to middle market companies and small businesses and obviously then to consumers. But we don’t see that happening. And I haven’t heard any of that conversation. In fact, I’ve heard just the opposite from purchasing managers who are making those decisions.
