Stephen Squeri: Yeah. So I think look, in US consumer, you saw a little bit of a sequential decline. But also remember, last quarter, we had the extra day. So it's not really apples-to-apples. But listen, the US consumer was 6% up for the quarter. It continued to be strongly influenced by Millennial and Gen-Z growth. It's now up to 33% of our total billings and they're up 13%. And so we feel good where the US consumer is. Obviously, organic spending, we'd like to see a little bit higher, but it is a slower growth economic environment. But one thing I will point out before touching on SME. When our consumer, a lot of their spending is discretionary and for our consumer, if they decide they're going to pull back, they'll pull back a little bit on a discretionary, but they'll continue to pay their bills, which is why our credit numbers continue to be so strong and we continue to widen the gap between us and our competitors. So we feel that, look, the US consumer has been pretty consistent and we think it's going to be pretty consistent throughout the year. From a small business perspective, while there still is an organic decline year-over-year, that organic decline is less than it was last quarter and the quarter before that. So, we're seeing slight improvement. In both the US consumer and in small business, retention is still strong and acquisition is still strong. And so, what I like about where we're sitting is, as the economy rebounds, whenever that may be, organic will pick-up driving future growth. And then just a last comment on international, you didn't ask about it, because probably it is so strong, it's up 13% in the quarter and even small business and commercial within international is up 14%. So we feel good about where we are right now.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. So I think, look, quarter-to-date, we're at about 10% both reported and FX. And for the quarter, we were at 8% and 9%. And so I think we're going to wind-up within that range. And I think depending upon how organic either rebounds or stays where it is, we'll determine where we wind-up within that range, but we're very comfortable with sort of the 9% to 11%. As far as investment, what we do is, we will look at the myriad of opportunities that we have to acquire more card holders and depending upon at any given point in time because our acquisition engine is a very dynamic engine and things change all the time. We will allocate those investments either US consumer small business or international. Traditionally, the US consumer business would get more of that investment, followed either by international and small business. But as I sit here today, it's hard to say exactly what percentages will be, but it will be focused on acquiring more cardholders. And the key about that is that when we acquire cardholders in the second half of the year, it's really not going to drive spending for us this year. It will -- what we're doing here is we're investing for the medium and the longer term and it will acquire cardholders that will spend for us, for us next year. So I think the takeaway from the point that Christoph made and the point that I made is the business is so -- we feel the business is strong right now that we're able to invest more and we have line of sight into those opportunities without compromising on credit.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. So, not going to get into the details of the card. But what I would say is, one of the big advantages of the refreshes is it makes the marketing dollars work a lot harder, right. So what happens is, when you do a product refresh, whether it's Gold, whether it's Delta, whether it's Hilton or whether it's another Gold or Platinum card that we do internationally, what happens is you're able to provide more value to those cardholders that already have the product. You may be able to upgrade a Green to a Gold. And obviously, you're able to acquire even new cardholders with that. And what happens is as you go out and acquire new cardholders, you'll have buzz around the fact that we have a new card and it has obviously a different value proposition and you'll have the marketing that goes with it. And so, when you do a refresh and you have your marketing spend, that your marketing dollars work a little bit. The overall value proposition is a lot stronger and it works a little bit harder for you.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. So a couple of points, I think $6 billion for the year in total marketing is not an area we've ever -- it's not an area we've ever been in before and an $800 million year-over-year increase is a pretty significant increase. I think that when we make a decision, Craig, to put more marketing dollars in, it's because we see the opportunity. And if you look at where we have been from a marketing spend for the first two quarters, that would show a trajectory of $6 billion. So we're really keeping all of our marketing spending consistent quarter-to-quarter because we do see the opportunity. And we see the opportunity within the credit box and within the dimensions of who we're looking for, for our cardholders. It's not due to a -- we're not making this investment because of a slowdown in billings. This was something that we had planned to do at the beginning of the year where billings were, where they weren't going to be. And as far as competitors pulling back, I don't see competitors pulling back at all. I think competitors right now -- the environment is just as competitive as it's ever been. Obviously, you make these investments because obviously you want to gain -- you want to gain more traction with your cardholders and you want to gain more share.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. Let me take that question and I hope you fix your computer problem soon. The way to think about this is, we always -- so we entered the year thinking we want to invest and we want to invest more because we see the opportunities and they are compelling investments with attractive returns. The fact of the matter is that the core business, which I would define as like the business, excluding the Accertify gain is generating more earnings than we had anticipated. So you're right, we can afford to spend more and to fund it through the core business. But on top of that, we also raised a little bit our marketing dollars. Now it's not a significant amount. As we've said in the past, in a given week, we spent $120 million on average of marketing dollars. So $100 million or $200 million a bit more or a bit less, it's actually not that material. But the key thing here is that in terms of the funding, it's going to be funded all from the core business and because it's generating more earnings than we had anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Stephen Squeri: Well, I'm actually glad you asked that question because it is a one-time gain. And so as we do give guidance for next year, we certainly do expect to be in that mid-teens EPS range. However, we will be -- and we'd expect that people would adjust for that one time gain. I think by calling out that one time gain the way that we have and not using it within the business, I think it makes your job a little bit easier to just sort of remove that and then build from there. Because, when you look at it, it's a one-time gain. That's why they call it a one-time gain. But the thing that I would also point out is that, because we have elevated our marketing spending to where it is using the core business and not use the one-time gain and that gives us the opportunity to actually reset our marketing at a much higher level for next year, which will allow us to drive even more growth as we go forward. So, that's the big advantage that we look at this by not using a one-time gain and saying, hey, look, that's what we didn't have in our core. By adjusting up our marketing by using core earnings, our anticipation is we'll be able to keep that marketing there and grow from there going forward versus going back to the $5.2 billion.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. Look the overall goal is to be more engaged with both our small businesses and to be more engaged with our consumers. And I think, you know, digital banking is a bit of a journey for us. We now have multiple accounts and we're just going to continue to invest not only in capabilities, but continue to invest in making sure that our customers are using that. So there'll be more to come on that, but we're at the beginning of this journey and there's still a long way for us to go.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. I mean we're about halfway through on those product refreshes. Gold is the next big one to come. And it's really a little bit too early to tell how each one individually has done. But what you look at is 3.4 million cards, 3.3 million cards acquired and retention rates are still strong. And those are the things that you look at, but we'll be able to have more color as the year goes on.
Christophe Le Caillec: The only thing I will add to that, Don, is that the revenue growth was exactly as we were expecting it to be. And as we talked about it under Q1 call, we talked about stable billings, which is exactly what we got. We talked about card fee remaining in terms of growth where it was in Q1 before picking up a bit of momentum in the balance of the year. We still think that is the right way to think about card fees. And we talked about NII growth rate moderating a little bit. So that revenue growth is where we thought it would be.
Christophe Le Caillec: And when it comes to their intra-quarter billings, we typically don't talk about those and there's nothing much to say here. So there's nothing noticeable in terms of monthly billing growth.
Christophe Le Caillec: Craig, let me add a few things and I will also answer your question about business development expenses. So the other element here to factor into the decision to invest more is the visibility we have in the balance of your performance. The business is generating a lot of earnings. We have more visibility in terms of the credit performance in the balance of the year in terms of the OpEx as well and that gives us confidence in our ability to actually deploy more marketing dollars. And to get to your question about business developments, it's expenses, there's nothing here significant. There was in the quarter some efficiencies, I will use that word in terms of the commercial spend and the incentives that we have with some card members and partners here and it gave us a bit of efficiency, but there was nothing related specifically to co-brand partners or anything of that nature.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Jeff. So you're right, we have changed a little bit the way we think about credit write-offs for the balance of the year. And we are at the beginning of Q3 now, we had good visibility in terms of what's going to write-off in Q3 and Q4. So we can be more confident in terms of providing a direction here. And to your point, the direction we're providing now is that it's going to be like stable at about the level you saw in Q2 at around 2.1%. Now, I need to say this specifically to address your question on the reserve and how to think about it for the balance of the year. A big driver of the reserve is going to be the delinquency levels, right. Those card members that are showing signs of -- signals of stress early on. The delinquency improvement in the quarter, there is seasonality in that improvement, right. And so we expect that delinquency rate is just going to probably tick-up a bit in the balance of the year and that will drive a bit of incremental reserve together with the volume growth that we expect to see. But from a reserve rate standpoint, we are 2.8%. It's a good reference point for what to expect for the balance of year. It might increase a little bit. We'll see. It's hard to predict where CECL is just going to land exactly at the end of Q4, but it's a good guide in terms of what to expect for the balance of the year. I would expect 2.8%, maybe 2.9%, but we're going to be in that range. And to your point, credit losses, we expect stability from where we are now for the balance of the year.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah, net card fee. So we feel very good about either adding a bit more momentum as we said in terms of the card fee growth, we are at like 16% FX adjusted and we are definitely expecting this to tick up a bit in the balance of the year. It's on the back of the product refreshes, but not only on the back of product refreshes, I mean they're the single most important -- as I said in my prepared remark here, single most important element of that is the renewed commitment that card members, tenured card members in the portfolio make every year to actually renew their membership, right. That's a super important element of the mix here. But card refreshes, we are on track. We talked about 40 products and we are tracking well against that. And as Steve said, gold is next to come.
Christophe Le Caillec: So we haven't given a number. So, and I'm going to stick to that. But your math is -- we've done the math as well and we're looking at those numbers and you need to factor as well into account the fact that last quarter, we had like about $200 million of one-off gain as well. You might remember linked to the URR model. But when -- as you think about the balance of the year, there are a couple of additional items to bake into your forecast. The first thing is that, as I said it was one of previous question, I think it was from Jeff, we expect to build some balances in the balance of the year for credit reserves, CECL balance -- CECL reserves, sorry. And so, that will put a bit of pressure on the EPS. The second thing is that OpEx, we're investing in technology. As I said in my remarks as well, we're investing in our control management capabilities. And typically as well, it's a seasonal factor at American Express, we've seen operating expenses pick-up a little bit towards the end of the year. So when you bake all of this into account, including a bit more marketing that we are projecting at this at this point in time, in the balance of year, you actually get back on your feet and you'll see that the EPS cadence or run rate is actually not moving that much and remains like very high.
Christophe Le Caillec: Yeah . Thank you for your question, Moshe. There are a couple of things to keep in mind here. The first one is that, as I've said, we should expect the volume, the balances, the loans to growth rate to moderate a bit further in the balance of the year, although it will remain in double-digit. From a yield standpoint, we have a slide that shows the yield. We had a bit of a yield improvement on the back of, I would say a few things, year-over-year yield improvement on the back of their revolve rates are a bit higher and they keep ticking up a little bit. And the second thing is and as we covered during the Investor Day on the funding side, we still have this dynamic around a bigger share of our funding mix going to high yield savings accounts, which for us is an effective funding channel. And so that dynamic is still going to play out in the balance of the year. And so you should expect to see the NII growth rate kind of like moderate a bit in the balance of the year.
Christophe Le Caillec: So let me take the first one around how we're thinking about billing. So we are -- as I said, we see a lot of stability across the last two quarter, three quarters and even a bit further when you look at this in detail. So from a guidance standpoint, when we develop the guidance and the revenue guidance, that's what we bake in. If there is upside to that spend level, then all -- it's going to be a good thing for us. But from a guidance standpoint, that's what we are assuming on the revenue side. When it comes to global and large, last quarter, you remember, there was like a tick up, it was at 5%. This quarter there was a -- we're back to that 0%. There are few things here, like there's really nothing meaningful outside of like we noticed in like one specific client like a significant drop in terms of their card member usage, but there is nothing really material there, not big change, not an inflection point in terms of what we see in terms of corporate card spend. Donna, back to you.
