Daniel Henry: So to answer your question, I think that increased penetration into cash and checks, I think, will continue to occur over time. I think that will benefit both credit and charge segments. And it also will, over time, give yield to alternative payments, which is something that we are very focused on. So I think we're going to benefit both from our traditional business, our core business, as well as some of the areas that we are becoming more focused on. So I think it’ll be gradual, but I think there’ll continue to be a benefit from that.
Daniel Henry: Yes, so I think that, as we said, when credit improves, both write-off rates dropping and having the ability to release reserves, that we were going to take a portion of that and invest in the business and to really help grow both in the near term and the long term. And I think you've seen that we have the ability to increase investments and take them down as appropriate. So I would say we'll continue to use benefits from credit to invest in the business, although I think over the long haul, we’ll probably return to levels more similar to what you saw back in the '07 timeframe.
Daniel Henry: I'd say based on the spending levels that we have today, I would agree with that. As revenues and Billed business grow, we will over time need to take investment spending to higher levels than we saw in '07, but since spending is back probably at the '07, '08 levels, I would think about marketing at those levels being investments at the level that we saw in '07.
Daniel Henry: I think it’s in the charts. It's broad-based in terms of segment. It's broad-based in terms of geography. I think you can see that commercial card is very strong. So we're seeing strong growth in T&E by corporations and middle market. I think we're also seeing strong growth in other travel areas, such as Airline, which is both having higher transactions and higher price per ticket, which is partly some of their pricing, but also seems to be people moving back up into the front of the plane as well. So I think all those things are helping in terms of spend. And those things are the types of things our customers, who have great levels of discretionary spending and who spend at higher ticket items, you'd expect to see.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So as you indicate, many of our competitors are going to be hit by the change in debit pricing that will take place. What's going to actually happen in the marketplace when you think about what the pricing for debit is going to be, what merchants may or may not do in terms of discounting to move customers from credit to debit will have to play out over time. And you can paint some scenarios where there would be a greater impact to us as people move from credit to debit. But there are other scenarios that could actually go the other direction as we see how both customers react, if banks have to change their pricing on those debit products to actually put fees on the products possibly, whether customers would actually move from debit to credit, where there isn’t a fee. So I think there's a lot of scenarios out there and we're actually going to just have to wait and see how that plays out over time.
Daniel Henry: So this has to do with the rating agencies. And I think there’s actually something that just came out recently that's indicating that the SEC is going to weigh that for another six month period to see how it plays out. So I think it's not going to be an immediate issue through the next six months. Presumably, they'll work out some solution between now and then. But I would point out that we fund in a very diverse set of areas. We fund in the unsecured market, even if the traditional ABS market wasn't open because they couldn't resolve this, the 144 area within ABS where we could do funding, and we can do funding in deposits. So we have a wide breadth of funding available to us. So my sense is that we're not concerned about that. In all likelihood, that dispute will be resolved, but even if it wasn't, we see a wide variety of places for us to fund our business very effectively.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So I think month-to-date July, we're seeing double-digit growth. It's down slightly from where we were in June, but that's really driven by the fact that it's a more difficult rollover compared to '09, in July compared to June. So it's still remaining strong.
Daniel Henry: What I'd say is despite the fact that there’s a huge amount of uncertainty in the marketplace, really, over the last four or five months, as you can see from our numbers, spending by our customers has been really very good. It's very broad-based. And the spending has performed better than the other networks and the other large card issuers. So we're very pleased by the results that we're seeing.
Daniel Henry: So I think our competitors, probably over the past decade, have been very interested in the space that we operate. That's probably heightened by some of the legislation, which makes the economics at the lower end of the lending spectrum less attractive. And if we were not very diligent, then we would probably lose share, but we have been very diligent. We're very focused on the competition. We're very focused on continuing to improve the value proposition to our customers in terms of the rewards we provide, in terms of the service that we provide. I think everybody is well aware that for the past three years, we've been the number one service company in this industry and we continue to invest in that. So we are aware of the competition, but we continue to be confident in our ability to win in the marketplace.
Daniel Henry: Yes. If you go back on that chart, I guess Chart 19 -- Chart 11, sorry -- you can see back on the left-hand side that we would generally have a yield of about 9%. In anticipation of the CARD Act, we put pricing changes in place which increased that. I think it peaked at about 10%. And the pricing changes we put in were really intended to mitigate the impact of the CARD Act. So if that all played out the way we intended, we migrate back towards about 9%. So one caveat I put to that is that we have this look-back in the regulation. We think the pricing changes we made are appropriate for our business model, but there is uncertainty in terms of when that look-back takes place and is reviewed by the Fed.
Daniel Henry: So they continue at the level they are through, I think, it’s the second quarter of 2011. And then I guess it's the MasterCard that ends, and the Visa continues until later in, I think, the fourth quarter of 2011.
Daniel Henry: Yes. All of it, yes. Each of the payments from each of the networks are constant quarter-by-quarter, assuming our spend is achieved so the payments are contingent on spend. But we’re highly confident that we'll hit those targets.
Daniel Henry: So you're right. We have been focused on charge and co-brand, but we've also increased our investment levels compared to historical levels internationally because we see that as an area of growth. We also have increased spending within our merchant business on perceptions of coverage, because often, customers don't perceive that we have the coverage that we actually do. So we want to make sure that we're communicating that clearly. The investments we make, even the ones that get short-term benefit like card acquisition, we actually make those investments because of the lifetime economics that we have from the customers that we acquire. So we're getting benefit now, but we'll get it in the long term. Now in terms of your comment on cards-in-force, I just say that to the extent we acquire charge cards and co-brand, where customers spend at a higher level, it's more expensive to acquire those cards. So we wouldn't expect to have the kind of card growth that we had when we were acquiring large numbers of proprietary lending customers. I'd also say that we're going to give you more detail on this at the Financial Community Meeting that takes place in the first week in August. But just getting back to where we're spending the $900 million, I think you're going to see the benefit of that in the long term, but you're also seeing the benefit of that in our billings numbers. So we do think that the higher volumes that we're achieving compared to last year, and the higher volumes that we're achieving compared to the other networks, are due in part to the higher level of investments that we’ve really made over the last several quarters.
Daniel Henry: The one we can look to is Australia. Certainly, surcharging there took place and differential surcharging took place, and it had an impact in terms of the very early days of that. But over time, it has really moderated, and I think we've demonstrated in Australia our ability to adopt to the marketplace. And our business in Australia continues to be strong. And in fact, I think we've actually taken share there on our network compared to the others. So I think we have a business model that's adoptable to the environment that we face, and we have confidence that we’ll be able to do that in the United States as well. In terms of credit interchange, there's been no discussion of that at the moment. On the other hand, anything is possible, but it's not on the radar screen at the moment. I think they have several hundred rooms to write already, so maybe they'll undertake getting that done before they head off in another direction. But we'll have to wait and see.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So I think if I was looking at a historical tax rate, I think about it more in the low 30s. I think that's where we've been historically. Also, in this quarter, aside from the one item that I mentioned, also our income in the second quarter was higher than the first. So that causes the rate to increase, and we really have to cover the increase related to the first quarter that we didn't have in the rate then. So that's part of the impact as well. So you have to factor that in at the same time. But I would think about a normalized rate in the low 30s.
Daniel Henry: So I don't have that data in front of me, but if you have a quarter without unusual items or settlements, I'd put it more in the low 30s.
Daniel Henry: So Revolution Money we think is a great capability. It's something that we are looking at in terms of building out those capabilities. So we're investing in that during the current period. As we go forward, Dan Shulman will be very involved in the direction of Revolution Money and exactly what our strategies will be. I would view that as an investment certainly over the near term, but we think it's something that has potential and could be important to us as alternative payments evolve. So I think once Dan's in place and has a chance to look at it, I'm sure that's something that he'll be in a position to discuss with each of you in more detail.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So we haven't disclosed that information. The number of balances in the Care Program are relatively low and have been relatively consistent, I would say, over the past couple of quarters.
Daniel Henry: I think the answer to that question is that has to be true, but I would say it's relatively minor, the impact. I think the vast majority of the improvement is a combination of the actions we've taken on the broad portfolio, as well as the fact that our customer base is of high quality. We acted early and decisively and we have a high-quality customer base, and that's really the primary reasons that we're seeing improvement in credit metrics across the board.
Daniel Henry: So Prepaid is a relatively small business within the total company. It is an area that we are focused on. It is a company that we've had really pretty substantial growth in. It's an area that we'll continue to focus on in terms of investment. So we're playing in that space. And as I say, we've had good growth. But on a relative basis, it's a small part of the company.
Daniel Henry: I guess what I'd say is it's way too early to tell. The agency hasn't been created yet. And we'll have to wait and see exactly what rules they put in place, and then we will participate in that. But it's way too early to have any sense of what impact it could potentially have on the company.
Daniel Henry: The reserve coverage, or how we set reserves, is really based on a model based on historical information. We also set specific reserves against certain categories where we think it's appropriate. And then we also have a factor that relates to the environment. And our reserve coverage is cautious because of the uncertainty that exists in the environment. Whether you look at unemployment, which is stubbornly high, if you look at consumer confidence, you'll look at where housing is, it's just very uneven. And for that reason, we are remaining cautious as we said, on reserves. If you turn then to your second question about marketing, certain types of marketing, such as card acquisition, we have models that can predict very accurately when we bring in customers, what kind of spending we're going to get and when we're going to get it. And we constantly update those models based on recent activities. Other types of investments, if you go to the other end of the spectrum and you look at Revolution Money, we’re investing in a platform and developing capabilities. When we'll see the revenue from that will probably be some period of time in the future before it has a meaningful impact on our business. So we're really investing across a spectrum where we get some pretty immediate impact, a couple of months, and we see revenue in the top line, and others where it takes a longer period of time. And we believe it's very important to have investments that really go across the spectrum from short term to medium term to long term. So really, it depends on the investment. And then there are certain types of investments where it isn't as crystal-clear. So if you look at certain loyalty programs, we know in aggregate we get good returns on the aggregate loyalty programs we have. If you try to isolate that to one particular, it gets a little more difficult. If you look at marketing and advertising, clearly it’s something we want to be in the marketplace with. But again, measuring that on a precise basis isn’t as easy. So in some investments, you can see exactly when it's going to come; in others, it takes a longer period of time. So there's no formula I can give you to say, “For this dollars of marketing, this is the revenues that you should expect two quarters from now.”
Daniel Henry: I don't want to talk about each particular component. But certainly, the uncertainty that we see in the marketplace did not decrease in the second quarter compared to the first quarter.
Daniel Henry: So I think that we are certainly open to acquisitions that will enable us to further our strategies. Certainly in the area of new fee revenues or alternative payments may be spaces where that could be very helpful to us. Some may be more in the line of Revolution Money, where we have the broad capabilities first, but others could be of the nature that will, in the very near term, drive earnings and revenues for the company. So I think it could fall into either of those two categories. And as we've said, we're very open to doing that to the extent that it can help us further some of our strategic initiatives.
Daniel Henry: So at the moment, that's not on the top of our agenda. But as you can see, our Tier 1 common capital ratio is strong at 10.7. It's something that we'll think about over the moderate term, but also will require a conversation, I think, with our regulators. So that's something we'll think about, but it's not in our agenda in the very near term.
Daniel Henry: So I look at bankruptcies -- if you look at last quarter, and you can see on the chart that they dropped down. I think the industry was relatively stable in growth last quarter, but the increase that we saw in the second quarter compared to the first quarter was very much in line with industry trends. So you could see on Slide 22 that it was pretty stable for several quarters at around 70. Dropped down last quarter, as I said, to 65. In the industry, last quarter, growth was kind of stable. So we had performed a little bit better. But the increase that you see in the second quarter growth is very much in line with what the industry growth was.
Daniel Henry: So the impact to the bottom line is not only dependent on the filings but the actual size of the filings; what’s the average balance in there. And also many of the filings that we received, we've already written off the account. So whether the mix is changing, and what the percentage of accounts already written off will also have a factor. So it's the filings combined with the average size, and what percent have already been written off really dictates what eventually falls through the P&L.
Daniel Henry: Yes. So we will address that at the Financial Community Meeting. We're not going to know exactly where they'll set them, but we'll make an assumption, and then based on that assumption, we'll set some new guidelines for ROE.
Daniel Henry: So certainly last year, when marketing was way down, we were focused on the near term. And now that we have the ability to invest more broadly, we'd be more inclined to have a greater percentage, clearly in the moderate to long term. If I contrasted to '07, I would say we probably have more investments in this quarter that are focused on the medium to long term than you would’ve had back in '07 when the investment models were up [ph].
Daniel Henry: So I think to the extent we execute against our strategy of focusing on charge and co-brand, those customers tend to spend at a higher level. So it should be a positive effect on revenues over time. In this quarter, I think it's a combination of that shift in strategy as well as just customer behavior, where they've gone from a point where they pulled back on their spending last year; they're bringing their spending levels back up. So I think both those factors were important in terms of the increases that we saw in the second quarter. So let's just have one last question.
