Jeff Campbell: Well, I think when you look at the company’s history, we have selectively used acquisitions over the years when we see an opportunity to either enhance our capabilities or build upon an existing strength of the company in an area. And certainly as we think about our long-term strategies, we are always looking for opportunities to do that.  All that said, when you think about our policies on using our capital while on average and over time we’ve said we will return about 50% of our capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchase and use the other 50% for other growth initiatives or acquisitions. Acquisitions are the kinds of things that you can’t really predict and you really need to be very thoughtful about when you find the right opportunity. And when we don’t have those opportunities, we’re very committed to returning capital to shareholder and that’s what you saw us do in 2013.  And so when you think about the future it’s very hard to predict and I think our commitment is to be thoughtful about anything we do on the acquisition side and be very consistent in returning capital to shareholders when they’re are not opportunities that we think are great opportunities on the acquisition side.
Jeff Campbell: So two separate questions. So the size of the gain -- I will tell you, beyond saying it will be a material gain, there are still so many moving pieces as we work through the last part of this, that I am probably not comfortable giving you a number. I would point out that if you think about the math it’s pretty simple. If the partner puts in $700 million to $1 billion, we’ve got 50% ownership and re-contribute our assets, that will define the value, if you will, of what the joint venture will be worth and then what gain will drop out will be a function of what is on our books as we contribute the business travel enterprise to the joint venture.  So it will be a material gain. I can’t really give you a range today. As we thought about our CCAR submission what I would say to you is that what we convinced ourselves though and made the point of to the Fed in the submission is that in any circumstance, even though there is still a range of outcomes here, we would see that the transaction will be accretive or positive to our capital ratios. And so while we can’t quantify, it’s all upside and then we built our CCAR submission on an assumption that it would be neutral to positive. But we didn’t -- the way these things work, we want to build a share repurchase plan based on the certainty that it would happen.
Jeff Campbell: So on CCAR, I would say, we certainly did not build in a contingency. I don’t think that really fits with the way the CCAR process have evolved to thus far as run by the fed. More broadly, when we think about our CCAR submission, we clearly do a tremendous amount of work internally and have a tremendous amount of discussion and debate amongst the management team and with our Board of Directors. And it is really all aims are trying to balance the views of our regulators, the views of our shareholders and our own views about the strength of our capital structure and our future performance. I think that leads you to what we submitted and I don’t want to get into the details of what we submitted. But I think our history would show that we are pretty committed to consistently being shareholder friendly. We believe that our capital structure is strong and within that set of thoughts, we submitted what we thought was a very balanced submission and we’ll see how it goes. On the tax rate, geographic mix does vary a little bit. If you look over the last few years, our tax rate has consistently been in the low 30s, but it’s varied a little bit between about 30% to 32% on a full annual basis. And we don’t necessarily see anything that we learned this year that suggest we will be outside that historical range. Beyond that, probably is a little hard to predict exactly what will happen in terms of the mix and other items next year.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. It is probably tough to specifically quantify, but the basic trend is pretty simple. If you think about the fourth quarter, you have a little spurred upwards in retail spend and a little decline in some of the more business-oriented spend. And that mix shift is quite consistent each year and drives the discount rate down very, very modestly and that’s why you see it pop back up in Q1.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I want to be a little careful because this is a potential joint venture. I think the point I was trying to make in my prepared remarks is we have a long track record of being very thoughtful about how we balance our on average and over time financial targets, with steadily investing in the many growth opportunities that we see. And it is certainly possible that as we get into 2014 and as we execute on the business travel joint venture, you may see an elevated level of investments depending on how all the final economics work out. And we will be as we always are thoughtful about making those investments in things that are going to produce very good returns for our shareholders, and we will be very transparent about what we are doing and why.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think it’s early for anyone to know exactly what all of the impacts of the Target breach will be. Although there is obviously already a line of regulators and other oversight authorities who have expressed interest and understanding what’s going on. I think from our perspective, we have a tremendous dedication to the security of everything that goes on between our merchants and our cardmembers. We have the lowest fraud rates in the industry. Our closed loop gives us some real advantages here in helping to manage things.  And there are many things we can do with our merchant partners frankly that help lower fraud rates. Moving towards new technologies like EMV is one of those things. But frankly, there are many others and they all have different costs and difference trade-offs. Certainly, it has long been our goal to work ever more closely with our merchant partners to lower rates of fraud. We think that this may spur greater interest in doing that. The exact form it takes, I think, is probably anyone’s guess at this point.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think we probably start by thinking about this from the customer or cardmembers’ perspective. And we have a long track record of doing lots of things that make all of our products valuable propositions for the customer. In the specific case of the Platinum Card, that is a card really targeted to people who travel a lot. There is a wide range of benefits that people get from the Platinum Card, including I would point out, even post once the American Airlines announcement goes into effect, which I believe is March, we will have access to three different sets of lounges - Delta as well as two others, Priority Pass and Airspace.  We have a variety of credits that we offer to customers on cost of global entry and other airline fees. You are correct that we are experimenting with building our own lounges and they’ve met quite a rousing reception thus far, in the two that we’ve opened in Las Vegas and Dallas. And we’ve announced plans already to open a couple others at LaGuardia in New York and in San Francisco. So, we see and we also feel that we remain very competitive, because if you think about it with the consolidation in the airline industry, and I would remind you as someone who was the CFO of American Airlines 12 years ago, there were a lot more airlines when I was the CFO there.  As the airlines have consolidated, you’re really left today with sort of no card is going to give you access to any broader set of lounges than what our Platinum Card does, and that’s sort of what airline consolidation has done. So we feel very good about the customer proposition and we think we have a long track record of being innovative about how we continually evolve that proposition. So it is a great value to customers and that is, that will drive all of, I think ultimately, yes, that will fall into our P&L and have an impact on the cardmember services line. But I think, frankly, the best way to think about that is, I would not expect this to have any material impact one way or the other as we continually find ways to provide value to our customers.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so we are very excited about both the Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank relationships, and we see it as a really great commentary and the many things we can bring to our partners in this kinds of relationships. Now it is a long and complex thing for large institutions to launch new products. The first thing, I do want to point out as well. Wells has begun to launch a few small test markets. These deals will actually take several years to fully rollout and reach some level of maturity. We’re clearly very excited about the longer term potential of both of these partnerships and we think for both of those institutions we can really help them achieve any of the business goals they have and further their penetration particularly amongst their own customer basis and help them grow their card businesses to be more commensurate, frankly, with the broader size of those two institutions. But this will play out over a longer time period and so, I probably don’t want to size it beyond those general comments.
Jeff Campbell: Well, clearly, on the prepaid products you have both a range of fee revenue. Although, I would point out to you that we have worked very hard going back to some ways my comments about the Platinum Card. We have worked very hard to start with the customer proposition and I think you would find that we have two of the lowest fee products in the market with the widest range of functionality and features for the consumer and that’s exactly where we want to be on the continuum here. When you think about the economics, you have a range of both revenues from fees, as well as, of course the point-of-sale or discount revenue. And you also have to think about it in the broader context of the family of products in the many different customer segments that American Express targets reaches. So we look at all those things as we look at the economic model for Serve and for Bluebird and we are still in early stages, I would point out to you, we just re-launched the Serve product for example a few months ago. But we’re encouraged by the early signs and we think this is a market that over the years will grow to be a very significant market.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. You’re thinking about it exactly the right way. The two things I’d remind you about are, these kinds of quite complex transactions do not come without a tremendous amount of effort and cost by both internal and external resources. And then, I’d also remind you that our Business Travel business is a highly global business, which produces a very complex structure and will produce a very complex tax outcome, which is part of what we are still working through. But with those two editions, yes, it really is as simple as what you just took us through.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. So, on the 4.5, the interesting thing is if you look actually at the data we have this year, we don’t have GDP data, of course, for Q4. The 4.5 historical relationships still seems like a pretty good metric when you look at the most recent quarters and just to make sure everyone on the call is clear that’s applying that 4.5 ratio to year-over-year real GDP. I had to train myself a little bit since I joined American Express six months ago, much of the media talks about sequential rates of GDP growth, but what we’re talking is the year-over-year number. And I would say, we’re not saying -- we are not necessarily actually trying to make any commentary on correlation but we are saying when you just look at the math that historical relationship has existed. To go to the operating expense ratio, you’re right, I think it’s for the full year of 2013, we ended at 70%, I believe we were at 71% last year, if you exclude the restructuring and other charges. The point I would make is we are very committed to the operating expense goals that we have laid out very publicly for over a year now and that is keeping our operating expense growth in 2014 to less than 3% as we did in 2013. Beyond that, I would say we want to be a little cautious about driving to other expense ratios because what we are always trying to do is meet our bottom line on average over time targets, particularly around EPS, while still being really thoughtful about how we can most productively and with the highest returns invest in growth opportunities for our shareholders.  And those growth opportunities come in different forms. Sometimes it takes just traditional advertising and promotional spend, other times it means hiring sales people who runs our operation expense. And you get different impacts depending on which ratio you want to manage. And so, and I would say our real commitment is to working towards continuing to meet our on-average and over time bottom line targets and for 2014 meeting that operating expense target.
Jeff Campbell: I’ll tell you the complexity of this is great, because you are correct. There are some parts of this business that are quite old. I would also tell you they’re very, very intertwined. We have, for most of our long history in the travel business, run it in a pretty integrated fashion with other parts of our company that we’ll retain. I’d remind you that over the years we have done a number of acquisitions, which adds complexity. It is a highly global business. So, maybe this goes a little bit to the point I made in response to the earlier question about, there are deal costs, there are transaction costs. And part of them go to just sorting through how do we really cleanly create a separate entity and how do we make sure that we understand all of the financial and legal and tax implications.  And I’ll stop there because I don’t want to sound overly apologetic. But for all of those reasons it’s just difficult to give you a better estimate at this point.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I certainly would quickly say we do not expect the outcome you had at the end of your statement there. So, let me step back for a minute. So I’ll make a few points. And I might almost start with, look we are out there every single day working to build relationships with our merchant partners. And we are really all about helping them grow their businesses, we’re not about being in litigation with them.  And so part of what we are trying to do here is find a way to put this litigation behind us and begin to work more productively with all of our merchant partners. What we get out of the agreement is a clear commitment that our card members will be treated fairly relative to other credit and charge card customers of any other institution. That is very important to us. We think there is tremendous value there.  We also believe and we are long on public record about this that surcharging is a very consumer and customer unfriendly practice. I’d remind you that surcharging is outlawed in a number of states in the U.S. And I’d also remind you that there are many countries all around the globe of course where we do business, which have all many different regulatory regimes. And In those where surcharging has been allowed, it has not become a rampant practice, we think because merchants recognize that it is just not a customer-friendly practice. So when all is said and done, we thought this settlement was a good think for our shareholders, was a good thing for our merchant partners and allow us to get back to running the business and building relationships.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. Well, I do think it is important to be very clear about what I said about China. So, our China growth in billings has been tremendous and has been a significant, though not the only part of why you see particularly high growth rates when we breakout billed business for you either by segment, it’s in the GNS segment or by region where you see it in the JAPA region, and we’re very pleased by that billings growth. But I would remind you that in China as you would really see for all foreign payments players, today we earn very little revenue on the domestic spend within China and then we do much better on what we would call the outbound spend and that’s just due to the regulatory environment in China. So longer term, we think it’s really important that we establish as larger presence as we can in China and we have a number of different business things that we’re doing in China. One of which is reflected in the great growth in billed business that you see, I just want to be a little cautious in saying that that billed business does not today generate particularly material amounts of revenue or earnings.
Jeff Campbell: Well, we are continually exploring different opportunities in China. I certainly don’t want to get into exactly who we are talking to and what our strategies are in China. Let me just say that we see it as a very exciting long-term market. We think our brand carries into China very well. I think the billing growth that you are seeing demonstrates that and we think that it is creating a number of interesting opportunities for us, but I really don’t want to comment beyond that.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so let me -- maybe answer those in reverse. Certainly in terms of the economy, we don’t profess to have any greater insights, our business is not necessary a leading indicator. So, I would tell you, we build our internal plans around a consensus economists forecast of what GDP in the U.S. and many other markets around the globe is going to be. And I think we are pretty transparent about our sensitivity to what economic growth actually ends up to be, and so we hope that it turns out to be frankly as strong as sum of the consensus economists are saying. When you look at Q4, certainly like all payment forms, we see tremendously high growth rates in online spend. We’re not going to provide today any specific numbers about Q4, I would just make the obvious point that like other players, the growth rates in online spend are quite high. It still remains a more modest piece of the total.  I think the most important thing though for us as we think about trends and what we saw over the course of 2013 does come back to the point I made earlier that we are pleased by the fact that when you look at the back half of the year, you saw an acceleration across billings and across revenues versus what you saw in the first half. So, we think that’s a good trend as we head into 2014, whatever the economic environment may be. 
Jeff Campbell: Great. So I’d like to thank you all for your time and Operator, I think we’re done. Thanks for your interest in American Express.
