Daniel T. Henry: So as you said, we disclosed that on an FX and days mix adjusted. It was 7% in July. So we're up slightly from there. So obviously, the last 2 months were a little stronger than July. But I would say it was pretty even over those 2 remaining months. So there's not a trend going in either direction. In terms of Europe -- sorry, we had some background noise there. In terms of Europe, I think it's slightly slower growth than we saw last quarter. Notwithstanding that, it is down slightly but still at 3%. So again, we're seeing some slowdown, really, across Europe, so no major change in terms of how the various countries are performing on a relative basis to each other.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. The -- I think in the normal course, we periodically think it's appropriate to review the estimation process. It's generally driven by behavior changes by customers or as we collect more information. So in the first quarter of 2011, we made a change in the estimation process. Previous to that, we had only used attriter information, people who had left the program, to estimate the ultimate redemption rate for the active participants. At that juncture, we started to incorporate information from active participants. And so after that, we thought we would monitor it, and we thought it was appropriate at this juncture to do an evaluation of the estimation process.
Daniel T. Henry: So like everybody else in the industry, we know that regulators had a concern about them. So we stopped marketing earlier in the year, and we'll no longer offer Account Protector or ID Protect products as of December 31 of this year. And I'd point out that these products are not a significant source of revenue to us.
Daniel T. Henry: So Membership Rewards, we view as being a competitive advantage to us. As I said, they are an important part of driving billings. It also is a way for us to have a very close relationship to our customers. So it's a key element. It's not the only element. Certainly, cardmember benefits and superior servicing are all part of our value proposition, but Membership Rewards is a program that we think is the best in the industry. We actually think, to the extent we enhance the program and we have higher redemptions, that, that will have a very positive impact on the long-term health of our business. So at this juncture, we're not thinking of any initiatives -- wholesale initiatives to change the value proposition and drive the ultimate redemption rate down. If it continues to increase and drive billings in the future, then we would view that as a positive. In terms of Walmart -- so Walmart, we will, from that product, earn certain discount rate at the prepaid discount rate. We also will earn some float on the balances. There are no rewards costs related to this. There may be some minimal credit-type losses. There are actually no credit losses, but there could be some fraud losses. And really, what we need to do is grow this so that we can scale this and take advantage of what is a relatively low, fixed-base cost related to this product. So that's what I would say in terms of what you should expect in the future in terms of what lines it will hit.
Daniel T. Henry: I think last year, when we made our request, we wanted to remain [ph] flexibility so that if we were to do acquisitions, that we had built that into the submission that we had made, and also have the ability to distribute a significant portion of earnings if we didn't do acquisitions. And I would think we would structure our submission in a similar manner this year to give us flexibility in terms of what we do into 2013. And I think the fact that we have a strong capital base and the fact that we fared very well in the severe scenario that the Fed selected and had our capital drop to a much lower degree than most others, I think, are all contributing factors that put us in a position to actually make that type of submission.
Daniel T. Henry: I think we saw in -- throughout 2009 -- the flutter [ph] of 2009, '10 and '11 that we improved sooner on the credit side than most of the industry. And I think loan growth, as we were in 2011, was probably being impacted by the fact that people were deleveraging and we were seeing paydown rates increase over that period. But over the last 4 quarters or so, we've seen our paydown rates stabilize more. And as you know, our paydown rates are significantly higher than the competition. But the fact that those paydown rates are not going up, I think, is a contributing factor to the growth rate in loans gradually increasing over time. And as you know, we are very focused on Charge Card but also premium lending, and so I think all of those things are contributing factors to the growth we see in loans.
Daniel T. Henry: In credit? As you know, our credit metrics are at historical lows. As we think about where we go from here, we want to be thoughtful in terms of growing the business -- growing the premium business. Obviously, as you bring on new accounts, they have a somewhat higher risk profile just because they're at an earlier tenure in their life. And quite frankly, I've said this before, if you were to give me a choice of bringing in a group of customers that were going to have a 3% write-off rate, but had better economics compared to a group of customers that had a 2% write-off rate and lower economics, I would pick the group with the 3% write-off rate. Because again, we're not endeavoring just to have a low write-off rate, but good economic decisions when we do our investments.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So in talking about the ultimate redemption rate, in the first quarter of 2011, we moved from using strictly data from people who had attrited to estimate the ultimate redemption rate to using that data plus information related to current participants, and we thought that would give us a better estimate. So that was kind of the change that we made at that juncture. The work we're doing now in terms of reviewing the estimation process is we're looking at whether we can enhance the segmentation of the information so that we can have a refined estimate that's enhanced. So that's the reason that we are looking at that. I fully recognize that saying that we're going to have a charge isn't particularly helpful to you in terms of understanding the amount. But at this juncture, we haven't evolved the models to a sufficient degree to have a reliable estimate. But I guess, in terms of trying to frame it for yourself, 2 things that you may think about is, first, as we disclosed in the annual report, if there was a 100-basis-point increase in the URR -- this is not a forecast. I'm simply quoting from the annual report. If there was a 100-basis-point increase, then, too, we would have a $330-million increase in the liability and there would be a charge to P&L in that period. I guess the other data point that I would give you, that we haven't disclosed before, is that if we had a 100-basis-point increase in the URR, that would have an impact of increasing annual expense by approximately $40 million. So that's in terms of just dimensionalizing it. Hopefully, it's helpful. Now in terms of your second question related to fee-based revenue progress, so we continue to expand the services we offer to cardmembers, merchants and other customers. There has been no change to the target that we put out there. We're about halfway through our time frame and still think our target is appropriate, although $3 billion is an ambitious target in an economy that remains so uneven. There's still a great deal of work to do, but we are moving forward on a number of fronts. Our emphasis will be on organic growth, but targeted acquisitions, such as Loyalty Partner and Accertify, may also play a role if we see the right opportunities. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Daniel T. Henry: So fee-based revenues is -- basically, the update is what I just said a moment ago. We continue to expand our services. We're about halfway through the time frame that we laid out to hit the $3-billion target. We recognize that it's a very ambitious target, given the economy. And we have great deal of work to do, but we're moving forward. I think we'll primarily get it through organic initiatives, but we may do targeted acquisitions as well.
Daniel T. Henry: We think that target, which is to be at a $3-billion run rate as we exit 2014, continues to be an appropriate target.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So Asia Pacific, yes, so I think we -- so Australia is a big market for us within the Asian market and we have seen a decline in business there, particularly in the T&E segment. And we think that's probably a reflection of the fact that China is slowing down and Australia's economy has some pretty close linkages to China. So that's the biggest impact that we're seeing that is influencing the slowdown in the growth rate in billings in that region.
Daniel T. Henry: So I would not -- I don't want to forecast here, but I think loan growth is driven by 2 things: one, it's the growth rate in spending on lending products; and then the second aspect is customer behavior and whether they are still in a mode that they want to kind of de-lever, in which case, we're going to see higher paydown rates. Or at some juncture, should they move to a space where they're more comfortable and aren't focused on that, in which case, we could move to a spot where the growth in loans is very similar to the growth in spending on lending products. But there's lots of factors that play into that. Certainly, we have never ever had a target for loan growth. So loan growth is simply an outcome of the products we put out there that allow customers to revolve if they choose to and then how that customer utilizes the balance. But it emphasized that we are very focused on premium lending. We are not engaging in balance transfer, and we are looking to acquire customers that are higher spenders. We also have a focus on the fact that there are customers out there who are very good customers for us, are high spenders and carry balances at other institutions. And I think we'd be very interested in acquiring those balances. So certainly, just like Charge Card, premium lending has very good economics, and it will continue to be one of our focuses going forward.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think, as we grow the business, we have always maintained the same types of credit requirements. Although certainly, as we look to get deeper penetration into premium lending, you bring on new customers. And any time you bring in a cohort of new customers, at least in the first 2 years of their life, they tend to have higher credit losses. So that could be one element of it. And again, we -- as I said before, we don't target loan write-off rates. We target good economics. Obviously, the percentage of people who are in that lower-tenured group could be a factor, then obviously the economy. If the economy continues to be strong as we grow our business, you'll probably see less of a movement. If we see some deterioration in the economy, that'll obviously influence it as we go forward.
Daniel T. Henry: I think certain elements would be. So to the extent we get discount revenue on bluebird, you could look at that as it's a fee, because it is a fee. And certainly, other fee elements related to Serve would fit there. To the extent we have interest income on float, I wouldn't consider that to be a fee. So it may -- certain elements in the product will be fees and others will not. But certainly, they would be part of what we're looking to in terms of achieving our target over time.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes, it is. And I think it's logical because there's really no credit risk associated with those fees. So I kind of view it a little different than we might discount revenue related to either charge or lending products.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I would say that we are seeing lower T&E spending compared to other categories pretty broadly. It was a contributor to Australia. It also was a contributing factor to the slowdown in growth rate for Global Corporate Services. And I think we see large corporations, in particular, being a little bit conservative here and seeing a drop in spending among some of our larger corporate clients. So it's pretty -- I think it's pretty broad-based.
Daniel T. Henry: Spread geographically as well, yes, and in some lower levels of transactions. But notwithstanding that, when you consider all those negatives I just said in that sentence, we still are managing to have good business growth on an FX-adjusted basis of 8%.
Daniel T. Henry: Well, it's not an item that we separately disclose. It is one of the items that represents the difference between the growth in billed business and the growth in discount revenues. And I guess it's a reflection of the fact that our cash-back products are being successful in the marketplace, so that pleases us in terms of that product category.
Daniel T. Henry: So the majority of the payout we had under the regulatory order had been previously accrued. However, in this quarter, as we continued to do our own ongoing reviews, we did accrue amounts related to those reviews. So they were variable enough to mention but not so large that we would provide the dollar amount.
Daniel T. Henry: So in the third quarter of last year -- I think in each of the quarters that we've had, I think they've been manageable numbers.
Daniel T. Henry: As I said, I think if you went back to the fourth quarter through now, there has been some amount in each quarter but none in any quarter that kind of crosses our threshold for disclosing the amount.
Daniel T. Henry: I think what we're expecting is for discovery to be completed sometime early in 2013. And then after that, there'll be some time that elapses before we actually get to the next stage in the process.
Daniel T. Henry: So I -- there's certainly a broad set of initiatives. Certainly, Serve and prepaid reloadables would be elements where we would expect to contribute to our target. Loyalty Partner is an acquisition that we've discussed with you. We would think that's another notable piece of the pie. I would say, though, that if we were to sit here 3 years ago and think about the progress that would've been made in alternative payments and wallets and the like, you probably would've thought we were further along than we are today. So that's not a comment about American Express, specifically, but really about the industry. We continue to see a fair amount of press releases but not necessarily a fair amount of product that's in the marketplace. And the other thing, as I mentioned, is this is a pretty uneven economy. So it makes the achieving that target all the more challenging, but we do have a number of projects that are under way. And we continue to look at other initiatives as we go forward over the next 2 years, as we head towards the latter part of 2014.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes, it's -- so as you say, it's only up slightly. It could be a little bit related to revolve rates but not a huge move in revolve rates. So we continue to watch it and make sure that the mix we have is right. Certainly, just a change in mix among products can also have a slight increase in terms of -- increase or decrease, depending on which way it moves. So we watch it closely. We've said that we want that number to be around 9% and that's what it's been largely over the last several quarters, slightly higher this quarter but not by a huge amount.
Daniel T. Henry: So it's hard to tease that out, to be quite frank. We are focused on premium lending. We have developed products to drive in that direction. As I said before, we recognize that there are some of our cardmembers who we know very well and we think have good credit who have balances elsewhere. That's certainly one of the things that we are thinking about. We're staying away from balance transfers and those kinds of initiatives, so we're not going there. And as I said before, we have never had a target for loan growth. It's an outcome of putting products in the marketplace as a design to drive spend and then the consumer deciding to utilize that. And how much they want to utilize that in part will be impacted by lots of things, including how they feel in terms of their confidence and where the economy is going. So there's lots of small moving parts within there. But there's not one overarching driving force that is impacting loan growth. And you could see that it's been a very gradual increase over time. And the fact that is the biggest is that 1 year ago or more, we were really seeing an increase in the paydown rate. And that was holding down loan growth effectively, and that has really -- it's increasing a little bit, but it's really stabilized over the last several quarters. So in terms of a change, I would say that's probably the largest contributing factor.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think all new products evolve over time. And I think as a company, we came to the realization that our brand has a lot of attributes which are important to people who would use the Serve product or a reloadable prepaid. We do stand for trust, security and servicing. All those things are important when you think about a product like those. And so the decision was made to make it more prominent, so people who are purchasing those products recognize the linkage of Serve to the American Express family.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think -- obviously, people who are utilizing the reloadable prepaid, in particular, are a different group of customers than some of our premium products. But I think many of the attributes of our company and our brand are important to that customer group as well. And we think we have a platform in Serve, which is what reloadable prepaid is running on, and so we want to leverage that. And we think we can put products out there that can be very competitive in the marketplace.
Daniel T. Henry: So I'd say yes to all of those things, right? So I think it does push more volume onto our network. We think that is a very good thing. We think we can achieve good economics. We also see it as a large market today, I think over $300 billion. And it's forecasted to grow at, I think, 12% to 13% going forward. So it's a growing market. We have the capabilities and skills to be successful here. And so we viewed it as a good opportunity and also helping to grow to -- contribute to our growth in fee businesses.
Daniel T. Henry: So in our planning, we always have a base-case plan, and we have been scenarios. If things were to be better, we know exactly what we'd do. And if things were to be worse, we know exactly what we're going to do. So we will monitor this closely. But at the moment, we're focused on our base plan but do have these other scenarios in case we need to react quickly. Okay. So thanks, everybody, for joining the call, and have a good evening.
David S. Hochstim: Could you just provide a little more color on what you're seeing in the decline in T&E spending? Is it fewer transactions? Is it lower prices on hotels or airline tickets? I noticed there was an increase in airline spending, about 2%, I think, FX adjusted. But I'm wondering if there's economic slowdown occurring in more than just Australia.
David S. Hochstim: And then finally, could you just clarify what you were saying about the regulatory and litigation reserves? It sounds like you didn't take anything additional in third quarter. Is that to say that you don't -- and I guess, you don't anticipate, or it's not a problem, not estimable [ph], what's related to the protection...
David S. Hochstim: And I guess, could you give us a sense if they were more or less than a year ago in the third quarter? So was that...
