Daniel T. Henry: So that's usually the type of information we provide at one of our semiannual conferences and don't provide it on a recurring basis. I guess what I would say is what we saw in the quarter where our growth was generally higher than most of the other competitors is a reflection of our business model, and we're only reaping the benefits of the investments that we've made over the past couple of years. While the growth rate did decline from the third quarter, I think we've seen that really across the industry. And the decline really was pretty spread out across the globe and really across most of our businesses. So it's kind of the -- what we're seeing, I think, is really a reflection of what's taking place in the economy. But at this point, we don't have other information to share in terms of changes that may be taking -- by different wallet size. As you know, when we had this decrease or recession, you saw the steepest reduction in people who had the highest spend because they had the greatest amount of discretionary spending. But we've seen those customers bounce back very nicely over the last 2 years, and they continue to have very high levels of engagement as you can see by the increases in the average spend of our cardmembers.
Daniel T. Henry: I would say it was pretty even over the course of the quarter, kind of month by month. So it wasn't a situation where December was notably different than the spending growth rate for the quarter.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes, what we'll see actually next year, as you indicated in your question, will be dependent on where the economy goes. And we fully recognize that we have had very strong growth over the last 2 years, so the comparables will be more difficult, and there are some benefits that are not going to reoccur. As we think about this, we want to make good, smart investment decisions that are going to drive the growth of the business over the long term. And as we think about all of our targets, we think about them as on average and over time targets. We've always kind of addressed it that way and we'll continue to do the same as we go forward.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes, so I think the change in yields that we've seen in international are a part of the focus on premium lending that we put in place. And that's what's really driving the yields down. To us, whether the yields in international stay exactly where they are or modulate from there, the important thing is one of the overall economics of the product focusing both on the spend that they have, the loan balance that they have, as well as the yield. In the U.S., we've kind of given guidance that we expect it to be kind of in this high 8% to 9% range, and you could see that we've stabilized in the U.S. at that level.
Daniel T. Henry: So in MR, we had growth on the expense line of 10%, which is fairly in line with the growth that we see in spending. And most of our products have a report -- a reward component related to it. In any given quarter, it's also impacted by what the weighted average cost per point is and a number of other factors. So to the extent rewards is a couple of percentages, growth is a couple of percentages above or below, I would consider that to be in line with spending growth. So in the absence of an acceleration in redemptions, which lead to higher growth in the ultimate redemption rate, we would expect that rewards expense would grow generally in line with spending. Now as it relates to dividends payout, so we think about dividends as trying to, over time, maintain the kind of the yield or the payout ratio of dividends compared to earnings that we've historically have. So I would expect as earnings go up, we would try to keep that same type of payout ratio going forward, not radically change dividends either up or down. And to the extent we then generate capital, that is either dividend-ed out or used to support growth in our balance sheet to maintain our capital ratios, or to support acquisitions, we would use that in terms of share buybacks. We've said dimensionally we would expect about 50% to be retained in the business of earnings and 50% to be returned to shareholders, but that's very dependent on the number of acquisitions that are out there that we think are economical and will help us drive our business strategy. So this time if we saw more acquisitions we thought worthwhile, the payout could be a little lower than that. And to the extent we don't see acquisitions that we decide to make, then the payout ratio in a given year would be higher than that. So no change really in the policy that we've articulated over the past year.
Daniel T. Henry: So as you'd expect, I'm not going to forecast next year's EPS, but you're absolutely right. What we have said is 2010 is a good base year and off of that, on average and over time, we would look to achieve the financial targets that we have out there in terms of 8% revenue growth and 12% to 15% EPS growth. So 2010 is the base year, and we haven't modified our targets at all. Obviously, we hit 22% growth in this year, and it's an example of when we are above that range.
Daniel T. Henry: So our tax rate is generally 30% to 32%. So in the absence of benefits, either from planning or from the resolution of audits, I would expect it to be in that same range.
Daniel T. Henry: So there are 3 different topics. So Prepaid, we think, is an expanding market. We are investing in Prepaid. We think it has very good growth rates over time and attractive economics for us. So that is an area that we are focused as a growth area. Target is just one example of some of the new products that we have out there. We're focused both in the U.S. and really globally for Prepaid. So we're very pleased with how the Prepaid business is growing. In terms of the announcement we made yesterday. Basically, we've entered into an operating agreement with a company in China named Lianlian. Basically, we are going to license our Serve platform, which will be really what drives a digital wallet that they want to develop. As we all know, China is a very large market. It provides an opportunity for us to participate there. And we also made a equity investment in Lianlian Pay, Inc. of $125 million. So it's very much in line with our strategy, and we're pleased with that agreement and investment. In terms of Loyalty Partner, which is the acquisition that we closed in March of 2011, we think we -- and it continues to have good growth prospects, which is the reason that we acquired it, and we're in the process of doing the work necessary to execute against our strategy. So I think each of those are moving in line with the plans that we've set out for each of the respective businesses.
Daniel T. Henry: So certainly you could kind of look at it on a basis points to billings basis. We have invested in making Membership Rewards a highly attractive program, which we think it is. We think it's terrific if customers increased the amount of redemptions they make, because there's a clear link between cardmembers who do redemptions and growth in their spending as we go forward. So improving the program and increasing engagement, which is reflected in redemptions. But that ultimately impacts our estimate of the ultimate redemption rate. We think it's a good thing for the franchise. In this quarter, it so happened that, that increase, which is a slight increase, was similar to the fourth quarter of last year. If in fact as we go forward that ticks up, the ultimate redemption rate, we would actually view that as a positive thing, long term for the franchise. As you saw in the second and third quarter, if it moves up quite a bit compared to the prior year, then you get high growth rates on this line. However, if the ultimate redemption rate stayed at the current level with modest increases, which was similar year-to-year, then I think you have this relationship of rewards to billings continue into the future.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. I think there's a tremendous focus on revenue growth in our industry. Certainly, what happened with the economy, which is uncertain, will have a bearing on whether we achieve the 8%. But I think it's important to remember that our business model is very different than many of our issuing competitors. They are very dependent on loan growth, which is particularly challenged. Net interest only represents about 15% or only represented about 15% of our revenues in this period. So to the extent we're successful with our business strategies and drive spending, then I think we're going to be in a better position than many of our competitors in terms of achieving revenue growth as we go forward. But in terms of how we allocate our investments, certainly as we've said in the past, we look to allocate investments to things that will give a short-term benefit, some to the medium term and some to the long term. Certainly in periods where things are more robust, you may tend to allocate more to the long term. And if it's a more challenging environment, you may do more focus on the piece that has short-term benefits. But we would never skew completely away from investing in medium to long term because we really do look at achieving results on average and over time, and that we're in the midst of investing in some new businesses that we think are -- have a lot of potential to them. So we would not detract from continuing to invest in those new businesses as we go forward. But certainly, we can modulate in terms of the amount we allocate into the short, medium and long-term buckets.
Daniel T. Henry: If you think about the amount of capital that we generate, which is substantial, we have a fair amount of capital that we have discretion in terms of how we actually use it. So we generated earnings in the year of nearly $5 billion. So to the extent we're allocating 50% to really build the business because consumers are cautious about taking on additional loans. The growth in the balance sheet hasn't been that significant, so the amount of capital that's actually required to support that is $500 million or $600 million last year. So it leaves a lot of capacity for acquisitions. And if we find good acquisitions that can help us achieve our business strategies, we're going to go and make those as long as the price and the economics are reasonable. And if we found more than $1.9 billion, we go higher. On the other hand if we don't see good acquisitions, we would be inclined, actually, to return that capital to shareholders, if we're not going to use it in the very near term. That's always been our philosophy and will continue to be our philosophy. But if we see good acquisitions, we will seize on them. If not, we'll return the capital to shareholders.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay. So let me just add 1 or 2 more sentences to my prior answer as related to capital. So what I just described is the capital philosophy that we have, but obviously, what we actually do would be dependent on the Fed approving the plan that we submitted to them on January 9. So I would just put that as a modifier to the comments I made a minute ago. As it relates to Europe, I mean we saw 8% growth in the third quarter, 4% growth this quarter. The countries, certainly the U.K. and Germany and France, the companies that are -- the countries that are stronger, there we've seen declines from previous quarters in terms of growth rate, but still we're seeing growth in the mid-single digits, which is pretty good. And as you'd expect in the countries that are more impacted, we're seeing less growth or actually a slight decline, which is what we saw in Italy. So beyond that, I don't have any other additional color to add, but I think that will give you a sense. And what you'd expect is exactly is what we're seeing: more impact on the countries that are under greater economic stress in terms of their funding.
Daniel T. Henry: In terms of what percent of billed business? So in 2010, it was 12%. So if you look across the year, based on the information that we provided to you, Europe has actually grown at a slower rate than the rest of the world. So it could be still 12% or slightly less than that, but I would say in that neighborhood. Probably a little less than what we had last year when it represented 12% of billings.
Daniel T. Henry: So I don't think we -- I'm not aware that there's been any notable change in average ticket price. The positive is in the U.S., billings have really held up well. Growth has been 11% compared to 12% last quarter. And it's pretty broad-based, both in consumers, small business and corporate spending. So -- and as I said before, the average spend of our customers continues to grow very nicely, showing high levels of engagement on their part.
Daniel T. Henry: So there's no real update on the DoJ case. The first time that we'll have anything new would be there is a schedule to complete discovery I think in the first quarter of 2013. So right now, this discovery is taking place, and that'll take place over the course of the next year. So no real update in those terms. In terms of surcharging, I think there's nothing new on our part in terms of any changes to our policies in that regard. And the place we have seen surcharging to the greatest degree, which is a little bit of an old story now, is Australia. Certainly it had an impact on us initially, when it took place a couple of years ago, but we continue to evolve our business strategy there and have had very healthy growth rates in the market and are doing well. So nothing really to update that's new as it relates to surcharging.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think that case is primarily whether merchants could steer from one credit card company to another credit card company. I think it's the basis of the primary point in the suit. As we've said before, we have an advantage on the discount-rate basis compared to Visa and MasterCard, but there's only a certain limited amount of economics there. So it could be a real question in my mind of whether there's enough economics to actually cause somebody to switch from one credit card product to another credit card product given the potential cost that could be involved in that. But it's really a case focused on whether merchants can steer from one credit card to another. Basically within Durbin, they're allowed to steer from credit cards to debit, but that case is about credit card to credit card. And merchants have always had the ability and the right to give discounts based on payments for cash.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes, I think it's going to be totally dependent on the behaviors of our customers. If you look at the paydown rates in the lending trust last month or even a year ago, they are kind of all in that 30% range up a little bit, down a little bit. So we had gone through a period where it was increasing quite a bit. It seems to have stabilized here some. So it depends on whether that continues. We are focused on premium lending, but it certainly doesn't mean that our customers aren't going to evolve periodically. Certainly, they're picking a lending product because they want the ability and opportunity to revolve periodically. Now as we've talked about, we have some more transactors that we had historically in the portfolio. But I think lending will continue to be an important revenue stream at 15%, but it really depends on how consumers think about debt and how far they want to leverage. I don't think anybody knows whether that's complete yet or whether it will start to be more willing to take on some more revolving debt periodically. So really we're going to have to wait and see how customer behavior plays out. It's hard to pinpoint it since it's really a new space for where they were historically. But for us, the important thing is to put products in the marketplace that meet our customers' needs, and then they can use the product in a way that really meets their needs. So we can continue to be focused on that. But certainly, if there's the ability to put products out there in customers' hands and they would choose to evolve more, that's fine with us as long as the credit is right. Or if they choose to evolve a little less, that's fine with us as well. So we'll have to see how it evolves. It's really dependent on customer behavior going forward.
Daniel T. Henry: So I don't know what it is, but it's very small. You can certainly see from public data that we are not using balance transfer the way some competitors are. And even in our acquisition, it's not a huge tool. So I would say the amount at introductory rates is relatively small within the scheme of the whole portfolio.
Daniel T. Henry: So the answer to that is no. We thought it would -- before we started, before the CARD Act was passed, we were kind of in this high 8%, 9% range. When we put in pricing changes, we said our objective was to get back to where we were after the impact of the CARD Act. And we were successful at doing that. 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis is pretty minor, but it's not due to a look back. Certainly in the future, regulators will come and take a look at that, and you'll feel pretty comfortable with our position. But until you actually have somebody come in and look at it, you don't know if they concur completely with the steps that we've taken. But from our perspective, we're in an appropriate spot. And to specifically answer your question, no, it wasn't due to a look back.
Daniel T. Henry: So I don't know exactly. Have we disclosed this? I think it's about 15% in that range. Could be 14%, could be 16%, but we'll take a look and before we get off the phone, answer that question. I think it's 15%.
Daniel T. Henry: So I think we were getting a lift over the last couple of quarters as a result of the Macy's agreement that we put in place. But if you go back, we have many, many quarters where GNS business was growing at more than 20%. And 17% growth, which is what I think we had this quarter, is pretty darn good. So I think GNS continues to be a very good line of business for us, and we think it has good prospects as we go forward.
Daniel T. Henry: So we basically keep our credit standards pretty constant, both in the past and now. Certainly, when the recession hit, we tightened up some, but I think now, our view in terms of the type of credit worthiness that we want is not dissimilar to what we've looked for historically. Certainly we've built in to our models all those earnings that we've had over the past couple of years. But the good growth we've had is really based on the fact that our strategy is to grow charge card and that we've allocated investments to acquiring charge card customers, which is what's really driving really the growth in that business as opposed to having credit standards that are not as tight as we've historically had. So we'll do it by designing products that customers want to have and by adding both acquisition investments and loyalty investments that drives higher levels of spending.
Daniel T. Henry: So we certainly do focus on market share. I mean, one of our objectives is to continue to gain market share. And if you look back over the last 10 years, other than in periods when there's a slowdown, we've gained market share. I think if you went back to 2002 or something, our market share was, in the U.S. for credit, was 19.9%. And today, it stands at about 26.4%. So we've made steady progress there, and we want to continue to make steady progress. Now you refer to low levels of investment. So I would say we're in actually the opposite position. In terms of marketing, in 2010, we took marketing expense to very high levels, levels notably above where we've ever been before. We think about marketing, if you look historically, as being about 9% of revenues. And in this quarter, we're at 9% of revenue. So we think those are levels of investment that can drive the business. So it's nice to have even higher levels. But at this level, we think we can be successful at driving business in a way that helps us meet our financial targets. And the level of investments that we're making in some of our other businesses that run through the OpEx line, as we talked about before, we have increased those. And we think we have levels of spending and investment that, again, can continue to grow our business. So I don't think about investments being at a low level. They are at very healthy levels as we go forward.
Daniel T. Henry: Yes. So I think it will be really be driven a little bit by what I talked about before. We're going to look to continue to have products in the marketplace that meet our customers' needs. So I would say if we see loan balances decline, it would be because the customer's deciding to be more cautious. And if we see loan growth pickup some, it would be because the customer wants to utilize the revolving feature on the products in terms of how they live their lives. So I think it's going to be more driven by consumers' behavior than us changing our focus on whether we want to just put on more loan balances. We, as a company, have never had a target in terms of what loan should be or what loan growth should be. Where loans go is simply an outcome of how our customers decide to use the products that we put in their hands.
Daniel T. Henry: Okay, very good. All right. Thank you, everyone, for participating on the call. Have a good evening.
