Steve Squeri: Yeah. No, I think that, you know, those - the assumptions that Jeff just went through are exactly the assumptions we have in our - in our calculus here. But I think when you look at - when you look at this quarter and you look at the trends that we're seeing, I mean, we're seeing an increase in bookings, right? So we're seeing our travel - our travel bookings are up 50% over the - this quarter up 50% over Q4 '20. When you look at - and we look at this really carefully, when you look at February versus March, in March now, you know, we were 50% of 2019 bookings, and that was 19%. So we have 31% in February and then went to 50%. So we feel - we feel really good about that. When we also start to really dig into the data, we start to look at, you know, sort of cohorts of spending. And we're seeing, you know, people that are younger are getting back at a much higher level. Their overall T&E spending is probably about 85% to 90% and, you know, almost 100% back to where they were in 2019 in restaurants. And then when we look at older people, as they get vaccinated, we're seeing sequential growth month-on-month, as we look at their growth. And so, if you look at, just people over 45, you're seeing an 11% increase in their overall T&E spending month-to-month. We - that's only going to get better for us as we move along. And the last - the last thing that, you know, gives us a lot of great hope is, is redemptions, is MR redemptions. I mean, you know, when you go back and look at sort of MR redemptions that we had, our MR point redemptions in the fourth quarter for air [ph] was like 30%, and it's up to 54%. So we are, you know, we're doing some good things here. And our customers are doing some good things. And we'll continue to make sure that we're retaining these customers because they're going to spend. And as, you know, Jeff said, our co-brand cards are doing quite well as well. So, you know, all of that leads to, again, in an environment that continues to improve, us having a lot of confidence in hitting our 2020 plan in 2022.
Steve Squeri: All right. So, you know, when you think about corporate, the first thing people have to do is get back into the offices, right, because if people aren’t back into the offices, there's nowhere to travel to. And you're starting to see - look, I mean, you know, Jeff and I are in here today with 80 of our closest friends in a building that, you know, has about 5,000 people. And we've said we're not going to have people really come back until after Labor Day. You're seeing other companies sort of gradually get back into it. So I think the step one. First step is let's get people back into the office, and then companies are going to say, okay, how comfortable I am having visitors into the building. And, you know, my anticipation is most companies will start opening - start the process of reopening in the United States now, July through, you know, sort of September, and get to some capacity level. I mean - and you guys have your own situations yourselves, where you're - most of you are probably sitting at home today. So, I think what's going to happen is it's going to be slow, which is why we really haven't assumed a lot of corporate T&E coming back and a lot of travel coming back. Having said that, corporate T&E takes many forms. You know, we do have salespeople that are on - out and on the road and calling on accounts. And there's car rental and there's gas, and they're still staying at hotels and restaurants. And so, you know, I think for a segment of it. And I think when you look at a segment of our, let's call them, industrial corporate T&E - corporate customers, they have people that are going to plants and visiting, you know, making customer calls and so forth. I think that eventually, what will happen is, you know, investment banks and consultants are going to want to go out and meet with their clients again. There is been a lot of deals that have been done, a lot of relationships that have been built. But, you know, there's nothing like in person. I just think, you know, it will take a bit of time. And, you know, look, there's also - there's that substitution. It's a substitution of WebEx and Zoom and what have you, which is why, you know, we've been talking 2023 before it gets back to 2019 levels. And I think, with that assumption, we feel good about hitting that 2020 aspiration in 2022. So when you think about what goes into our assumption for 2022, you've got a slower return of international. You've got a much lower return of corporate, and yet we're saying we'll be at 2020 levels. And so, you know, is there upside from a consumer perspective on travel? I think that all depends on the rollout of the vaccine, governments opening up their borders and things like that. I think, you know, from a domestic travel perspective, pent-up - there's pent-up demand. In talking to Ed Bastian and talking to Chris Nassetta, they're seeing a lot of bookings out front. I just went through some of our travel data. So, you know, as we go through this, I think what's going to be the key thing to watch for is how much does international travel come back from a consumer. And, you know, we're assuming that sort of now in the second half of 2022, okay. Not in - not really - not really this year. And I think the other thing you're seeing, Mark, is you're seeing a divergence. I mean, you see what's going on in India right now. There's a lot of countries that are having different results and different situations as it relates to the vaccine. But one thing is inarguable, the more vaccine rollout, the more people feel confident. The more people feel confident, the more they'll get out and spend. And that's why I think when you look at, you know, sort of the - toward the end of this second quarter into third quarter in the summer, you're going to see people hitting the road, you're going to see people hitting the skies, especially in the US.
Steve Squeri: Okay. Well, let me give you a couple. It's a probably a half hour meeting there. But let me go through. So look, 2.1 million new cards normally, you know, 2019, you saw us average about 2.5 million new cards. When you look at the consumer cards, 60% of the cards we acquired were millennial or Gen Z. We saw - in the pandemic, you saw more cash back cards being acquired. We're - you know, there was a 35% jump in premium cards that we saw in this particular quarter. And acquisition of platinum and gold cards was well above pre-pandemic levels. So we feel good about that. And just to give you some sort of contrast on that. When you look at our fee-based products, it's still a little bit lower. I mean, we're acquiring about 60%. It was about 70% in 2019, but sequential increases have helped. We're seeing co-brand cards come back. I mean, you know, we talked about 90% more Delta cards acquired in this quarter than in the - than in the previous - than in the previous quarter. And we're seeing a higher level customer. I mentioned that in my remarks, the FICO is a lot higher, and we're seeing good spending. So, you know, we feel good about both our small business and consumer. I would - we don't really talk about geographic distribution and things like that. But, you know, our intent is not only to acquire cards, but we also, when we talk about it, we acquire billed business. And we're on track to do from a billed business acquired perspective where we in 2019. So we feel good about that.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. No, so when we report the volume, it's the volume. And there's no - there's no different. Obviously, if people are booking first-class international tickets to Hong Kong, they cost a lot more than first-class tickets to Indianapolis. But the reality is we're giving you volume numbers. So it just means you need a lot more of those tickets to Indianapolis than you do to Hong Kong. So no, there isn't a difference for us. We're not giving you sort of - you know, when we talk about volumes, we're not giving you a number of trips booked here. What we're doing is we're giving you actual volume. So we may have actually more trips. In fact, when we look at - you know, we look at this, you'll - you know, we look at receipt of charges and transactions basically. So we may have more transactions in air and you may have lower dollar, but that doesn't - that doesn't mean anything to our margins.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. No. So, you know, it's really too early to sort of - to tell on, you know, just how much we've got it, because we really just did it. But it's not really in the - you know, it's not in our calculus to help us make our 2022 number. It's totally - it's totally upside for us. But, again, just to put it in perspective, you're talking about 6 million plans from inception, you're talking about 5 billion of overall AR. And it's a convenience, you know, feature that - that we have. It's - yeah, I'd like to say it was our answer to Buy Now Pay Later, except we had it before a lot of the Buy Now Pay Later. We just had it on a particular card, and now we've put it on all the cards. So it really is all about meeting overall card members', you know, cash flow needs. And, you know, they'll do this versus potentially revolve on charge or, you know, just a normal lending transaction. It gives them more certainty. So it's in the overall numbers that we have and the overall spending that we have. But I wouldn't say in any way shape or form it's a big driver of 2022.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. So a couple of points. So look, you know, our strategy for the last three years has been to refresh our products on an ongoing basis, ongoing basis anywhere from sort of three to four years. And so we'll talk more as we - as we refresh those products and we'll give you a little bit more color on that. I take the opposite view on sort of the travel value propositions. I think they're actually going to be even stronger at this point. I think that people are going to want to have the safety and security of our lounges. We're opening up more lounges. We're not backing away from these lounges. In fact, we've opened up numerous lounges during the pandemic and they've - they've turned into a little bit more of an oasis for people where they know with our brand, our security, and our reputation, we're going to take - take as good care of those - of people in our lounges as possible. And I think, the other thing that, you know, was a lot of questions we got at this time last year was what's the future of your travel co-brand cards? And when we look at the month of March and we look at sort of Delta and we look at Hilton, as just two examples, they're at 2019 spending levels, you know, overall. And because people have been accumulating points and people want status. And as I've said numerous times on these calls, status is probably even going to be more important going forward. So what we will continue to do is we're not going to walk away from our travel value propositions. If anything, I've been more encouraged that we did the right things, and we'll continue to add though. I mean, I think if you look at our history over the last three years or so, three and a half years, we've kept our core value proposition and continue to add. And during the pandemic, I talked about the results we had with wireless and the results we had with streaming. We got customers who were not using our card for those things, by putting some value in, we're now four months after the value and they're still spending. And we're doing the same thing, right now, we've got a PayPal credit for our platinum cardholders, and we're picking up more card members that didn't use PayPal. And as I've talked about PayPal and I've talked about some of the other Fintech Square and in Stripe and so forth, they've actually not only helped us get more coverage, but have helped us in ways to deliver more value to our card members. So we feel good about our card - our value propositions. We feel good about the travel value propositions that are in our products, but we will continue to expand and evolve our value propositions as we have over time. We're not walking away from that strategy.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. So a couple of points. We spent, I think it was like $1 billion this quarter. Some of that was in value injection, not the wireless and streaming. Those have ended. This is different types of value injection. But the majority of that was, you know, customer acquisition and customer engagement. When we look at the rest of the year, I think we said we're going to spend $4.5 billion. But we'll spend up to the attractive opportunities that are there. If there are not attractive opportunities, we will not spend it. If there are attractive opportunities, we will spend more if they are there, because we're focused on building that momentum. Having said that, given that you have sort of probably a six-month value injection window and you've got customer acquisition and customer retention, more than likely, you will see that overall dollar bucket come down next year, as we go into 2022 when you're not doing that value injection.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So you can probably hear a shuffling of pages to get to seven, eight, nine. But yeah, so there is a huge difference. I mean, you know, so our corporate card is predominantly like 60% travel and entertainment, whereas our SME card is, you know, like 80% goods and services, they use the card to run their business. And you know, as we've talked about travel coming back, it comes back in layers. It comes back with consumer then it's SMB and then it's - then it's lodging corporate. So it is a very different business, which is why we went and acquired Kabbage to have a digital front for these SMEs where they can, you know, not only get their card spending done, but also get working capital loans, have a transaction banking account, have merchant financing loan, have short-term loans, and things like that. Because small businesses, small midsize businesses use this card to really help to run their businesses, which is a fundamental difference between how corporations use the card, which is to support T&E and obviously it is B2B opportunities with large corporates but that's why small business has come back. Why are small businesses have done I think even better than what you might have thought is - is the - the dispersion that we have across the small business arena. And I've said this many times, when people think about small businesses they tend to think about the small retail shop and they tend to think about the small restaurant. The reality is a lot of them didn't do so well during this time. We don't have a tremendous amount of our small business base. There is a very diverse base, and when you think about professional services, you think about, you know, cooling and plumbing and electric and all those things. You know, our base is very wide and that has helped us because some small business segments during this time have just been through the roof. Others have been hit really hard and others have, you know, businesses has - have maintained as they were before the pandemic.
Steve Squeri: Yeah. So I think, you know, we changed that to provide, I think, the appropriate level of transparency for you guys because, obviously, as we've said this all along, GNS volumes are not, you know, worth the same to us as GNS as proprietary volumes and China volumes are, you know, part of that - that mix. And so - that's why we change it to process funds. Because, yes, you're right, over time we do expect that volume to be very significant and we wanted to make sure we were providing the right level of insight so that you guys could make the right - the right assumptions. And there will be, you know, in China it'll be, you know, charge credit and it'll be debit cards. And so as we - as we build that capability, we will evaluate where else, you know, if we - if you build that capability for your network it gives you the capability to do it in other markets. And so we'll evaluate over time where that makes sense for us to roll that out. So nothing really to announce here, but I think it's important that you understand the capabilities that we're building as well and, you know, we're building these capabilities from a global perspective so that we have it. But to also point out, we do have GNS partners in local markets today that have debit products, have American Express debit products. They just tend to get used more locally within the country as opposed to around the world. And it's important, you know, at -at some point, we will have a lot of traveling Chinese card members and it's important that they're able to use all the products that we - that our partners issued to them all around the world, and debit being one of them.
Steve Squeri: Well, you know, I have a different version of the Card Act than you do. I think our competitors got into this more after the financial crisis when they really looked at this and said this was a very attractive business. The reality is the Card Act had a lot less impact on us because remember, 80% of our revenues are not from interest and, you know, the fact that interest rates, especially on prior balances, were now controlled. You know, it really had less impact on us than it did and our competitors. Our competitors wound up just growing their overall business and one of the first things they did is hire a lot of people from American Express to do that. But you know, look, I think that, you know, the lessons that we've learned over time, and look, I've always said this, we welcome competition. The lessons that we learned over time is you need to continue to focus in on what your customer needs are and how your customer is changing and evolving. And this is why, when I took over, one of the first things I said is we're going to go to a strategy of refreshing our products on a real ongoing basis. You can not have your green card sit out there for 30 years and think it's still as relevant 30 years ago as it is today. Millennials, was really not, you know, not as much a Card Act. Millennials was us opening our eyes to the fact that our value proposition had a much broader appeal. And I think that we really started to communicate that and, you know, look, and I've said this publicly before, I think your company there did a great job of really highlighting premium cards. I'm talking about JPMorgan, and Gordon and his team did a fantastic job of highlighting premium cards to millennials. And you know, and our value proposition played remarkably well there. And as I just said, 60% of our cards that we just acquired are millennials. I think we had to expand our aperture and we did that. We expanded that aperture and we realized that the value proposition that we had could have a wider audience and could have a wider target. And we've done that and we will continue to do that. You will continue to see that from a multicultural perspective. You will continue to see that from millennials. You'll continue to see that, you know, with women as well. So I think what we learned is that since then is that there is a broader market for our products than we initially thought, number one. Number two, you always have to keep innovating and you have to innovate on a regular cycle basis, you can't stand on your laurels. And I would say that we learn more from, you know, some of our trials and tribulations with Costco than we did from the Card Act.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah. So I think, Craig, the first comment I would make is, remember, we're not trying to provide guidance this year. We tried to give people a couple of low and high scenarios back in January to help people think about the year, and we updated them this quarter. What we are incredibly focused on is that 2022 aspiration, which we are really growing in confidence about. All that said, if I take you back to January, the then $5 low scenario assumed that the world would be so tough this year that you would not end up releasing any credit reserves. So we just released $1.05 billion of reserves. That's about $1. That takes you from $5 to $6. So your $6 assumes, once again, the world from here is suddenly going to get really tough, and you're not going to release any more reserves. At the high end, yes, we had assumed you release some modest level of reserves, which is why the high end only went up from $7 to $7.50. So that's how we thought about it. I just want to close though, by again emphasizing we're not focused on any particular EPS outcome this year. We're incredibly focused on what we're trying to achieve for 2022.
Jeff Campbell: You know, the other thing I'd add just to make it clear, Betsy, is that the sequential growth in the travel co-brands has been tremendous. They're still below where they were pre-pandemic because you still don't have anywhere near as many people staying at hotels or sitting on airplanes. And so that's what leaves us overall a little bit below the level of pre-pandemic new card acquisitions. But we're quite confident that we'll come back. And once you look beyond that sector, we think we're at great levels today.
Jeff Campbell: The only thing I'd add, Mihir, is when you look at our other revenue and other fee and commission lines, there is some in dollars in there that do come from cross-border travel. And as we think about the 2022 aspiration, we don't actually expect that to be fully back to 2019 levels in 2022. We don't need it to be to hit our 2022 aspirations. I'd actually put that in the category of things Steve talked about earlier that even beyond '22, there is still probably a couple of remaining tailwinds as the last of cross-border travel and corporate travel begin to come back to 2019 levels post 2022.
Jeff Campbell: The only thing I'd add, Ryan, is we've talked about the fact that as you go through this year, to Steve's point, you need to see the value injection spending come down. And we were pleased this quarter because actually it was down sequentially and we still continue to see tremendous customer attrition and retention rates further because the travel-oriented value parts of our value propositions are becoming more valuable to people again.
Jeff Campbell: So on credit, Sanjay, you're correct. For the purposes of our accounting credit reserve, we did significantly wait for a downside scenario. And I think that's in keeping with a little bit of a regulatory view where you have the Federal Reserve saying to all banks, you know, we're still a little – why don’t we see a little bit more time pass before we free everyone to go back to return into your appropriate capital levels. So we thought it was appropriate to be that conservative. But to be clear, the reserve that we have on the books implies that some - that steady recovery that we're in the midst of now just stops and things get worse. So if it doesn't then you would expect to see more reserves. The only other comment I'd make is it's April 23rd, you know, you're already at the point of the year where you really can't for the most part see write-offs go up significantly this year. Even if bad stuff happens, the actual write-offs would go into next year. On OpEx, yes, we did have a $377 million gain on the really great portfolio we have of Fintech investments. We have about 50 different companies, we have holdings, and we do partnerships for those companies and trading all about those partnerships. But the market's been pretty frothy lately so there was a big gain on a couple of those companies this quarter. There are also some offsets, you know, when the equity markets are frothy, our deferred comp balances are a bit of an offset or a hedge almost to the equity investments. I would really think of it, Sanjay, mostly as a one-time sort of thing this year. The reality is we're not focused on any particular EPS outcome. What we're focused on is to the extent we have good investment opportunities, you will see us use the financial strength we have right now to pursue those opportunities because we are laser-focused and increasingly confident of the aspiration we have for 2022.
