Jeff Campbell: Yes, so thank you Sanjay for the question and a couple of comments. First, I'd remind everyone that I've often said there's a little bit of volatility quarter-to-quarter in the provision, so I encourage people to think a little bit about the longer term trends. If you look at year-to-date the provisions are up 37% loans are up 14% and as I said I would expect the year-over-year increase provision to look more like that year-to-date number in Q4. Next thing I'd say is, remember there's a real tie here if you think about this shift that has occurred in our loan portfolio between the yields, the write off rates and so one of the inflection points in our growth rates was around 18 to 24 months ago and we were very focused on all the changes occurring as we went through the transitions around our cobrand portfolios. A lot of the newer accounts that we acquired in that time are just hitting sort of a key point in the seasoning timeline 18 to 24 months and frankly that's part of what's driving yield up as they come off introductory rates and start paying off, and frankly that's also what's giving us a little visibility into what the right future expected write offs are and that's a little bit of what drove the provision up this quarter. So I think it's very important to keep those two things in mind we're getting attractive economics overall. As I think about net write-offs going forward, I think Sanjay if you think back we in early ’16 seeing all the changes we were making began to say that we'd expect to see modest steady upward drift as we grow a little bit above the industry and as that drives the inevitable seasoning of the portfolio any bigger portion of the portfolio being lower tenure, that actually didn't happen much in 2016 has now begun to happen in 2017 and I really expect similar trends to continue as we get into 2018. So hopefully that helps on the provision.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, it’s an excellent question Craig and I think this really goes to the unusually broad range of both customer segments and geographies that our business encompasses. And so yes, as we have had stronger financial performance than we've expected this year we are putting a little bit to the bottom line and that's the increase in guidance and we're also putting a little bit into the M&P line and a little bit into some things that are in OpEx. And if you think about that, where the particularly high growth areas that we've seen lately, well in particular I called out in my remarks, the small and medium sized enterprise space both in the U.S. and internationally as well as the proprietary international consumer space. And so, those are - we see those as particularly good growth opportunities for us and as we have thought about where might there be a really good return over the medium to long term spending a little bit of incremental resource is those kind of areas and some of that goes into M&P and some of it also goes in OpEx. Right? When you start talking about the commercial space you're often talking about sales people who run through OpEx, you’re talking about how we use our call centers to help drive more volumes that time and that runs through OpEx, so it's a mixture. But we are as you would expect being very thoughtful about putting incremental dollars only in those places where we think there are particularly good returns for us right now and where we have a unique position or unique advantage.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, so boy there's a lot there in that question and I think. Let me start with revenues and then work my way to the bottom line. We're really pleased by the 8% revenue growth that we've seen the last two quarters and we have tremendous momentum across all of our businesses just like they did last quarter. I have pointed out that at some point the tremendous sequential growth you've seen in our net interest field will start to plateau and slow down a little bit and that will have an effect of slowing the revenue growth rate a little bit. Not calling out exactly when that turn happens it sort of didn't happen this quarter, but at some point it will slow us down a little bit. Similarly in 2017 thus far you've seen a particularly nice uplift in the U.S. from both the consumer and the business platinum value proposition changes we made late last year and early this year. At some point again, you will begin to lap those, although I would remind you on a consumer platinum product that is a long lapping process because the fee increase for existing customers only went into effect beginning with customers who had their renewal dates in September, so it will actually play out over the next, the way the accounting works, the next 24 months. So those two things over time will put a little bit of downward pressure on the current momentum you have at 8%. Now you also something’s next year that will go the other way, so we are really pleased with the announcement we made along with Hilton a few months ago that point we will have an expanded partnership with Hilton in 2018 and we will become the sole cobrand provider and that will certainly provide some incremental revenue opportunities for us in 2018. I would be remiss if I didn't point out that as you would expect for cobrand renewals in recent years that also comes with the margin compression we're very pleased with that opportunity. So exactly were all that comes out in 2018 in terms of revenue growth we'll give you an update on the January call, but we feel good about the momentum and those are probably the three things that at the margin to move it a little up and a little down as you get into next year. And I guess I should also point out I'm making all my comments ignoring any changes that new rev reg rules might cause which would just be geography anyway. Bottom line look I think we have a long track record that we are showing renewed vigor on this year in that our model let's us get tremendous expense leverage and the kind of spend centric model we have does not require a lot of capital support balance growth each year which lets us do lots of share repurchase and payment of dividend. So that's the model and we should consistently be able to turn good revenue growth into even better EPS growth exactly what that looks like for 2018 we'll let you know as we get into the January earnings call.
Jeff Campbell: So just the level set for everyone it’s for us if you think about the 100 basis points that the Fed has raised rates over the last almost two years, we’ve as they have gone up, as the Fed has gone up 100 basis points we’ve raised rates on our personal savings programs about 35 basis points, so that certainly has been a big positive for our results. Now I would not expect the beta if you were to remain at 0.35 forever going forward. On many occasions in these calls, I have talked about a 0.7 beta over the longer term that we use in a lot of our modelling. Obviously, you will have to see exactly where the industry grows, our goal would remain competitive. In terms of balances, for the last couple of years Betsy, we've said we're kind of comfortable where we were because we want to remain very active in both the asset backed securities market as well as the unsecured market and being active in all three markets is an important part of our funding strategy. I would say as we get into the latter part of 2018 and beyond, I would expect to see us growing personal savings again at levels that we haven't in a number of the years. And so that’s not something you'll see next quarter or early 2018 but I would say over the course of the next 12 to 18 months you will see some significant growth there exactly how much will be a little bit of a function of where the rate environment goes both in terms of the base level of what the Fed does as well as what the competitive market does for these kinds of online accounts.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the way we really think about it Betsy is I come back to given our mix of business, we probably think of it less as a loan to deposit ratio and we think of - we want a funding strategy that creates a balance of being diversified across different sources in different markets so that from a security and installment perspective no matter what happens in the capital markets, we have good access to capital and we want to do that while also being efficient about funding our diverse business model. And I think what people forget sometimes is because we have a big international business, because we have a corporate card business, our funding structure requires that we access different sources of funding in different places that our funding is not all fundable. So that’s really how we approach it and what I say is the personal savings rate or number which has been in the $30 billion number for a while range that is a number that I would expect to go up over the next 12 to 24 months.
Jeff Campbell: Well there's probably two questions there. First, gosh I'm going to go back to the thing Ken and Steve said. Steve's story has worked hand in hand with Ken now for 32 years and has been intimately involved in every change that we've made in particular over the last couple of years. So I don't think we missed a beat on any aspect of running the business. As I say that I also think it's important to remind you Steve’s words that we fully understand though that doesn't mean you don't constantly have to change, you can't stand still. So I feel really good about all that. In terms of Marriott and SPG, look we said for a long time that there are three possible outcomes here. Right? Marriott chooses to keep two cobrand partners they go with the other cobrand partner or they go with us. I will acknowledge we are the smaller of the two partners, on the other hand Marriott has made a lot of public statements here about the fact that they want to bring the two programs together next year, that our contract doesn't expire until 2020, the other cobrand bank, their contract expires next year. So we have been working really hard to demonstrate the tremendous value that the range of travel assets we have consumer travel agencies, business travel agency a huge membership reward program, a premium oriented customer base, we think goes a really tremendous assets when you're talking about a travel cobrand we think they've been a really important part of what has made SPG a really powerful program and I think Marriott is very focused on making sure they keep the loyalty and the engagement of all those SPG card members and we would love to be a part of it. So still we will have to see where it goes but I don't think we'll miss a beat there.
Jeff Campbell: Well you are completely accurately recalling my comments, the public comments from your conference a little bit ago. I think the important word here which they tried to replicate in my remarks earlier this afternoon are that at some point obviously you can't raise your net interest yield forever. At some point it has to plateau now we’re working hard to try to continue to do smart things that are consistent with building long term customer engagement and loyalty that will continue to drive net interest yield up, but at some point it will plateau, now we're wI’m not calling exactly when that happens and it certainly did not happened this quarter and we're really pleased with the momentum we have.
Jeff Campbell: Well, believe me it is a focus and yes, I don't know the exact math, you just yes directionally you're correct, the thing you need to remember we made a very conscious decision late last year, early this year to make some significant value proposition enhancements in the U.S. in both the business platinum card and the consumer platinum card and those are both very substantial and material franchises for us. So it worked tremendously well, we've really exceeded our own expectations even in terms of card member engagement and new card member acquisition as well as continued really de minimis attrition rates. Until you are done lapping that increase in rewards cost, you get the effect you just described on discount revenue overall. So look there it is a competitive environment in all the markets we serve, but particularly competitive in the U.S. consumer space, but once you're done lapping these, you should begin to see a little different trend when you do the calculation that you just described and certainly our goal across the globe is to get that discount revenue net of rewards number growing consistently.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, but when you're looking at year-over-year growth remember you have a big step-up in the rewards cost this year and a kind of what I'm going to call standard step up in discount revenue and what we would expect to see once you've done lapping that as you're still on the same somewhat similar trajectory in terms of your gross discount revenues but growing but your rewards costs don't have the huge spike in growth that they have this year. If you think about it that the in my remarks I think the numbers I called out were or its costs are up 19% well the 21% while the associated billings are up much less. So that relationship as we go into the next quarter or two will get much more aligned again and that will change the phenomenon you described.
Jeff Campbell: The reserving process can [indiscernible] went through in great detail and as it is both a heavily regulated process not just by the usual accounting standards you would expect but also heavily by our regulators and some what we do is very much driven by them. Look there's no question this was a big reserve build this quarter. What I keep coming back to is the when you put aside there's a little quarter-to-quarter volatility and you look at this over any given couple of quarters we're trending as we would have expected. We are pleased with the loan growth we are seeing overall. The shift in portfolio mix is an important part of what is driving tremendous growth and net interest yield and that comes with some growth in the write offs and we are getting as I explained earlier to this point where A significant number of the newer accounts we brought on 18 to 24 months ago are getting to be a key part of the time line as they season and so we're building some reserves for that and that's part of what's driving the yield up as well. So there is really not a lot more to the storey. I mean, yes we certainly look at what kind of coverage we have going forward, although we've made different judgments and charts versus lends in different parts of the world. But we feel good about the reserves. We think they're conservative and we feel good about the overall economics that we're getting from our lending.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, so I you know, yes you're right most of the - there was a small sequential decline, I think what you're calling out is the ratio of the rewards costs to the billings, there's a little quarter-to-quarter volatility it’s a very complex calculation that of course is not just US calculation but it involves lots of other international markets that you’re doing the calculation by market. So you get a little bit of volatility quarter-to-quarter. I would not want anyone to leave the call thinking that 84 basis points is exactly what you should expect forever going forward it'll bounce up and down a few basis points each quarter. In general though, that's the range I would expect to be in given all the value propositions that we have in the marketplace today and I wouldn't point to any particular business change or anything that drove that 2 basis points sequential decline Moshe.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess Rick, let me make a few comments and they may or may not be responsive to exactly where you're going. Certainly we believe both Ken and Steve in their remarks talked about the fact that we think we have a particularly strong brand in our customers given our long standing reputation for service attach to our brand and we take that loyalty really seriously and really value it and work very hard at it. And one of the things that we've talked about on many of these calls is that sometimes people will do a pure mathematical calculation of different products that are out there in the marketplace and say gee, American Express you can't possibly compete because let's use this simplest category because your cash back card doesn't seem to be as rich as somebody else's. And yet our response to that is often well our cash back cards are doing really good in terms of new customer acquisitions. They're growing nicely and they're producing really good economics for us. And one of the things I like to point out internally is we do believe there is value in the brand. We do believe there's value in the range of services we provide and so by gosh, we should be able to get those things valued by customers and we shouldn't have to necessarily mathematically match every other aspect of the value proposition that’s some of our competitors put in the marketplace. So I think frankly Rick we see that longstanding view we have, our longstanding experience, this proves that brand does matter and loyalty does matter we work really hard at doing things that build upon that. If you think about the platinum refreshes that we've done there, very much focused on some of the aspects, the experiential aspects of the product that we think are more difficult for others to replicate in build upon some of our reputation. So that’s what we're trying to do every day. We think is what we've historically done and we think it gives us some unique advantages that are not easy for others to replicate.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, well, you know, gosh in a company with over $100 million card members major trends evolve slowly. Yes we're very focused on attracting more wallet share. We're also in our consumer business very focused on attracting more borrowing share and so we have clearly been making huge strides for the last several years and driving more borrowing share in terms of our card members wallets and spending sure you kind of have to look at it by market by commercial versus consumer. I often say Rick, our goal is to ultimately maximize our financial returns and to maximize our revenue share and we pay attention to our wallet share. We pay attention to our share of billings. We pay attention to our share of lending and certainly in the U.S. consumer space we're growing share like crazy in our share of lending. But we're not always trying to maximize every one of those if we don't think it's economic. So we feel good about our revenue performance and we think it's building on a good economics for us so.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, so couple comments. Yes, we see tremendous growth opportunities that will last a very, very long time in the SME space because the point we try to make over and over and over to people as far as you know is that in that space we’re often competing against just trying to get small and mid-sized enterprises to put more of their payment needs onto the card and it's frankly less about the competition, less about some of the highly competitive rewards competition we face elsewhere and the growth rates you’ve seen in both the U.S. and international SME segments have been very high for some number of years. They're driven by our continual ability to work with small and mid-sized enterprises to drive more spend onto the card and we think despite that we've only captured a small fraction of their spend and we can keep at this for years. Similarly when you go outside the U.S., but because of evolving regulation in Europe, in Australia for some time let's see exactly how long it takes because there is a little bit of a wind down of the network business in those two parts of the world. It’s still growing really nicely everywhere else and it's still globally an important part of the American Express network. Right? So I don't want anyone to walk away from this call thinking it's a less important part of our company, it’s really important to the global network. You're just going to see modest overall growth rates because of the step down in Europe and Australia. That very step down though in the evolving regulatory climate is part of what's helping fuel some tremendous growth rates in places like the U.K. and Australia in our proprietary card business where of course we also get a much greater share of the overall economics. So that’s a pretty good trade for us.
Jeff Campbell: So look, we feel really good about the hard work that it's been over the last two years to take yet another billion dollars out of the run rate of the company and we're on track, we’ll get it. when you go beyond that David, what I always say is what you can always take cost out of the company, it’s not always prudent though and I think when you go beyond 2017, the way to think about it is in a world where we're seeing the kind of revenue growth now we can support that and we will support that with very little growth in operating expenses and so that’s a tremendous ongoing story of operating leverage. For now, I think saying that we're going to take out another billion dollars would probably not be prudent and we would lose more revenue than we would gain. But steady operating leverage, you should absolutely expect from us.
