Steve Squeri: Thanks, Kerri. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today on our first quarter earnings call. Back in January, we laid out our guidance for 2023 of 15% to 17% revenue growth and double-digit earnings per share growth. Our first quarter results are tracking to this full year guidance. Revenues were a record $14.3 billion in the quarter, up 22%, which is well above our full year expectations. Stronger spending growth outside the U.S. and in T&E offset some softness in U.S. small business spending. EPS came in a bit higher than our original plan expectation. Our plan calls for quarterly EPS to grow sequentially through the year as our revenue growth continues. Billed business was up 16% globally year-over-year on an FX-adjusted basis. T&E spending was up 39% year-over-year on an FX adjusted basis due to the grow over effect – due to grow over benefit from the impact of the Omicron variant in last year's results. We saw strong demand across all T&E categories and customer types. Spending at restaurants continues to be a bright spot with growth accelerating to 28% on an FX adjusted basis year-over-year. In fact, March was a record month for reservations booked through our Resy platform. The platform now has more than 40 million users globally, an increase of 5 million in the last six months. Consumer travel demand also remains high with Q1 bookings through our consumer travel business reaching their highest levels since pre-pandemic. As you'll recall, we reorganized our international business last year, bringing together our consumer, small business and large corporate management teams outside the U.S. to increase agility, scale and efficiency and accelerate our growth. Our international issuing businesses were the fastest growing before the pandemic, and we're seeing a return to those trends. International Card Services billings continued to accelerate in the quarter, up 29% on an FX adjusted basis. Results were driven by robust growth in T&E spending, which increased 58% year-over-year on an FX adjusted basis. We also saw continued momentum in card acquisitions with 3.4 million new cards acquired in the quarter. U.S. Consumer Platinum and Gold Business Platinum and Delta co-brand account acquisitions all reached record levels. Notably, over 70% of the new accounts acquired globally in the quarter are on fee-based products. As we noted for some time, Millennial and Gen Z consumers are driving our growth in billings and acquisitions of premium fee-based products. More than 60% of consumer new accounts acquired globally came from Millennial and Gen Z. These customers also continue to contribute the highest growth in billed business among all age cohorts in the U.S., up 28% in the quarter. On credit, our metrics remain best-in-class, supported by the premium nature of our customer base, our strong risk management capabilities and the thoughtful underwriting actions we've taken on an ongoing basis. Our customers have been resilient thus far in the face of slower growth and higher inflation economic environment. While the near-term economic outlook is mixed, our customers' spending and credit performance to date, along with the continued strong demand for our products from high-quality new customers, reinforces our confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term aspirations. Our capital, funding and liquidity positions are strong and we continue to have significant flexibility to maintain a strong balance sheet in periods of uncertain [indiscernible]. As you know, we run our company for the long-term. We have a strategy in place to deal with swings in the economy, which has enabled us to be successful in navigating through the pandemic, the initial recovery period and the current environment of elevated inflation and higher interest rates. Through it all, we've continued to attract and retain high-quality customers and our strategic investments have resulted in the momentum we've seen throughout last year and into 2023. We feel good about the decisions we're making around growth, risk management and the economic environment. Our key metrics are strong. The market opportunities we see in our core businesses are plentiful. And our strategy of investing in value proposition innovations, customer acquisitions and global merchant coverage continues to drive our growth. Based on our performance to date, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of delivering between 15% and 17% revenue growth and earnings per share of between $11 and $11.40. We remain committed to focusing on achieving our aspiration of delivering sustainable revenue growth greater than 10% and mid-teens EPS growth as we get to a more steady-state macro environment. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Steve Squeri: Well, on the consumer side, just look at sequentially, consumer in the fourth quarter grew 15%. We’re growing 16%. So there was really no slowdown there. When you look at U.S. SME, we grew 8%, and we’re growing 6% now. So, I think there was a little bit of a slowdown in U.S. SME. And remember, when you look at our consumer business, our consumer business, I don’t believe is really representative of the entire economy. Our consumer business is representative of a really high-end premium consumer base. Our small business, because of the volumes that we have, are probably a little bit more representative. And where you are – where you do see a slowdown in small business is Goods and Services. What I’ll remind people is small businesses are small businesses, because they’re small. And what happens is to a level of spending, and then unless you – unless that business is really going to grow, you can only spend for what you’re taking in. But I think what we’ve seen, and this is a continuing trend is, you’ve seen a slowdown in a lot of the advertising spending. But I will point out that, that’s not any different than what you’ve seen in – from a lot of corporations, I mean – and ours ourselves. I mean, if you look at it, our plan has been to spend the same amount of marketing that we spent last year this year, and that number is $5.5 billion. And when you look at that number, we try and get more and more efficient with that and we push our partners to become more and more efficient as well. And so you get to a point of scale where you just don’t spend anymore. And I think we’re seeing a little of that in small business as well. But look, 6% growth in the U.S. small business with the amount of volume that we have, right now we’re okay with that and it’s in line with us making our overall plan. What I would point out from a small business perspective is international is not like that. International is growing much, much faster than that, and international is back to our fastest growing segments. So, we’ll keep watching it, but really happy with the consumer. And right now, I think small business is kind of in line with where we have it going for the rest of our plan for the rest of the year.
Steve Squeri: Well, I think – so there’s a couple of things, right? Number one, there was – no place in the world is more impacted by the pandemic than International. And when you look at our card base internationally, it is a really high T&E-orientated card base. And correct me if I’m wrong, I think this is a 59% T&E increase in our international part. So that’s number one. I mean, I think you just have – you have just some built-up demand that had been pushed down, number one. Number two, we continue to improve our merchant coverage tremendously in international. So there are more and more places to use the card. And I think coverage cannot be understated or overlooked in how it drives growth, especially in international. And I think that’s really important. I think we continue to acquire new card members in international as well. And as far as the reorganization, what the reorganization does for us is it makes us a lot more efficient. And so let me give you an example. Sometimes it’s really hard to determine whether a potential customer is a small business or whether a potential customer is a consumer. And what you do is you put resources in, you go against – you attack them both ways. Well, now what we’re doing is, we’re looking at that in a more holistic way. And so instead of having what I like to refer to as the Noah’s Ark syndrome of two of everything, we now have someone in a market focused on card acquisition, both small business, consumer and international and large market and corporate as well. And so I think what we’ve done is, we’ve been able to become more efficient with our marketing. We’ve been able to share intellectual property across business lines. And we’ve been able to, in a given market, make better trade-off decisions from an investment perspective because we’re running it much more as a market as opposed to running it as global segments. And I think that’s really giving the team a lot more flexibility and giving them a lot more ability to achieve their goals. So – and look, the reality is international is the fastest-growing part of our business pre-pandemic. And this was – these moves were made to become more efficient to get it back to where it was and go beyond that. And so we feel good about the start that international is on at the moment.
Steve Squeri: Yes. So, I could just say what he said. But let me just take it up a level. And I think that one of the things that we do in looking for opportunities is we try and make sure we’re investing in those opportunities, which have the greatest return. And Jeff said this many, many times on these calls, we have more good opportunities to invest in than we have dollars to invest. And I think nothing is a better example of how good our opportunities – how much better our opportunities have been come than what I – and how I answered the first question for Sanjay in talking about how the cards that we’re acquiring now are 50% in this first quarter, anyway, 50% better than they were back in 2018. And the other thing that I would say, which I think is really important is when we looked at acquiring a customer and we report cards, but we look at acquiring revenue and when we look at a customer, revenue for us is a three-legged stool. We acquire card members and a majority 70% of the cards we're acquiring right now are paying fees. That's a huge differentiator for us. Then what we do, you pay that fee, you use the product and then as Jeff said, that discount revenue and at discount revenue is going to grow pretty much in line with where it was now. And then the third legged stool is interest income. And we've modified our products so that we have planted on it, we have pay over time, and so we're giving our customers lots and lots of choices in how they want to manage their financial lives with us and how they want to manage their credit card payments. And so we really focus a lot on revenue for our customers. And that's what gives us a lot of – that's what gives us a lot of confidence because when we acquire a customer it's not, okay, we're going to acquire [indiscernible] going to drive lending revenue. We're going to acquire this customer, and it's going to be fee. We literally look at that entire basket and as we look at the ROIs, all of that is taken into account.
Steve Squeri: Well, let me, can I work backwards? I think the simple way because this is such a complex subject as you know, Craig that I always encourage people to think about this, is take the reserves on the balance sheet divided by the total loans and receivables. That ratio is 2.5% at the end of this quarter compare that number to what was day-one CECL, it was 2.9%. You can compare that same number to every other financial institution that reports, and I think that's a simple way to both track us versus history and us versus other companies. And as you know, our 2.5% is by a long shot best-in-class relative to what others have. When you think about sequential CECL accounting, what I would say is the fourth quarter of last year was probably one of the last quarter's that's still what I will refer to as pandemic CECL noise. In other words, all of the financial institutions built all these big reserves, released them at different times for us, and I think this is different from any other institutions; we're kind of past that. And so what you see starting in the first quarter, not in the fourth quarter of last year, is really not influenced by all the noise that the pandemic drove as we all built and then released reserves. It's why in some ways I think going forward from here you're back to, I don't know if there's such a thing as a BAU view of CECL accounting because none of us have done CECL accounting in a normal world. But for us we're sort of back at a fairly steady state run rate. So if you think about it, we expect loan balances to continue to build. We expect credit metrics to continue to moderate up a little bit and that will cause us to continue to build a little bit of reserve each quarter, and all of that is built into the guidance that we're referring today.
Steve Squeri: Well, I think, let's look at – look at – let's look at how much it represents, right? Large and global accounts represent about 6% of our overall spending and not so sure when you look at that segment that sort of credit spend – credit tightening is really going to drive their spending. That is predominantly a T&E – a T&E game. And most companies are trying to get their people out and trying to get them to go out and travel and that spending has been up 34%. We're still not back to where we were. What normally affects that for us is more layoffs and things like that, but even in the face of layoffs especially the tech segment or late starts that are going to occur in consulting and things like that, I think if we're in a unique situation right now where I just don't think credit tightening in that segment is really going to be – is really going to be an issue. I think there it's going to be more of a – of an earning story. And do they do layoffs? But again we're in such a crazy spot where most people aren't traveling anyway and people are encouraging to travel; I don't see that. I think when you look at small businesses – small businesses go in and out quite a bit and you could see with some credit tightening some small businesses having harder access to some – to some working capital. What I would say is one of the things that that we do have from a small business perspective is we are really with our launch of Blueprint and Kabbage and so forth. We have working capital loans, we have short-term loans, and so forth and we're not in the same position as a lot of these other smaller banks are. And so for those credit worthy small businesses we will continue to extend credit and it could be an opportunity for us actually, provided to credit is, the credit is good. So I think in general it can affect the small business economy and our ability maybe to grow, to get working capital. But I think it also provides us with an opportunity because we may not be the lender of first resort to these small business right now, and I think it could be an opportunity for us again judiciously, but an opportunity.
Steve Squeri: Well, look, they’ve been involved for a decade. And we – obviously, we partner with Amazon. We work very, very closely with Apple on Apple Pay and obviously, they’re a large merchant and a large partner. And it’s not just Apple and Amazon we look at. We look at all the fintechs and the startups and what have you. And I think – and that’s why we always say, when you look at competition, it’s just not the traditional banks. It’s the fintech. It’s the big tech players and so forth. And the reality is that the way that you have to compete not only against them, but compete against everybody else is, you have to give your customers what they want and you have to continually to develop better value propositions. And so yes, these are great companies. There are great banks out there. There are great – Amazon and Apple are phenomenal companies that know the consumer. We believe, we know the consumer as well, and they help us raise our game overall. But we’re not naïve enough to think that we can just go on sort of strolling down the street here thinking, who is ever going to compete and no one’s going to come after us. The way – we’re paranoid. We think everybody is coming after us. And it’s one of the reasons that we constantly focus on upgrading our products and services. And it’s one of the things that we talk about. We’re constantly adding value to our products. Yes, it would be probably easier to not do that, but we challenge the team constantly to develop better value propositions. And so we worry about everybody. And the only thing that we can do about it is continue to do what we’ve done for years, offer the best service, offer the best products and make sure that our customers are happy.
Steve Squeri: Well, I think you still have quite a bit to go on T&E and especially as corporations start to bring back their T&E spending as well. And T&E spending is up in every single segment that we have. I mean, we talked about total T&E up 39%, consumer is up 30%, commercial is up 41%. It just keeps – it keeps growing. And we talked about international, up 59%. So, we still think we have more room to grow. And I talked about bookings with airlines, and airlines will also expand their capacity. And as they expand their capacity, we’ll continue to grow with them. So, I think there’s still more upside in airlines. And when there’s more upside in airlines, it becomes more upside in lodging. And people have gotten used to eating out. And the restaurant spending is – if you ask me about anything that surprises me, it would be restaurant spending continuing to be as strong as it is. But I think for us, a lot of that has to do with Resy. And the fact that we are able to probably even get a larger share of our card members’ restaurant spending as they book their reservations through Resy – and the other thing I’d point about Resy, Resy has been a really nice addition to our acquisition of new cardholders who have a propensity to want to – eat at restaurants and T&E. So, I think you’re still going to see very strong T&E throughout this year. It will certainly outpace our Goods and Services. And we’re getting back – we’re continuing to climb back. If you remember, pre-pandemic, we were around 70-30 in terms of our spending: 70% Goods and Services and 30% T&E. And there really is no reason that should not go back to the way it was. So, we think we have upside in T&E.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the only thing I would add is, we’re just trying to be transparent, Sanjay. I think a lot of people describe the current economic environment as mixed. And so March was our strongest month ever across the globe in terms of volumes as a company. In the U.S., spending customer types on Travel and Entertainment is really strong. But you did see in Goods and Services as you went from January to February to March, spending slow a little bit the growth rate sequentially. On the other hand, you’ve also got to sort through how does Omicron last January, February fit into that. So, we’re just trying to be transparent about sorting through all the mixed signals. But I think we come back to our customers overall have shown great resilience in the face of all the mixed signals in the economy, and that’s what we’re running the company on.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. The only comment I’d add, Mark, is it is remarkable the breadth of the strength right now when you look across geographies. It’s Europe, it’s the UK, it’s where we are in Latin America, it’s Asia. It’s really broad-based. So, we feel really good about the progress.
Jeff Campbell: Well, many senses [ph] Betsy, I would almost just point you to the first quarter results, because I think one of the drivers of our confidence is the breadth of strength we see across all the lines of the P&L. So discount revenues, when you look forward and look at growth, are going to look about like they did this quarter. I think you’ll see a tail-down slightly, because you have a little bit of Omicron tailwind maybe in January and February. But volumes look good, and that’s going to continue to be a nice double-digit driver of growth. We have grown net card fees in double digits consistently for year’s right through every single quarter of the pandemic, and they’ve been above 20% for the last couple of quarters. That’s going to continue, because what we constantly have to remind people of is it’s not particularly increases in fees for any given card to drive that, although it helps. It’s mostly the steady acquisition that Steve talked about; more people are on higher fee-paying cards. Net interest income, as I said, I think our overall loan balance growth will probably continue to be higher than it was pre-pandemic, but moderate a bit as our customer’s kind of get through the process of rebuilding balances. I think – I don’t want to pretend to suggest I can predict exactly what interest rates through the rest of the year. That will have some impact on the growth rate. Although I’d remind you, unlike most banks, we’re – the impact of rates moving one way or another on us is very, very modest. We’re reasonably hedged. There’s a 10-K disclosure about that for anyone who’s interested, but we’re not that heavily impacted. And then you have the service fee and other revenue line, which is benefiting from travel-related strength. And I think that will continue. So, I think as you think about the drivers of revenue growth across the rest of the year, it doesn’t look that different than what you saw in the first quarter. It’s very broad-based, and that’s what gives us confidence.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think, can I maybe step back, Rick? So when you, because in many ways I think sometimes there's a misnomer about when we have a line called marketing what's actually in the marketing line, right? So there are variety of incentives that we offer to customers and sometimes to partners acquire customers that are involved in bringing new card members into the franchise. And when you look at the $5.5 billion that we spend in marketing, there's a very small portion of that that is – ads that probably people talk about more. But the overwhelming majority of what's in that $5.5 million are the costs of the many kinds of incentives that we offer to customers. And so fee waivers can be incentive or interest rates on balances that are at promotional levels, but in general the cost of those welcome incentives are going to be amortized over varying periods, right? We offer lots of different kinds of marketing incentives, so I can't generalize to the exact period, but generally they're going to be amortized over a period. So one of the things we always wrestle with is when you look at it in total, as you're bringing more customers into the franchise, you generally are recognizing the cost of bringing them in more quickly than they're spending and their revenues ramp-up. And so like many companies, you sometimes have the good problem that the more you bring new customers in, which is a good thing for the long-term. In the short run that can create a little bit of a economic headwind. So that's the way I would think about this.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. I think, look, every year's a little different and you have a higher growth rate year-over-year, Moshe, this quarter because you think about 2022, we really were in a ramp-up, as were many companies, as we came out of the pandemic, as we all dealt with what was some pretty high attrition in late 2021 and 2022. And we were sort of fully ramped to where we needed to be. I mean, the way we think about OpEx in – and this is actually the way we talk about it internally as well, is we have a lot of confidence in the very high revenue growth rates that we have set out in our guidance, 15% to 17% this year. We built the infrastructure of this company through the end of last year to manage that level of volume and revenue. So, we are where we need to be to manage that, which is why we’d expect sequentially this year to find that OpEx pretty flat. So, we provided guidance for OpEx of about $14 billion. If you take out the $95 million mark-to-market loss we had on our ventures portfolio, which was mainly driven by one company, we’re pretty much tracking right to that. And I think our record, I would suggest, over more than a decade is when we tell you we’re going to hit a certain OpEx number or control OpEx, I think we have a pretty good track record of doing that. So that’s how I would think about it.
Jeff Campbell: So two very different questions. So capital and liquidity Don, I mean we are in a very strong position. Our capital target of 10% to 11% on a CET1 basis is actually well above the regulatory requirement. Our target is really driven by the rating agency view. So, I know exactly what’s going to happen from a regulatory perspective, but even some change in the regulatory environment that significantly increase the capital we need to hold is unlikely to have any impact on what we actually hold today. And so look, our company has a ROE of 30% or better. We generate a tremendous amount of capital. We don’t need that much capital to support our organic growth. So you’ll see us continue to aggressively buy back shares, which is why – the Board, in fact, approved a huge new multi-year target for share repurchase earlier in the quarter. Our liquidity position is also very strong, as I talked about in our remarks. When you think about headwinds in 2023, I’d remind you on the January call, I pointed out that a 500 basis point increase in interest rates in a year is a headwind for us year-over-year in 2023, which won’t really exist in 2024. And they’re unlikely to do another 500 basis points. For that matter, I just talked in response to Craig’s question about the fact that our provision this year is kind of back to a steady-state level, whereas last year, you had it still greatly impacted by see its reserve releases. So those are two headwinds in 2020 we will not have in 2024. You have put your finger on the third headwind, which is we have a fabulous partnership with Delta works great for them, works great for us. We work together all the time. Seem to see Steve together like every week practically. But it is true that when we renewed early the partnership back in 2019 and extended it through 2030, we agreed to a change in the rates of how some of the economic sharing work effective the year in the original contract is going to expire, which is 2023. So there is a step-up this year that flows through various lines in the P&L but generally falls into the variable customer engagement line. So that’s part of what drove us up a little bit on the 42% to 43% target that we have this year. I would point out, that’s another sort of headwind to our earnings growth this year that we will not face in 2024. So thank you for the question.
