A - Stephen Squeri: Okay, so let me – it’s a very slick way of asking two questions, but let me answer the second one first. I think what's important to understand with our card base is that 73% of our spending is on non-T&E, and while you look at the benefits that we do have on our card base, what our card members really appreciate is experiences of all type, great service, and our brand, and what you'll see coming out in early May is actual product refreshes to a number of our products, which will infuse additional value in addition to the value that a card may have.  So, if you look at our platinum card where you have fine hotels and resorts and you have Uber credits and you have other travel benefits and lounges and so forth, you will see other enhancements there from wireless to streaming to maybe some other types of travel credits which can be used in the future over a time period. But I think you know what you'll also see in the short term is card members using that and using the points.  In the longer term, I think here's where our product refresh strategy really does help us, because we will continue to modify products as the environment continues to change and morph, and so we think some of those benefits will come back over – some of the benefits that card members use will come back over time. So, I don't think that we will see people switch products. And just a comment on the co-brand product, [inaudible] of our co-brand spend is off the co-brand partner. So if you think about Delta, you think about Marriott, you think about Hilton, it's all – it's less than 10% of that spending is actually at those properties for those particular things.  And so, what I would say is we will continue to evaluate, we will continue to monitor, but you will see value injection going back into these products, and historically – and these are not historical times, but historically there's a tremendous resiliency in our fee-based portfolios, and so you'll see a lot of fee base – you'll see a lot of value injection into those fee-based cards as I had mentioned before.  The one thing I will say, and then I’ll let Jeff talk sort of technically to the cost. What I think is critically important for us is that we support our customers. I mean, you know I started out during this crisis. We moved rapidly to get our colleagues out of our facilities. Within a two week time period, we were basically 100% virtual around the world. The only people you'll find in our buildings today are security people and maintenance people, and not a lot of them, and so we’ve rapidly moved that. Once we did that, our next focus really turned to our customers, and what was really important through this crisis and through any crisis, and I've talked about this over – you know over the last you know sort of 10 quarters or so, is that it was important for us to protect our brand, it was important for us to be there for our customers, and it was important for us to stick with those initiatives that inevitably would be important when this crisis ended.  Merchant coverage will be important. Our efforts in China will be important. Our platform initiatives will be important, and so while we are very focused on staying financially strong, we're also focused on ensuring that when this crisis is over, we have been there for our customers and are ready to continue to hit the ground running.  And so, we talked a lot about what we stopped, what we accelerated and what we've slowed down, and I’ll tell you the $3 billion of cost that we cut out of our plan, and I've been doing cost cutting for decades at this company was probably one of the largest cost cuts that we've ever done, and this is not a run rate number. This was $3 billion out of the plan in the next eight months, and some of that money will be put back in for value injection.  So the reality is, is there more to go? It is always more to go; there will always be more to go. We decided to do no layoffs, and the reason we decided to do no layoffs is there's numerous reasons for that. Number one is the humanitarian aspect of this; number two, the disruption to try and lay off people in a virtual environment is nearly impossible; and number three, we don't know what the world's going to look like. And so, while we're not going to take layoffs off the table for the future, we certainly are taking layoffs off the table for the rest of the year.  I’ll let Jeff comment on sort of the technical aspect of where we have it, where we have that opportunity, but you saw a large reduction year-over-year in operating costs and most of your models assumed growth in operating costs, so that came right out as well, but Jeff, let me turn it to you.
A - Stephen Squeri: Well Don, certainly that’s the intent. I mean that's the intent as Jeff just said about not shutting down these channels. If you shut down completely your acquisition channels, whether that be digital, whether that be direct mail; if you start cutting your sales organization and so forth, obviously it's going to be hard to do that.  You know it's hard to say where our competitors are overall in their overall business. Our business is as you know very monolithic. We are – the only piece of our business that we have to focus on is the credit card business, whether that is a corporate you know small business and premium consumer. How this whole pandemic plays out across all the other aspects of the financial services industry is yet to be seen, you know what's going to be the impact on commercial length, commercial real estate, commercial lending, car loans, you know mortgages, so forth and so on.  Traditionally what's happened is we have bounced back a lot quicker. Our card base tends to be a lot more resilient and there is pent up demand for our products and services. This is not a traditional environment that we're in, but our intent is to come out of this very, very strong, with our sales channels intact, with our acquisition engines pumping, and actually to take share as we did in ‘09 and as we did after the internet bubble.  That's the intent which is why we're sticking with a number of the growth initiatives and more importantly while it's easy to cut back on merchant acquisitions, when all of this is said and done, people are going to have a huge pent up desire to spend and we want to make sure we're able to continue to provide the access to all the alternatives that are available to spend at a merchant – from a merchant perspective. 
A - Stephen Squeri: Well, its a good question Mark. I think, when you think about our loan book, there’s of course a fair amount of just transactors in there. So I think you will probably – if the world stays as it is today, I see a more significant decline in the loan book in the second quarter. Depending on how the world evolves, thinking past that might expect a little bit more stabilization.  From a capital perspective, the thing we are really focused on is making sure we stay really strong financially, so we can be opportunistic about some of the things Steve was just talking about, trying to gain some share in the inevitable rebound or other opportunities that might come up in the current environment.  The last point I make is that does mean when growth resumes, the balance sheet then goes to the opposite direction and it grows. So we need to make sure that we have enough capital to support very rapid growth when the inevitable rebound happens. And so you know what does that mean for share repurchase? Boy, I think like so many things Mark, we have to take that quarter-by-quarter and see where we are. 
A - Stephen Squeri: Yeah, so it's a great question and you know we obviously listened to Ed Bastian's earnings call yesterday and you know what Ed said, it’s probably going to take three years for travel to come back to where it is, and let's just put this in context I think, because I think that's really important.  When you think about our commercial payments business, the majority of our commercial payments business is small business, both in the U.S., international and middle-market and a majority of that is 80% non-T&E with a focus on exactly what you talked about. When you look at our corporate card business, our corporate card businesses between 8% and 9% of our overall billings, 60% of that is T&E. So you’re looking at about 5% of our overall business, which you know drives a lower proportionate share of not only revenue, but net income as well.  I think that will slow down, but remember in T&E you've got multiple components. You've got restaurants, you've got hotel, you've got car rental and you do have air. And so I think we've all learned in this environment how to work virtually. You know it is amazing, we don't use Zoom, but we do use WebEx, but it is amazing to see everybody on the WebEx screen and quite honestly, I think there’ll be more of that. There will be less of those trips that are needed and so I think you will see in an inevitable decline in probably air travel. You'll still see people making trips in car, you'll still see people going to restaurants, albeit restaurants will probably be reconfigured in the short term, but in the long term I think it comes back pretty much to normal.  And so when you look at T&E I think the travel piece of it in any of the appropriate stay and the meal that goes along will probably go down and it will be a little bit of a reset moment, but our focus really has been on large corporate and I've said this before, not a lot of people were so driving T&E high. I mean they were so looking to maintain T&E, to reduce T&E, and our focus with large corporate has been on B2B payments.  What we have seen, in this short period of time is more automation of B2B payments, it is a small part of our business, but with you know in a virtual environment it is gone up you know significantly. I mean not significantly enough to drive our overall volumes at this particular point in time, but it’s amazing how much it's going up from an automation perspective with our Acompay, you know acquisition with our integrations into Bill.com and MineralTree and Sage and others like SAP. So I think you'll see more of a focus on that, I think you'll see more spending there, and I think you will see an inevitable decline in some of the Business Travel Entertainment.  I think the consumer travel will come back over time and I think the other thing is, I am really happy with sort of the co-brand partners that we have and you know Ed talked about this on his call yesterday and that from an airline perspective safety will be defined in multiple ways now.  You know safety was defined from a maintenance perspective, but it's also now going to be defined on how you treat your customers within the plane. It’s going to be how you treat your customers within the hotel property, and I think – you know what I think about Ed and Arne and Chris Nassetta, we’re of equal minds there from a way to treat our customers. And so I think you'll see a premium in this return actually to air travel and I think that plays well for our customer base as well.  And I think in this time, I think our acquisition of Resy is going to play really well in the short term as restaurants will probably reduce capacity, and will be harder to get reservations and we’ll be able to utilize as we talk about access and experiences or assets to be able to help our card members get into and experience some of the great restaurants that are around this country. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, the only thing I’ll add Steve is to your point you can always react further Sanjay to the environment, and we asked ourselves two questions on cost. We took out everything we didn't need to support customers as Steve said, and we let things in or we cut everything that couldn't be put back quickly or that we made sure we weren't cutting things that couldn't be put back quickly in the inevitable rebound. The other point I would make is we're not hiring people today, so the reality is when you have 64,000 people and you stop external hiring, with each passing quarter our costs will be going down and also with each passing quarter since you raised the question as what if the world really radically changes and stays down for a long time? With each passing quarter our view of what we might need to put back is going to change. So we will continue to react. So we should go to the next question operator. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Yeah, I think you know the only thing from a small business perspective, these are people that are not used to being in this situation at all. I mean you think about every other credit crisis we've ever had, no one ever shut down – we never shut down the economy, right. I mean things got hard, things got tough, but we never shut down the economy and you know when you look at our small businesses and you look at sort of the credit profile of our small businesses, these are people that you know would have high FICO and you know their prime and super prime is well, much like consumers. And you know if you look at our programs that we have, the programs are one to three months of relief, then we have short term programs and then we have you know our longer hardship program. So I think we’ll be in good shape there, because it's really getting people through you know this tumultuous period.  As far as the charge product, the charge product has a pay overtime featured; it’s called lending on charge, and so people could use that, but they could also use one of our hardship programs, and I think one of the things that we’re really focused on is retaining membership at the end of this.  So what is the carrot at the end? These are good customers who are in a bad time through no fault of their own and we’d like to retain them as customers. And so as you look at our programs and how we're structuring them, we're also structuring them with a way to return to the franchise over time, so you know that can answer to your other question. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, maybe I'll start Betsy with a few comments and then Steve can chime in. So I am going to start by reciting for a third time the statistic I pointed out earlier, that when you look across both consumer and small business, because many of our small business card members or they run their small business on the card they still have credit score and personal cycle scores we can track. So 88% of those people are prime and super prime and I just think that's an important first thing to think about.  Second, we have I think a lot more diversity in our small business card members than perhaps many people realize. And so Steve you were just talking earlier about the importance of restaurants to our value propositions and our partnership with Resy.  If you look at our open card members, that’s actually restaurants are fairly an immaterial part of the card member base and in fact the Card Member base is in some places you might not think about intuitively Betsy like construction, building materials, professional services, lawyers, doctors. And if you think about many of those kinds of small businesses, those are the businesses that are going to come back and thrive, but clearly when the government tells them you got to shut the doors they would be I think financially irresponsible if they didn't say ‘Boy! For a little while I could pay American Express, but I just need to kind of hold onto my cash while I understand the environment’ and that's a lot of the antidotal dialog we are having with our customers.  So we'll have to see. As we said all along, the question is how long this unemployment state, the astronomical levels it appears to be at now, and how long does small businesses stay shut down. But Steve you can add a little more. 
Jeffrey Campbell: So let me maybe make a few comments about the credit reserve Steven and then you might talk about risk management in the current environment.  So you know Eric, gosh, if you think about past experiences, the great financial crisis, I think it took six quarters for the economy to get up to close to 10% unemployment rates and the current environment in six weeks we appeared to have gone way beyond that. So that makes it very hard to predict exactly how things are going to play out. Clearly if unemployment stays at the level it is at now, then you should expect lifetime losses across the entirety of the financial services sector that are greater than what you saw in the great financial crisis.  On the other hand the government is throwing unprecedented amounts of money at things here; we’ll have to see where that goes. I'm also not sure a peak write-off rates really made are a useful way to think about this, right. Under CECL we're trying to every quarter close the books and put on the books our reserve for the lifetime losses we expect for what loans and receivables are on the books, and that's what we did is we closed the books in April, and now we'll have to see where we are at the end of June, but I am going to close before I turn it over to Steve by saying you know unemployment today is worse than it was in the great financial crisis and worse than it was in any CCAR and DFAS test, and you've tacked on to that shutting down small business in the U.S. So we'll have to see how long that goes. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, I think we've said for a while, but certainly general levels of unemployment, while it’s just one of many, many, many factors that influences our ultimate credit losses, it’s probably the single most important factor. I think your question also goes to though, when we look at our consumer customer base, we would believe that the unemployment levels amongst our customers are well below the general levels of unemployment when you think about who's gotten laid off.  When you look at small business, you know small businesses, we talked earlier about the range of actual card members we have for our small businesses and there are lots of different industries, but you have probably a more representative sample amongst our Card Member base because we cut across all industries and if the small business gets shut down, that's a tough thing in the short run for them.  So we’ll have to see how this plays out, but I think, I'm going to go back to where Steve kind of finished his last answer. We've built tremendously stronger risk management capabilities over the last decade. We have taken many steps in the last couple of years to tighten up our risk management practices and we go into this, I would remind you with best in class credit metrics. We think we have best in class capabilities and we think we have a customer base, both consumer and small business that absolutely is more premium oriented that should help us depending on whatever the outcome is here economically. 
Jeffrey Campbell: So let me quickly hit the regional one Steven and you can talk about travel. The regional answer Craig is pretty short, which is I think as you would expect, where our heavy concentrations of our premium oriented Card Member base is well places like California, the Northeast Texas. All places have been fairly significantly hit within the U.S. When you go outside the U.S., particularly in the big urban areas, the London's, the Paris, the Tokyo's.  So I’d say we are right in the mainstream of the COVID-19 challenge when it comes to region. We don't particularly see any differences though when we look across all those regions and countries in terms of credit performance or volume performance. Its remarkably similar globally I would say. 
Stephen Squeri: So you're correct Rick. That the charge reserves under CECL were actually to remind everyone a reduction from the reserves we used to have under FAS 5, whereas obviously the lending reserves went in the other direction.  You’re also correct that when you look at charge and when you look at our loan book today, I think it's fair to say that the sector that has shown the most immediate stress is small business, right. You’ve shut down small businesses and a savvy business owner is going to say ‘well, I need to go into cash conservation mode and in many ways what our pandemic relief programs are about, is trying to help people through that transition.  And so the question really is how long do shutdowns last? Can we help bridge our small business customers long enough to help them resume business and we're exploring every possible avenue about how you help them with payment terms and fee deferrals, etcetera, to help them come back strong and help the economy grow. 
Stephen Squeri: Well, I think Bill I’d start by pointing back something I said in my remarks, which is – I think it’s worth noting that over 88% of the balance is U.S. consumer and small business rolled into a programmer from prime and super prime card members and this goes back I think Steve to your point, but these are not people who are used to being in stress. It’s just such an unprecedented environment, and so look, we'll have to see how this plays out. But these are you know good card members on the consumer side and thriving businesses, until they suddenly were forced by the government to shut down on the small business side, and that's why we're really focused on working hard with them to help bridge the current environment and also hopefully let some of the government programs kick in and help. 
Stephen Squeri: Yeah, I think what you'll see in the coming week is you’ll see other benefits that'll be added to those cards to sort of balance out the value. I mean look, we're very focused on it obviously to go in a blog. A blog is very focused on what is the value that you get for what you're paying. And so you'll see enhancements to those cards that are not specifically you know either air or hotel related, and in particular to those cards where fees were raised, and so you'll see extensions on benefits, but you'll also see other things that are non-hotel, non-air related which will provide more utility to the card in general.  I mean people have those cards to accumulate points for hotel stays, for airline and for so forth. But I think you know as I said and you just pointed out again, 90% of that spend is in other areas, and so what we'll do is we'll enhance those products so that the value propositions are more in an equilibrium to what the environment is today, and that's what we'll continue to do, which is why I think having built the DNA in the company now to constantly refresh products is very important.  And not just constantly refresh them on a sort of a three to four year cycle, but the ability within a couple of months now to add all the benefits and to add all the credits and other access and things like that will serve us well as we go through this. Because we're going to watch it very carefully, we're going to work with our partners very, very carefully to put those benefits that will continue to maintain the value and continue to maintain the price value that we strive to have with these cards. So I think it’s a great question, and that's what the teams are working on with our partners. 
Stephen Squeri: Yeah, I know. I think it's a great question and you know it's one that we look at all the time, but Jeff said a small percentage. It’s less than 5% of our small business customers that are actually restaurants and when you look at sort of almost 25% of our small business customers, it's things like contractors, plumbing, electrical work, air conditioning all those things are actually still continuing today, maybe a more reduced level because people don't want other people in the house.  But those people are not going to go anywhere and they usually have a lot of low overhead, but they may need that three months to get through it, and when you look at you know business services, it's legal, it's automotive repair, its beauty salons, barber shops, things like that and you know a lot of those will still be there and come back as they – a lot of them are single proprietor institutions. The other thing that I'll point out about are small businesses. While we do have a very high share of the market from a spend perspective, when you look at the overall sort of loan books, whether that be working capital, whether that be mortgage loans, auto loans or small businesses have just their own loan servicing, we're probably less than 2% of the U.S. market when it comes from an exposure perspective.  So when I look at it from a credit perspective, I think you just can't look at the card. You need to look at the entire small business sort of ecosystem of what is out there and we are less than 2% of that. And I would also leave you with the fact, we are very, very diverse in terms of what our small business set is.  So we think it will bounce back, and you know we feel good about, we feel good about our small business portfolio, but it will go through like everything else. It'll go through a tough period of time until the world starts to open again, which is why we think our relief programs are ideally suited for small businesses. 
Stephen Squeri: Yes, so let me let me answer the last part of the question. You know is there regret to be in lending and the answer is no. I don't think you could be in a payments business without providing a wide range of services, and so I think our strategy of you know lending to our customers and understanding who we’re lending through, I think that will play out for us well during this pandemic.  I think the other thing is, what’s important to notice is that, you know you go back a couple years, we really started to even invest even more heavily in our credit capabilities. And you know so the difference between 2009 and today is a chasm. I mean, we’re not even the same company as it relates to it.  When I think about what we've done from an external monitoring perspective, how we do modeling and risk assessment, you know whether it's machine learning and how we do more through the cycle evaluation, just our overall customer evaluation, our ability to flex up and down spend and lend capacity, the way we risk price and our credit collections capability are so much better including our hardship programs.  I mean we had no hardship programs through the great financial crisis and now you know we roll out the CPR program in a matter of weeks. We have other programs that are coming out in addition to our traditional hardship programs, which by the way we're not traditional in 2009.  I think the key thing as we move forward through this cycle will be our constant evaluation of our customers, our constant ability to modify the spend and lend that we have, and our credit and collections capabilities, and our ability to be able to talk to our customers to understand their situations and really work with them so that you know those customers that you know have the potential to be good customers when this is over, we ensure that we were there for them.  So I think, I don't regret sort of expanding our lending at all, and I think we are much better positioned, you know much, much better position than we were in 2009 and much better positioned than we were just two years ago. 
Stephen Squeri: Yeah, so look I talk to Ed probably once a week. You know not only are we good partners, but we're good friends as well and I think he would tell you that you will see more emergence of domestic travel before you see cross border and the reason you'll see that is I think, you know look, I mean how will countries open up their borders to inbound flights number one, and how will the psychology work from a consumer perspective. I think there'll be a pent-up demand to do something in the summertime, you know in September, but I think a lot of U.S. consumers will probably do that, the United States may do that in the island. So I think travel will emerge more domestically first and it will internationally.  Having said that, I talked to Willie Walsh a couple weeks ago at BA and you know their flights to China are going back and forth and you know relatively full as those markets reopen as well.  So I think it's going to be, it will be interesting, but I think what is going to make the difference here is how safe you make your airline and how safe you make the travel experience. And you know certainly we will work with Ed and our other partners to do our part to help that, whether it's from a boarding process and he’ll take care once you are on the plane, they’ll do a fantastic job and he and his team are thinking about those things and I'm sure they will come up with a really high quality and premium product as they always do, so.  But I do believe a domestic will emerge more than cross border, and I think it'll take more time to get back to cross border travel, would be my sense and you know I think that’s obviously a better question for Ed and the other airline executives, but we do have a sort of a dog in this fight as well, so, but I think that's what will happen Craig. 
