Jeffrey Campbell: So two good questions Sanjay. Thank you for them. First, on the guidance. I’d really say there is three things going on all of which I talked about in my remarks. You’re correct, U.K. added $200 million of costs this year due to the tremendous new long-term agreement we have with Delta. It’s a great thing for shareholders long-term. Offsetting that provision is clearly much better than we had expected. And I’d say you're right that benefit is probably a little bit bigger than the $200 million. But I think the third thing to recall is if you go back Sanjay to the January call when we first talked about guidance, I said at the time that in the world where 2019 turns out to look kind of like 2018 in terms of the economy, you should expect us to be in the middle or upper part of the range. You know, in fact, while the economy is stable, it is clearly growing at a more modest level than it was in 2019 - 2018 when we put our plan together based on the more robust growth you saw in 2018. So, it's a little bit of softness in volume relative to our expectation. And so that’s really the missing third piece. All that said, eight straight quarters of revenue growth above 8%, 10% revenue growth this quarter we feel tremendous about the momentum. On the CECL side, boy, predicting the ongoing P&L impact of CECL Sanjay has so many moving parts right now, I am reluctant to give you a number. All I was trying to do on the call at this point is begin to focus people a little bit on the fact that for us the one time increase in reserves given the strength of our balance sheet and ROE, it doesn’t have any material impact I think in our capital returns. But the ongoing provision costs depending on the environment is something that you will probably hear us continue to talk about and I think your back of the envelope is as good as any. I just cautioned that there could be lots of different factors that affect it going forward. So thanks for the question Sanjay.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes. So, two things. First, on capital, Don, we said for a while now that the governor of how we manage our share repurchase is that we intend to keep that CET1 ratio in the 10% to 11% range and that is actually more important than where we are with the Fed. And so depending on our earnings, depending on our levels of organic growth, that’s how you should expect us to move the share repurchase up and down. Now, all that said, that means share repurchase have leveled very similar to what you’ve seen since we’ve rebuilt the balance sheet post the Tax Act charge. But that’s really the way I encourage everyone to think about our capital return not – that we are no longer in this world where the CCAR outcomes are governing what we’re doing on capital and so we’re going to return exactly that amount of capital. On leverage, boy, I think we’re just executing Don on the financial and business model that we’ve been talking about ever since Steve became CEO last February, which is, we’re generating industry’s leading levels of revenue growth. We think that’s the best way to create value for our shareholders long term. Customer engagement cost has been and, I expect, will continue to grow a little faster than our revenues and so that creates a little bit of margin compression. That’s mitigated by the fact that we expect operating expenses to grow less than revenue, they have for a decade, we’re highly confident that they will continue to. And then you add a little bit of share repurchase to all that and you get a double-digit EPS growth. Now, that does mean that PTI, in any given period may grow a little faster or a little slower than revenue. But we think this is the right strategy, focused on share, scale and relevance for creating the most value for our shareholders in the long term.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, maybe I’ll start Mark on the math and, Steve, you might add a little bit of color. Look, I think, when you look sequentially, sure as you’ve heard from many people, the consumer is strong and you did see in the US Consumer business a little bit of a modest uptick in billings sequentially. You know, all that said, I think, we see overall stability, but at more modest levels than last year. Commercial spending is still at a good level, but I exercise - I noted a little bit of caution. We just have our eye on that a little bit more than the consumer. So I don’t know, Steve, maybe you want to add a little bit of color.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yeah. So I think I got the question with a little bit of the background noise. But look, I mean, if you look at what was going on for international SME for pretty much like six quarters prior to this, you had sort of the long run of 20% growth, but often relatively smaller base. I am pretty happy where we are with 17% international SME growth. We continue to invest not only in the value propositions, but in the sales organizations, and our absolute numbers are actually getting bigger and bigger. So I am not really worried at all about 17% international SME growth. Our performance there has been, I think really outstanding. So we’re going to - and we're going to continue to invest. I mean, that’s one of the reasons why you saw a little bit of an uptick sort of an operating expenses is we’re investing in sales organizations not only international SME, but we’re investing in some sales resources as well as it relates to - international coverage. So you have some extra OpEx as it relates to that. As far as card – as far as card fees go, you know, card fees is all about adding value to the products and we will continue on our quest to continue to add differentiated value on an ongoing basis to all of our products around the globe. We have taken a very deliberate step to make sure that we are constantly looking at and refreshing these products on a very proactive basis. And by doing that, that enables us to continue to add tremendous pace that we’ve been on in terms of card fee acceleration. I mean, you saw 17% card fee growth year-over-year, and you even saw a sequential uptick, and 70% of the cards that we acquired, our fee-based cards and people are paying for those cards because they are getting value out of those cards. And so it is how our model has been for decades, and we will continue to invest in those value propositions so that we can continue to generate card fees.
Jeffrey Campbell: And the only thing I’d add, David on your specific question around September 14th deadline on merchants having better than authentication capabilities, we’re working with our merchants. It’s not a big cost for us. It’s really a merchant question. We don’t expect it to cause any significant inflection point. There is some talk about banks deferring a little bit because not all merchants were ready to launch. But I don’t see it as a big issue.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, we feel really good about the breadth of our small business franchise. As you know Moshe we talk a lot about the fact that we are in the US larger than our next five competitors combined outside the US where we have some of the highest growth rates in the company. Our shares tend to be small and we think we have a very long run way to continue to grow. We are broadly speaking and I am actually going to take your question beyond just small business, one of the things you've heard me talk about in my prepared remarks is we actually have been making some changes in all of our risk management practices steadily across the last year. That’s both a consumer and a small business issue because they are both so important to us. And in fact those changes are part along with a stable economic environment of what’s driving stronger than expected credit performance for us provision actually being up less than loan. So all of those things we think help prepare us to continue to perform strongly in all economic environments. We always spend a lot of time thinking about how we manage the company through all aspects of an economic cycle. We make every economic decision around customers assuming through the cycle view of the economics. So we feel good about where we are in our preparation.
Jeffrey Campbell: And Bill on rates. Look I’d just started by reminding everyone that 80% of our revenues come from spend and fee revenues. So just the math starts with the fact that relative to any other financial institution, we’re just far less sensitive in terms of our overall economics to where our rates are going. Second, we do manage our funding stack in terms of our fixed floating mix to keep our exposure to changes in rates pretty modest and that’s why in my prepared remarks I pointed out that when you think about a 25 basis point change, it’s $0.01 a quarter. And then assuming quarters third, there is this economic offset, right? I think in response to Sanjay’s first question, I did point out that the economy is growing slowly than it was last year as the rate environment or the rate outlook has come down a little bit, that’s because people are worried about the economy. That provides a little bit of a natural offset to even a modest impact that rates do. So, look, we pay attention to rates. I am just making a general point that when you net it all out for us, I don’t see modest changes in the rate environment up and down as something that’s going to move the needle in our overall earnings. I think operator let’s keep going and probably squeeze in one or two more here.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. I mean, look, I think that international is still strong as well. I mean, you had 17% international SME growth, you have 15% international consumer growth. But just a comment in US SME. I think when we dig into the numbers in US SME, what I always look at is, how are we bringing on new booked business. So that’s from new signings and that’s been stable for a long time. How are we looking at the attrition and that’s also been very stable. What you see and I think this is to Jeff's point, what you see is maybe a little less confidence that the consumer from an SME perspective where there is been organic decline from what we would say, pretty much all time highs from what we’re growing over, but it’s still positive. So that's US SME. And I think large corporate, you know, we’re pretty comfortable with large corporate, especially when we had such a breakout year, I think, last year from large and global corporate accounts. So I think the commercial side of the business is being slightly more cautious than the consumer side. And I think you’ve heard that as you listen to other earnings calls this week as well. So - but still strong, I mean, still strong growth. 
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. So, look for every business, we have an opportunity to grow sort of three different ways, right? You grow from organic growth, you grow through partnerships, and you grow through acquisitions. I think, if you look at the last sort of five acquisitions or so, and I think you picked up on a really important point with Resy but I'll get to that in a minute. But if you really look at the last five acquisitions, while you can say they are consumer rated, consumer driven what they really are is all about embedding ourselves more in our customers digital lives. And those customers are not only consumers, but they are small business, and they're corporate card customers. So maybe for a business process perspective, we’re not - we haven't done any M&A in that area. But when you think about what we've done, it first started out, and we started with some building blocks. We started out with Mezi which is digital based AI assist and now we’ve roll that out in the UK and we’re testing that in the US with some of our platinum cardholders. And then we went with Cake, which is really sort of middleware to help us sort of manage our restaurant reservation. We went with Pocket Concierge, which Japan is a really important market for us and that gave us access to some of the best restaurants in Japan. And then we went with LoungeBuddy because our focus has been on providing a great experience end-to-end for the travelers. And while I'm not going to be able to build hundreds of lounges, we’ve got 12 right now and will continue to add them selectively as we go along. LoungeBuddy from a mobile perspective will show our customers exactly where other lounges are and we get access to lots of the lounges. And then the last one Resy, which is really sort of two-pronged and I think we probably not done a good enough job talking about the merchant side of this. But it will give us access to some of the what we believe is some of the finest restaurants and actually one of the more requested restaurants from our card members and be able to not only provide special Card Member offers, but to also be able to acquire new card members when they actually use the Resy app and seeing what our existing card members were getting. And for restaurants, the thing that we love Resy is they look at the fact that they have two customers. They have the card, they have the diner as a customer, and they have the restaurant and the customers, and restaurants are really important partners for us. And so what you’re seeing is a concept - a continue to build out whether it be organically partnership or via acquisition. And remember we had a partnership with LoungeBuddy before this to constantly and consistently move more upstream or in-stream into our customers digital lives. So we’ll be opportunistic. We’ll continue to look for those companies either from a partnership perspective or an acquisition perspective that will continue to build-out our digital capabilities. And we’ll continue to look on the commercial side, but I don't want you to think its all consumer, because small businesses can use this and our corporate card customers can use this as well.
Stephen Squeri: No. I don't know that we - yeah, well actually yes. Not necessarily a debit card, but access for sort of more real-time payments, but - with PSIP. But I think that we’ll wind down Europe by the end of this year, and so you won't have that grow over. Our value propositions are very strong in Europe. We still - the reason we - just to refresh everybody’s memory, the reason we wound this done is, we wanted to stay as a three party scheme versus a four party scheme, which aspects of our business in Europe were four-party, which enables us to have a better, not only better value proposition, but in fact a higher discount rate as it relates to our transactions there. But I don’t see us introducing a debit card per se, and I think we’ll just continue on our path of increasing our value to our customers both from small business perspective and from a consumer perspective.
Stephen Squeri: No actually and we’ll leverage our safety technology to do that. But in fact it's really more about conversations and visits with merchants more than just technology and we’ve been really ahead of the curve on that in educating merchants on how to interact. So not a cost issue for us at all.
Stephen Squeri: Yeah. The other point that I would make is when you look at international SME, it’s predominantly if not 100% a charged business for us, and which has a lot less - obviously, a lot less volatility. And our small business portfolio is more heavily charge based than our - in fact our consumer portfolio as well.
Stephen Squeri: So, let me - I'll answer the second one. No, I think look having been CIO of this company and spent 10 years running technology, I am really comfortable with where we are. From an economic perspective, the reason we have a hybrid strategy is we believe that on an ongoing basis, we have better economics by running our own private clouds. Now that may not be the case with everybody else. But when you go to one of the cloud providers, you have a situation where there is obviously just profit built in. So as we focused on our infrastructure and if you look at our technology cost over a long period of time, our run the - our run the company cost are best in class and they have been decreasing over time. So I am really comfortable with where we are from a hybrid strategy perspective. And what you do is you look to put workloads out there that are variable in nature. And so I think having a hybrid strategy really works well for us because it enables us not to have some of the fixed cost investment that you would just need to have on a variable basis. So, I don’t see we’re falling behind at all, and I think we might have been a little bit ahead with the hybrid strategy that we have deployed.
Stephen Squeri: So actually the working capital product's been out there for a couple of years now, which - maybe you got sort of mixed up in this - in the Blue Cash announcement. But the working capital product has been out there for quite a long time, a couple of years. It is relatively small and it does ride over ACH rails. And what we want do is remember, what we wanted to do with small businesses is to help run their businesses and part - the role that the card plays is part of their overall working capital solution. And so there are suppliers and there are merchants that do not accept credit card payments of any type, not just American Express with Visa and MasterCard. And so to be able to provide, along with providing the card product, to be able to provide a working capital product as well to these customers, helps them manage their business and helps them manage their cash flow. And the reality is these are loans that are anywhere from 30 to 90 days.
