Jeffrey C. Campbell: So I think the point I'm trying to make, Don, is we were pleased by our efforts over the last, really year-and-a-half to put other Amex products into the hands of the former Costco cobrand card members. And that's why we feel comfortable with my statement that we'd expect to track to retaining over 20% of the out-of-store spending of those card members. So I would say that in the run rate for the most part in the second quarter, it continued to build even as we went through the second quarter and should stay in the run rate, subject to the complex dynamics, which I'll come to in a second. And I mentioned that 20% in the context of the disclosure we're making about our billings and revenue, and for that matter, loan growth rates where we pull Costco out of the prior-year base. Some of the growth does come from the efforts and the success we've had at putting other Amex products in the hands of the Costco cobrand card members. Complex dynamics. When you look at the back half of 2016, it's certainly not news to anyone on this call. It's a very competitive environment right now. And you have many changes that are wrought by the switch from Amex to Citi of the Costco cobrand. You have many other competitors who have launched either new marketing efforts or new products that perhaps are targeted at some of the same types of card members. In our case, we have a range of marketing efforts targeted at lots of consumers and lots of different segments of the consumer world in the U.S., including the fact that the former Costco cobrand card members do just drop into our broader prospect pool at this time. You also for us have some complex dynamics around geographies and certain geographies where the Costco cobrand card members, for example, might have been a more significant part of total Amex card holders. So all of those dynamics are complex. And then if you think about the broader external environment, you have tremendous uncertainty around interest rates. I would point out to you, as we thought about this call, originally thought I might want to talk about the potential of lower rates when you think about the last 24 hours, you have the Fed sort of back-talking about higher ratings. We'll have to see. Certainly, all of the election dynamics here in the U.S., and for that matter the dynamics in the UK and the EU, probably create more uncertainty than we're used to. So I could go on. But I think you probably get the point that there's a lot of different changes going on that just make us a little bit cautious, so we've tried to be very balanced in the outlook that we've given you for the back half of 2016 and what that means for 2017, but we'll have to see where things really come out.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: I'm just making a few notes here Betsy so I don't forget any parts of the question. I think the first thing that's important to think about is, we now for several years have been steadily growing loans at above industry rates and we've done that while maintaining best-in-class credit metrics and without seeing any significant increase in the credit metrics or changes in our overall risk profile. So this is a continuation of a trend. And that loan growth is coming from many different areas. We have a nice loan portfolio that's been growing steadily in our U.S. small business franchise OPEN. We have a range of consumer products targeted at attracting more of our customers' borrowing behavior. And for us, because traditionally and we talked a lot about this at our Investor Day in March, because traditionally over the last probably five years, six years we have probably underinvested in terms of our efforts to attract the borrowing behaviors of our own card members, both consumer and small business, as well as underinvested in terms of targeting prospects, who from a credit perspective, look just like our customers but are a little bit more revolving-centric. As we have turned our efforts more to those kinds of customers, this is not trying to get more lending growth out of our existing customers, or excuse me, out of customers where we were already tapping into our fair share of their lending behaviors. It's really, how do we tune our efforts to just attract an equivalent lending share to what we already have our customers spend share. So all of those efforts are what have led to the very steady performance you've seen. Now I think it is fair to say this quarter and last quarter you're getting a little bit of an incremental boost that will fade in the next couple of quarters as we have moved some of the lending behaviors that were being done on the Costco cobrand cards onto other Amex products. And since you're looking at an adjusted number there where we pulled all the Costco amount out of the base, that increases that 13% by a little bit. That will fade a little bit, but the broader trajectory which we feel is a very thoughtful outcome of several years of steady effort in this area, we think that outcome will continue for the foreseeable future.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes. That's a really good and I think important question, Chris. So couple of comments. The investment piece to start with, as you point out, we have made a decision that, as we look at all of the complex market dynamics, which I just talked about in response to the last question. We're going to increase somewhat in the second half of the year and increase for full year 2016 over 2015 our overall level of investments. Those investments take many forms. Some of them are pure marketing and acquisitioning investments, some of them are technology investments that are about building capabilities in infrastructure. All of them are targeted at a mixture of very short-term, medium-term and long-term benefits. And as we look at our performance in the first half of the year, where we've done a little bit better on expenses and provision than we expected and revenues are tracking as we expected, we felt very comfortable even going to the higher end of our guidance range in increasing the investments a little bit. Our view of 2017, though has changed in that in 2017 our expectation would be that elevated level absolutely falls away and particularly some of the capability building that we're funding here. Our projects very naturally will fall away. The question I get a lot is gee, how can you consider a more significant decrease in this investment level without thinking it's going to impact your revenue growth. Well, part of the reason is, it's the things like I just described where these are projects that we very discreetly decided to fund and they will naturally fall away. The other thing to keep in mind is that we feel we are making very good progress on our efforts to pull $1 billion out of the cost base on a run-rate basis by the end of 2017. As we have said all along, sometimes to get to those ultimate positive outcomes, we actually have to spend some money, right? If you're automating things for a little while you have to spend the money on automation before you can put the automation into place and take the costs out. If you're right-shoring things you often have to have duplicate teams in place for a little while until everything is running smoothly. In the back half of 2016 you have some of those added costs actually working against us. We are very comfortable, though, with the tract and the line of sight we have into 2017 and feel very good about the progress we're making on costs. So that will be a significant benefit in 2017 versus what you will see in the back half of 2016. So those are the components that go into what we mean when we say we're at an elevated level of investments, going to elevate them a little bit more. If that helps you a little bit think about the big moving pieces that help you get in the back half of 2016 to the EPS guidance we have given you for 2017, which as we sit here today I remain very comfortable with.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me focus on the global consumer versus the global B2B segment. For the most part I would think of GMS, Eric, is just reflecting the tire company. And I think the nuances to think about here and I'll talk about all of these numbers, taking Costco out of the base because it does affect both segments. In the consumer segment, you have had the biggest benefit from the phenomenon I described about the success we've had putting other Amex products into the hands of Costco cobrand card members. As we finish lapping that, you will actually see some just due to that effect alone, modest decline in the U.S. consumer rate. That's something we anticipate and it's consistent with all the plans we've laid out. Going against that, you have the efforts we have across a broad range of products to drive more billings through a range of efforts in the consumer segment. In the B2B segment, you continue as we talked about initially at Investor Day to have the tail of a couple of different segments of the market. We are seeing really nice growth in the small business and middle market area. And in fact, I would expect to see some acceleration in the middle market area in particular as we get into the back half of the year. The wild card is in the largest corporate clients where, as we pointed out at our Investor Day, that is not particularly a growth segment for us. And that continues to be a tough segment. I don't think there's many of the Fortune 500 who are going on calls like we're having right now and talking about growing their T&E budgets. And for us in that large segment, we predominantly still have a T&E franchise. So we'll have to see how all those things play out. And, of course, you have the whole range of external factors that I talked about earlier that are a little harder to handicap. But those are a couple of discrete things that I would watch for.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, kind of two questions there, Moshe. Let me take them maybe in reverse order. On marketing to Costco cobrand card members, I would remind you that we sold the portfolio. And it's very different from our situation in Canada. So we no longer have any access, or for that matter, knowledge from a marketing perspective, of the former Costco cobrand card members unless they happen to have another Amex card. Now, those people drop anonymously into the broader U.S. prospect pool that we constantly, as our competitors are trying to target with attractive offers, attractive products. But we can absolutely not do any direct marketing to those people at this point. On the expense side, the way I think about it is that there's a couple of big components of the expenses. So people costs are the largest single components, and the now $315 million or so of restructuring charges that we've taken will get at a big chunk of the people savings. When you look at those restructuring charges, for the most part, those are for exits that occur over the course of 2016, with the overwhelming majority of them done by the end of 2016. But you don't necessarily really start seeing the savings until 2017. You have other components of costs. So there's a big professional fees component where we think we can get some savings, one of which is in the area of application development where we do a lot of out-source work. Part of the elevated spending or elevated investment spending that we've been talking about is a lot of technological or technology development work that we think is going be really valuable long-term. That's the kind of stuff where we can actually dial it up even as we go through the back half of 2016 and very – roughly dial it down in 2017. Still you have a variety of other fees, renegotiated contracts, travel, all those kinds of things that constitute the remainder of the $1 billion. So while there are some savings that will begin to creep into the back half of 2017, mostly on the people side, 2016, excuse me. To a great extent, those are offset by some of the other costs I talked about earlier where we sometimes have to spend money to position ourselves to save it in 2017. So the net of all that is I feel very good about the progress we're making on the 2017 target, and we're working real hard to see just how much of it we can get quickly and early in 2017, and we'll obviously need to give you updates on that in future quarters. But I feel really good about the progress.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Two good questions. Let me take them in reverse, Chris. So the UK, it is true that since the EU interchange regulations came into effect in early December, you have seen a couple of competitors pull back on some rewards, although it's not universal by any stretch of the imagination. What I would say is while that may help us over time, the really good growth rates we're seeing in the UK have actually been there for quite some time and predate any of those changes. So look, we always say that regulation in our industry we think is generally not a good thing, not consumer-friendly and necessarily produce the best outcome, and regulation around interchange will not directly impacting us. It does have an impact that is unbalanced, not a good thing. All that said, it does at times create opportunities and the flexibility of our business model gives us a number of levers to pull to try to take advantage of different environments and different sets of regulation. So we'll have to see over time. We feel good about our value proposition in the UK. We feel really good about the growth rates that we've had for quite some time. And if we could even accelerate those further, that would be a tremendous thing. In terms of the U.S., certainly it's a competitive rewards environment. It has been for quite some time. I would have to say I can't say that we've seen anything in the last 90 days that changes our view of what it would have been 90 days ago. And our broader strategy to compete in that environment, as you point out, Chris, is to have a wide range of value propositions because everybody's different. Everybody has something different they value. And that's why we have cobrand products, we have cash-back products, we have Membership Rewards products, we have fee-based products, we have no fee-based products, et cetera, et cetera. And we think that kind of targeting allows us to deliver the most value to each customer segment in the most efficient way from a shareholder perspective. Now, I would have to say from our perspective, we are constantly innovating and evolving the Membership Rewards program and we absolutely don't accept just as a matter of course at all. We're going to have people trading out of Membership Rewards. We fight for the loyalty and business and try to earn the business of every one of our card members on an ongoing basis. And the breadth of the Membership Rewards program, our ability to integrate it with other merchants and other offers we think allows us to do some really innovative and unparalleled things that are very difficult for others to offer and match. And we think it's part of why we continue to see good growth in our Membership Rewards products. And we're able to do it while still being able to manage the costs in a reasonable way. So...
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I'm actually a little puzzled by the math you're doing, Jason. So on balance the sale of the Costco portfolio didn't have a material impact on our metrics other than the phenomenon I talked about in my prepared remarks where, because we retained a small amount, $250 million, $260 million of the cancelled accounts, and those are heavily reserved, they impacted the delinquency rate by about 10 basis points this quarter. And they'll have a lot of probably similarly sized impact on the write-off rate in the next couple of quarters. Beyond that, what we laid out at our Investor Day was an expectation that you would see just because we're growing loans a lot, there's some seasoning of the portfolio, we expected you would see some modest uptick in write-off rates and then we painted some longer term scenarios where we talked about maybe write-off rates going up 10 basis points, 20 basis points a year. We haven't seen that yet. The legacy parts of our portfolios in most cases continued to actually strengthen. And the loan growth that we've been doing – we've been doing while still maintaining a very similar credit profile to what we've had for years. So if you look at our new card acquisitions this quarter, the FICO has averaged over 750 as they have for many, many quarters in the past. So there's really not a material change there. So look, I think we all are in the camp of saying credit rates will go up. They have to go up at some point with seasonal lows but we feel pretty good about the trajectory right now.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yeah, it's a good question, Craig. So a couple things I'd say. As you – I don't know exactly what calculation you're doing, but it is true that if you look at the competitive environment right now, like others on a lot of our lending products, there is some kind of introductory period, where there is an interest free period. When you suddenly, as you saw this quarter, lop off in effect all of the Costco loans, which were mature loans, not in that intro period, the percentage of the remaining portfolio that is in that introductory period all of a sudden pops up compared to the combined portfolio before. Nothing has actually changed in terms of the dollars. I think you see the proportion change. And so you do see a little bit of that effect this quarter. One of the complex lapping dynamics that I was referring to earlier in my prepared remarks is as we go through the next couple of quarters, the lapping impact of all of some of the offers and the customer behavior around the new Amex cards we've put in the hands of the Costco cobrand card members, well amongst other things cause billings to trend down a little bit because we've had this surge – adjusted billings to trend down a little bit, we've had this surge as we brought those card members on. It will also, though, have a very positive effect on net interest income and on revenue in a few quarters as we get the majority of those people past those introductory periods. So when you think very long term, what I would say is that the mix, overall mix that we're offering to new and existing card members from an interest rate perspective is not materially changing. This mix effect that I just described we will work through in the next couple quarters as we finish lapping all the effects of the last five or so quarters of some unusual dynamics around Costco. And once you're through all that I wouldn't expect to see a material change from the prior trends.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, that's a good and very complex question, Sanjay, because of course the dynamics are a little different whether you're talking about a consumer lend card, consumer charge card, an open small business card or new corporate card relationships. But let me maybe make just a few comments. Certainly our growth has been helped by the really nice progress we've made in the last five quarters on new card acquisitions. That growth manifests itself today particularly in the billings line, and then as the next couple of quarters roll by that growth will increasingly move from the billings line into the loan balance and net interest income line as balance is billed for those who are revolvers. And it will grow into the revenue line as we lap various introductory incentives, et cetera. That's a general statement. It's part of why we have said for some time, although I guess I haven't repeated it today now when I think about it, that as we get into the last quarter of 2016 in particular, we expect to see some sequential increase in revenue growth rates. And part of the complex lapping dynamics I was talking about earlier is, we may see a little bit of sequential weakening in the billings rate adjusted for Costco but revenue will be going in the other direction as we get into the end of this year for all the reasons that you're asking about. So the other comment I would make is, one of the things that Doug Buckminster in particular talked about at Investor Day is the fact that we have seen some modest share of wallet losses amongst our existing customers. And one of our key initiatives in the Consumer business is around a range of things we're doing to try to change that trend. I feel really good about the things we're doing. What I would say is, it's a little early in the second quarter to say that they're actually having much of a material impact yet. I would say the second quarter is more impacted by what we've been doing around new card acquisitions. What I conclude from that is, though, because I do feel good about those efforts because I think that is something that you will see the fruits of as we get into the coming quarters.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: I would say we factor into our current guidance everything we know about a wide range of internal and external factors including the legal environment. I would remind you that is a case that we were not a party to. We don't see it as having a direct impact on our pending appellate case with the DOJ, which we are still awaiting a verdict on and we'll have to see where it comes out. And look, we every day have to go out and negotiate with merchants and demonstrate the value we're providing. And we've been doing that for many, many years in the face of all kinds of changes in the environment. In the grand scheme of things, I don't think that particular legal judgment has a significant or material impact on those ongoing negotiations.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I'm going be careful because I don't want to get in the middle of trying to opine on someone else's legal settlement. But I think we're always very clear. And Europe is probably the best example, David, that when you have some kind of regulatory or other external intervention that drives down interchange, even though we don't – we're not involved with interchange – that generally puts downward pressure on us. As merchants say, well, you need to remain competitive. So Europe being a good example where in most of those markets we have long had a premium, significant premium, to the interchange rates. As interchange rates come down, we tend to keep our premium. But the premium sort of stays the same and we move down as interchange moves down. So anything that results in a sharp downward movement of interchange is generally going to have a tough or a follow-on impact on us.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, so the one big change between the first half and the second half is just Costco is no longer a merchant. And so we had a significant chunk, six, seven – I guess we haven't given the second quarter, we had significant chunk of our volume that was running through a merchant with a much, much, much, much lower than normal discount rate. All of a sudden all that volume goes away, and just the sheer mass of it pops the average discount rate up. That's really the only big change between the first half and the second half. And if you go back to our March Investor Day slides and you look at Anré William's presentation, he has a nice summary slide that lays out the components of that. But that's the one big change.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, it's a good question, Bob. We are laser-focused as a management team on getting back to the kind of consistent and fairly simple financial performance and financial model that drove this company for years. We are in an industry and with a business model that should allow us to get very consistent revenue growth. We have a heavily-fixed cost nature, which allows us to get steady operating expense leverage on that, and we're not very capital intensive. So we get a little bit of a capital kicker on top of that. We feel really good, and I think we've very consistently demonstrated that we can make real good progress on running the cost structure of the company more efficiently, and we're very committed to use of the balance sheet. I think it's fair to say that it was a competitive, economic and regulatory environment, what it's been. That is what has been a larger challenge for us, like many, in the industry. Now as investors look at our results right now, there is a lot of complexity because of the evolution we're going through with Costco. And we're trying to sort through that complexity. But that complexity won't completely go away until you get all the way to the back half of 2017, which is why we won't have to do all the various adjustments and try to help people understand the underlying trends. I would point out though that if you look at the first half 2016, you strip away Costco, you're at about 5% revenue growth. That's versus 4% last year. That 5% is benefiting a little bit from the Costco cobrand members who would put other Amex products in the hands of. So that's our jumping off point and what we are very focused on as a management team. What we really try to articulate at our Investor Day in March is our goal. Our belief is we can get that number up. In particular, our target is to get it to the 6% scenario that we showed you at Investor Day. And we have a wide range of initiatives across our consumer business, across our B2B business, in terms of how we're working with merchants. Wide range of initiatives targeted at getting us there. I think what we are working hard to be able to demonstrate to you and to all of our shareholders is that we are getting real traction on those initiatives and you can see it in our results as we get into 2017, because I think we fully appreciate that this is not just about the EPS we put up in 2017, but it's about the way we get that EPS and the momentum it gives us as you go beyond 2017 into 2018. So that's why we have a very simple mantra at the company right now for over 50,000 people. Our priorities are accelerating revenue growth while we reset the cost base, while we be really focused about what we do with our investment dollars. So in many ways, Bob, that's a great last question. And I think we're probably going to stop there.
