W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We're not quite through our first year of executing Restock Kroger, and we feel great about where we are. We are laser-focused on our customers and fulfilling their needs. We are clear on our vision to serve America through food inspiration and uplift. Our 2018 accomplishments and investments set us up well for 2019, and we are committed to delivering on our Restock Kroger financial targets by the end of 2020. We have a clear path through both redefining the customer experience and growing alternative profit streams.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I would say it was just -- if you look at the overall strategy, it's executing the overall strategy that we started -- what we talked about at the beginning of the year but we've been embarking upon for several years. So I wouldn't say anything out of the ordinary. As Mike mentioned in his prepared comments, last year's third quarter was higher than trend-line. The other thing, I think, that's important just to note is that we did have a couple new warehouses starting up and a warehouse conversion that also negatively affected the margins in the quarter. And those are one-time -- well, it will take a couple of quarters for those to get started up in the transition, but that also negatively affected the quarter. 
W. McMullen: The -- I wouldn't -- longer term, I wouldn't say that we're really to a position to start giving some of the detailed insights. Your hypothesis is absolutely correct in terms of the margins in our alternative profit streams are significantly higher than the core business, which is one of the reasons why we want to make sure that we call it out and point it out. The other thing, as you know, that's incredibly important is in those -- in that space, it's typically very asset light. So if you look at Kroger Personal Finance, we have an incredibly strong partnership with the bank. The assets that's used to grow that business is reasonably modest. If you look at Kroger Precision Marketing, it's using insights and data to create that revenue stream so it's easily scalable as long as you're producing the results for your customers. So it's a piece that's incredibly exciting. In terms of giving some specifics, I just think it's still a little too early for that. 
W. McMullen: I agree totally with everything that Mike said. And I think the last part that Mike said is the important part. As you look at now through 2020, you should expect to see us reducing cost of -- how much cost it takes us to operate our business. And Mike gave a bunch -- several great examples, but we're really -- our operations team is doing a great job working with our stores and our technology team on some innovation ideas to improve processes and take cost out. So it's really all of those pieces working together. But absolutely, as you look out through 2020, you should expect us to improve cost and how much it costs us to operate our business. 
W. McMullen: It's really all of the portfolio of products they offer. So in the last 2 or 3 years, we've done a couple of mergers with Roundy's and Harris Teeter so there's good growth there. There's good growth in the existing business. And then the credit card business continues to be an incredible tie-in for -- loyalty for Kroger customers, so it's really all pieces of that business continues to grow. Obviously, credit write-offs are low as well, but that' a pretty small part of the overall impact on the profitability of that business. 
W. McMullen: The other point that I would add, and we talked about it in October, is if you look at digital, our overall digital business continues to be a significant investment for the future of the business. And we would expect for '19, that to become a less of a headwind that it was in '18. And that is also an important part to remember as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look, food safety has been something that Kroger has been incredibly proud of for many, many years. And we have a team of folks here that, that is their only responsibility is to make sure that products are safe throughout the food channel. We will do routine audits of our suppliers as part of that process. One of the things that we are incredibly proud of is, in the unfortunate situation where there is a recall, we reach out to our customers and let them know that there's a recall on products they bought so that we try to get that customer to get the product back to us as quick as possible to make it easy on them and to let them know. It's something that we also review with our board on a regular basis. If you look at severity of incidents, we've actually, over the last 5 or 6 years, there's been a decline on severe incidents. Now if you look at overall recalls, it continues to increase just because I think the overall food safety chain in the U.S. continues to improve. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The other thing, I think it's always important to remember when we go to market, our fabulous associates in terms of the great experience they deliver in fresh product is also important. So for us, it's the overall shopping experience that we're trying to create for the customer. And we're aggressively investing in the Anything, Anytime, Anywhere so they can do it anyway they want to, whether that's digital, delivery, pickup or physically in a store and have the same great experience and great fresh product in all those together. 
W. McMullen: I'll try to organize it in a way that makes sense. As you mentioned, our digital business overall grew over 60%. All pieces of the digital business continues to grow. The -- if you look at what was the biggest drivers of the growth, it would certainly be continuing to add locations where customers can pick up and get delivery. From an online standpoint and the stores that were -- already had it a year ago, their continued growth, and then Home Chef as well. Home Chef would be pretty much exactly where we thought it would be from a growth standpoint or where Pat and his team thought they would be and then we were part of it. If you look at Ship and some of the other pieces, it's still pretty early in the process. We would have had a lot more expenses in terms of setting up where all the systems worked versus so much of a sales driver. But obviously, over time, you would expect that to become more of a sales driver, but that is very early in the ramp. The relationship with Walgreens, it's -- both of us are very excited about what it can be, but it's one of the things where you really have to start small and learn from it. And that's really the prioritization is let's take baby steps and see if we can identify something that works for a Walgreens customer and a Kroger customer in some way that both of us can grow our business and make money. So excited -- that thing, I guess, I'm most excited about is when I spend time with our combined teams and their openness and aggressiveness on trying to identify something that's great for our customers, for both of our customers, is the thing that's so exciting. But it's pretty early to be able to start giving some more specifics than that. 
W. McMullen: The other thing, I think, it's always important to remember is I always think it's a dangerous thing for CPGs to raise their cost more than what the economic cost of something increasing. And what we find, over time, when somebody does that, our own brands will pick up a disproportionate amount of share whenever somebody does that. So to me, it's a fine balance that we're all doing to try to find what's that optimal price point. 
W. McMullen: The tone of the customer, they continue to -- the economy still feels very good. People continue to buy wine, anything that makes their life easier, they will aggressively buy. So it wouldn't be anything -- and then from a household standpoint, we did continue to have a slight growth in households as well. We are incredibly confident about the future of Kroger, especially with Restock Kroger. One of the exciting things about our earnings call is that many of our associates listen in to better understand and gain insights into our business. And of course, many of our associates are shareholders as well. So as always, before we end today's call, I'd like to share a few final comments directed toward them. Last week, we celebrated Giving Tuesday. In conjunction with our partner, Feeding America, we set a goal to raise enough money to provide 4 million meals to those in need during this holiday season. Together with our customers, we raised enough to serve almost 6 million meals, helping us move closer to our Zero Hunger | Zero Waste goal of eliminating hunger in our communities. Last Friday, a major earthquake rattled Alaska. We operate 7 Fred Meyer Stores that were affected. And thankfully, all of our associates and customers inside our stores were safe. I'm so proud of the awesome job that Fred Meyer and Kroger team did. Under the leadership of Joe Grieshaber and our teams, everybody worked together to get all our stores opened within 1 day.  Each holiday season, I'm reminded of our privilege to serve more than 9 million customers who shop with us every day. Every celebration or tradition is as unique as the customer who walks through our door. Among the hustle and bustle of the season, you welcome our customers and help to make their celebrations brighter. We lift our customers' spirits and they uplift our spirits as well. These are just a few examples of what it means to live our purpose to Feed the Human Spirit. It's an amazing thing of what we can do together. Thank you for all you do for our customers, communities and each other. Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and Happy New Year to you and your family and all those listening in. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: No. I think we also -- Rodney gave some color on the Kroger Precision Marketing. The fact that it's up 150% year-to-date and I think it's pretty impressive that the boosted search of relatively new product with 700 million product impressions just this third quarter. And when you get click-to-conversion ratios 2 to 3x industry standard, that's the kind of thing that keeps that momentum going and keeps third parties interested in continuing to have that boosted search. 
J. Schlotman: Sure, Karen. And the wide range, I -- we all agree here at Kroger that the range for the fourth quarter is quite wide, keeping it at $0.15. And it's purely driven by what you zeroed in on, and that's gasoline margins and where they wind up because they've been very volatile over the last several weeks, while a very strong year, they can turn pretty quickly both positively and negatively. And if you think about what one margin in gallon means to earnings per share or $0.01 margin per gallon means to earnings per share, it can equate to almost $0.01 a share. That volatility is what caused us to decide to keep the range fairly wide. It has nothing to do with our view of how the business is going to operate in the fourth quarter. It's purely, will margins continue to be strong? Will they get weak the next -- will they get weaker the next 5 or 6 weeks or where exactly will they go. And it's really, you're unable to predict where those margins go on a weekly basis so we just decided to keep it a little wider purely based on where gas margins may wind up in the fourth quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily predict pulling expenses into the fourth quarter. If you look at where we're sitting here in early December, our promotional activity and our ads are pretty well set, how we plan to go to market over the holidays coming up and New Year's and even as we get into later January getting ready for the college football playoffs and the Super Bowl, all those big events. Those kinds of plans are pretty well locked and loaded and the supply chain is ready for those kinds of activities to come through. So to do a lot of other unusual things in the next, call it, 8 weeks, 8.5 weeks would be -- I think we're pretty comfortable with the plans we have in place. 
J. Schlotman: Well, if you look at the cadence throughout the quarter, it was fairly consistent throughout the quarter. As you look at so far this quarter, we would be in the same range as where we ended the third quarter, so we've started off at about the same spot. When you look at space optimization and the fact that we're in the holiday season, we've been disciplined to not have stores disrupted during the holiday season, so we would expect to have those stores start to perform better like we talked about at the Investor Conference. We will start up next year -- space ops. We will start some stores in January after the holiday season. When you think about the slide I showed at the Investor Conference on space op, what we're seeing in ID sales for those stores is not materially different than what I showed back in October. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I think what it means is a lot of what you said, and when you look at the areas that I called out in the prepared comments, when you think about retention, and our retention getting significantly better than it has, it does multiple things. One, you don't spend the dollars you have to spend to hire somebody, just the actual hard cost of getting somebody into the system whether you do a background check or any kinds of other screenings on the individual, getting them through a training program and then getting them on to the sales floor, at a productivity level lower than someone who has 6 or 9 months experience. So when you have more and more people who have that 6 to 9 months experience and start to get to the 12 months experience, that helps the productivity inside the store. More people then wind up staying, particularly the part-time workforce, as they start to understand and appreciate, when they're here 6 months, they start to get the benefit of Feed Your Future where they can get $3,500 a year towards furthering their education. That cost, while it sounds expensive, actually will be offset by that person staying for another 12 or 18 months versus having that person turn a couple of times and having lower productivity and training. So you kind of create a virtuous cycle and better opening wage rates, more contemporary benefits, helping them with their college education or GED or English as a second language. We have a lot of folks here work for Kroger in management positions that have decided to go back and get their MBA and other advanced degree certification. So all of those together help with that. We continue to see improvements in our cost to filling our pharmacies. Our pharmacy business continues to be a very strong piece. Our script count on a 30-day adjusted basis continues to grow nicely. And as we leverage that and are able to leverage down our cost to fill prescriptions, that certainly helps. And then the efforts we've had both on our front-end transformation that we tried to work in with space op, when possible, of reconfiguring the self-checkout units so that it's an easier, a more friendly experience for our customers. And then the added benefit of the Scan, Bag and Go, all of those help create productivity, which is a positive to it. A lot of things I said there. I don't know that I would promise 20- basis points going forward, but certainly cost reduction as we've been talking since we announced Restock Kroger on October '17 is a very important part of getting the $400 million of operating profit. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I think that the only place that would go on -- ID sales is our guidance as we expect the second half to be comparable to the first half. Our third quarter was close to the second quarter and our first quarter was a little better than the second quarter. So we do have a little bit of ground to make up on that guidance, but we didn't -- we said similar, we didn't say exactly equal to. But we are expecting a little bit better fourth quarter. We're working hard to do that. I think we have great plans in place. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I wouldn't point to any particular offsetting drag as it relates to the top-line. Keep in mind, our fuel rewards program continues to be incredibly important to our customers and our associates when they think about the total value that we give them on a day in, day out basis. And that $0.10 a gallon they get off, keep in mind, we reduce reported IDs for that because you have to buy groceries to get the lower fuel discount. Not all of our competitors account for it that way. So as that continues to be popular and more and more people engage in that, we're selling more in the stores, but it actually slows how quickly ID sales grow just because of the way we do our accounting. So there are always puts-and-takes on that top line. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I won't go too far on 2019, but it's -- if you go all the way back to 2017 and then the first quarter of this year, when we talked about pulling forward some investments from '19 into '18, clearly, operating profit margin has to grow in 2019 over 2018 and start that march to the $400 million that we're going to generate over the 3 years of the Restock Kroger Plan. I will say, and I knew at some point we would get this question because we were a little -- we were pretty more prescriptive this time last year on the call about what we expected for 2018, and a lot of that had to do with the fact that we had a range of estimates out there at that point in time that were as low as in the $1.40s and $1.50s and up to above $2.20 kind of range. It was a massive range. And what we were trying to do was rein in that range as we got into the end of the year. And knowing that we were going to give guidance in March, we didn't want that wide of a range out there. I think, today, people are understanding that this is a 3-year program we're undertaking. And as we make -- as we pull those investments from '19 into '18, they should start generating a little bit more in '19, then even more in '20. So it is a 3-year growth of algorithm to get to the $400 million where we continue to see a clear path to the $400 million. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. From a dollar standpoint, Ken, don't forget that last year would have had the C-stores in our OG&A rate and they're disposed of now in our dollars. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We were up a little bit in the second quarter. I would say the second quarter is probably more a function of, in the prior year, we would have had some bonus accrual reductions because of the year it was at -- where the year was heading that we didn't enjoy this year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you think about that margin rate in Q4, I'm more comfortable doing that than listing out the effects in any one quarter of some of those things because 1 quarter is not an indication of where they go long term. The one I did call out is Kroger Specialty Pharmacy. It's a very profitable business. It has a very low margin rate. But because of the individual cost of those prescriptions for the patients, it generates very strong gross margin dollars which is why we're in that business. And as that business continues to grow, it will be a headwind. That one alone was a double-digit basis point headwind, but I won't give the exact amount. When you think about the fourth quarter, you should probably think about the fourth quarter change in gross margin rate the way we talk about that basis point change being more similar to the second quarter than the third quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you look at the hurricane impacts, it would have been a little bit of a headwind to ID sales. We didn't necessarily call it out primarily because it wasn't that dramatic, but it was several basis points of a headwind. More than a couple, but it's not like it was 20- or 30- basis points. So -- but it was meaningful, but not directionally going to change the answer. If you look at your question on inflation, deflation, I'm looking at my chart here. I have 30-year-olds that make a chart for their eyes, not my eyes. So if you look at inflation, deflation without fuel and pharmacy, on a cost basis, we had about 11- basis points of inflation. If you put pharmacy back into the mix, we had about 22- basis points of inflation. So a very benign environment. It ranges around the categories of who had some inflation and deflation, and there were some categories that had a little bit of inflation and others that had a fair amount of deflation. 
J. Schlotman: So we actually have about $1.1 billion of long-term debt that is now classified as current coming due in, call it, the next 90 days -- or next 60 days. Some this month, some next month that we would anticipate refinancing that in the market. We do have forward -- we have forward starting swaps against both of the types of debt we would wind up expecting to issue at very favorable rates. The 30-years hedge is almost 100- basis points below where the 30-year is today, and the 10-years hedge is not quite that strongly but almost as strongly. We haven't decided exactly what we'll do with the term loan. It is -- some of our banks like the business, some don't like the business, but we certainly would have enough capacity with commercial paper to be able to use commercial paper to pay off the term loan if we chose to. So we'll have -- we always have a financial policy committee meeting with our board in January and we'll discuss our plans of how much flexibility do we want. If we rolled over the term loan, it keeps more revolver capacity so you can handle fluctuations day-to-day. Relative to the net total debt-to-EBITDA range, we are always in contact with the rating agencies. They understand what our program is and we are executing against the program we've described to them relative to them keeping our ratings where they are. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I wouldn't -- I don't know if I would be as strong in the comment that they clearly accelerated. If you go back to each of the quarters so far this year, we talked at the end of the first quarter that we started making the pull forward investments in the fourth quarter. So from that standpoint, what we were pulling forward from '19 into '18, it's a fair assessment that beginning then, we did make those pull forward investments. I wouldn't characterize the third quarter as a big uptick in what our price investments plans were for the year. It's just that we continue to make the price investments throughout the year and it's more a function of how we made price investments last year a little bit choppier than we did this year. 
J. Schlotman: So we continue to be happy with what we're seeing from the results of the plan. It's not a single plan. It's not a single investment. So as with anything, when you make price investments in a wide range of things, there are those out there that you probably are getting more volume than you expected and some, not quite as much. Not everyone is perfect, but we're constantly stepping back and assessing all the results. Overall, I would say we're very happy with what our investments are giving us. I don't want to give the appearance that each and every one of them is perfect because that probably wouldn't be believable, but we are very happy with the collection of them. And the ones that are doing well, we do more of. And the ones that aren't quite so well, we try to tweak and -- or see what else might work. 
J. Schlotman: I wouldn't -- it's obvious from some of the questions out there that there is this notion that when fuel profitability is very strong, we invest more in price and that's driving our gross margin down. I actually don't think that's true for this particular calendar year. We had a price program in place as part of Restock Kroger. We knew what we wanted to invest this year. Washington gave us a Tax Reform Act that lowered our cash taxes. We elected to pull some of our investments from '19 into '18 to get that expense behind us in the first year. The lower taxes start to drive better growth in those categories as we get into '19. I don't -- I wouldn't say that we've made any big moves on pricing as a result of strong fuel margins, it's just where everything shakes out. 
J. Schlotman: I think when you look at our workforce overall, whether you're unionized or nonunionized, when I look at -- because not 100% of Kroger is unionized. And when I look at overall results in a unionized market versus a non-unionized market, whether it's -- at the end of the day, the OG&A rate and what you pay associates to perform their jobs, when you look at your employee relations, employee satisfaction, there's really not a tremendous difference between those, particularly in the wages. But we offer all of our associates a great health care option and if they're in a union, they're in a more defined benefit plan. If they're not in the union, they would be -- some of them will be in a defined benefit plan, but some are in a defined contribution plan. So it's really a mix of benefits inside those. When I look at some of the home delivery and the online stuff that you refer to, there's a lot of cost in that system that everybody can point to and say how you're going to do it. It's one of the reasons we joined up with Ocado to build the fulfillment centers that we're going to start building, and we announced the first one here in Cincinnati. While there are certain costs that will add as a part of the total supply chain for the customer, there are other parts of that cost that will come out of the supply chain -- more efficient picking because it's done robotically, it's done significantly faster on a 50-item order compared to how long it takes a 50-item order inside the store. I don't take product from the manufacturer to the warehouse to the store. I take it from the manufacturer to the Ocado warehouse, and then it goes right from there to a customer. So there's different efficiencies which is, overall, why we think that's going to help offset some of the costs people are worried about. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I would say no. I don't really see a lot out there. I know there's a lot of noise in the marketplace about CPG companies pushing price increases through and the like. Over time, that -- we'll see where that goes and how everybody winds up reacting to it. Keep in mind, when we talk about inflation, deflation, it's relative to Kroger and not marketplace forces necessarily. So it's our cost of goods this year versus our cost of goods last year. And as everybody knows, a key component of driving the $400 million of operating profit over the next 3 years is continued improvement in cost of goods. So some of that deflation is actually doing things to get better pricing inside Kroger and that may not be something that's replicated at other places. 
J. Schlotman: When you look at, overall, the basket value grew a little bit in the quarter, and that's primarily a result of mix of what's going inside the basket. When you look at transactions in the quarter, when you add in all of the entities, it was up a little bit in the quarter as well. 
Kenneth Goldman: In the past, around this time of year, you've provided some initial thoughts about the upcoming fiscal year, at least, on some occasions. Mike, at the Investor Day, you did say, I think, 2019 has to have some, I think, the word you used was decent operating profit margin dollars. I just wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what you're expecting next year? Or in general for next year, are there any unique tailwinds, headwinds we should be thinking about? Just opening up that topic if we can. 
Kenneth Goldman: And then a follow-up. If I look at your SG&A dollars and -- they were down year-on-year if I exclude the one-time pension contribution last year, some extra weeks, it actually was down for the first time in at least 22 years according to my model. So I realize you're gaining efficiencies in store associates, I get that Personal Finance is a contrast SG&A item, but I'm still not 100% sure why that decline was so sudden. I mean, your SG&A came in $200 million below where The Street was. So can you help us understand a little bit of what the big dramatic change was in the quarter or maybe I'm just -- we're all just modeling it wrong and didn't see something. 
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. But last quarter, in 2Q, it was still -- you still were up year-on-year with SG&A, so it was a little bit more of a dramatic change. I could follow it up off-line if it's -- I don't want to hold everyone up on the call. 
