David Dillon: Kroger’s third quarter results demonstrate that our team continues to perform well in a tough environment. If we step back and look at our results in the broad context of our Customer First strategy and our journey to create sustainable value for shareholders, I think we’ve accomplished a great deal. Our associates have weathered significant change in economic conditions and delivered steady results throughout. We firmly believe that taking care of our customers is the best way to create value for our shareholders. Whenever we delight our customers and exceed their expectations with lower prices, a faster and friendly checkout, or an amazing floral arrangement for a special occasion, we’re building loyalty and investing in the future growth of our business.  At the same time, we’re focused on creating a sustainable business model that rewards shareholders through solid near-term and future earnings growth, share repurchases, debt reduction, and dividends. Kroger continues to deliver value today while investing thoughtfully in our future. This is how we can ensure long-term success for our company and our shareholders. We now look forward to your questions.
David Dillon: Sure, be happy to. First, let me give you a perspective. If you look at the year, we went from a 24 this last quarter, 27 the quarter before and 24 in the first quarter. The 27 in that quarter, second quarter, included the Memorial Day holiday that was not in the preceding year, so it’s a little bit overstated. The way we look at it is we think we’ve had steady identical sales really through the year and I put it in the context of the four factors we talked about today and that we talked about the beginning of the year – that with the environment that we’re operating in, we did expect to have some caution in where those sales might be. But what we actually feel we’ve done is come out about the middle of the range we guided to, all the way to the present time. Now if you look at just the last few weeks, that might be helpful to you also. We indicated in the earlier comments that so far in our fourth quarter, in the first three and a half weeks or so in the fourth quarter, our current IDs without fuel are a little bit above the range we’ve given for the whole year, so that means we’re above the 3%. You’ve heard recently some other retailers describe some of their holiday sales just recently, and so to give you some context for us, our October business was better really than the average for the third quarter, so we were picking up at the end of the quarter. And the November business, which would include the last week of our third quarter and these first three and a half weeks that I’ve described, we’re better yet than October. So we’re seeing much the same kind of a pattern that’s been described by the retailers. Now, you wouldn’t see quite the high variability in a grocery food operator than you would in a non-food operator, but we’ve still seen that same general pattern. The caution that we have is that we’ve seen some variability among consumer spending really through the year where there are individual weeks or individual periods of time that can only be explained by consumers thinking they want to spend and then changing their mind and becoming a little more cautious; and we don’t see anything in the environment that causes us to change what that picture might look like.
David Dillon: Again, I would back way up and look at the year as a whole and look at those four factors we talked about and the variability in those, the cautious customers. And if you had told me at the beginning of the year that of the four factors, that we’d have significant headwind on three of the four, and all but fuel really has been a headwind rather than a tailwind, I actually would have suggested guiding more to the bottom half of our guidance instead of the top half of our guidance. But as it’s turned out, even though we’ve had that headwind, I think our associates and our organization and our Customer First strategy have proven to be very resilient and have shown good, solid performance. Now I think the comparison to last year is a little bit difficult because we had some erratic numbers—differences from one quarter to the other last year, but on the whole I’m actually pleased with the directional position we’re in. I’m pleased at the results that we achieved in the quarter, and I look at it as a more favorable outcome given the environment that all of us are operating in.
David Dillon: Yes, we have a slight increase in the average sale, that is the total sales divided by customer so you get an idea of what each person buys. The increase, it’s just slight. It’s like three quarters of 1%. And our transaction count, which is just the raw count of transactions going through the register, was up over 2% for the quarter, so you can see it was driven much more by that. If you look at our dunnhumby data, it’s the same thing – our results, our identical sales were driven by increasing number of loyal households and increasing number of total households. Now, it’ also a good sign, we think, that our loyal households grew at a faster pace than our total households grew, and that’s always good news in our mind; but that was driven by a growing number of people who were shopping with Kroger. 
David Dillon: I don’t have that in front of me, and I’m not sure we’re going to want to add comments to that, unless you want to add anything.
David Dillon: Well, I hear—part of your question seems to me is to what extent do we think we can pass through costs as they are passed to us by our national brand vendors. Is that the essence of what you’re asking?Robert Ohmes – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I guess I was trying to ask that in a sneaky way, but maybe just some color on how you do that in loyal versus—
David Dillon: Well I’d be happy—I mean, I’ll give the answer to that straight up, is that when it comes to grocery-branded products, it’s fairly clear what we’re doing and how we’re approaching this is that as we have cost increases to us, whether it’s list cost or reduction of promotional spending, we are passing that through to our customers as the vendors give it to us. And therefore, in my opinion, what the consumer does with that is purely in the hands of the national vendors. So some items you will see when, if you raise prices, you will end up with less tonnage; and the vendors who raise those prices are going to have to deal with what happens with lower tonnage. I think the dynamics of whether they will spend more in promotional money or not will be almost an audible call on the field at the time by the vendors on what do they see in movement and what do they think they need to do. And some, I think, will respond by adding money to promotional spending, and some will respond by saying I guess I’ll take my lumps with the lower tonnage and just get through it.  But all of that spells the same picture, is that we view those choices as in the vendors’ hands. We push back where we think it’s appropriate to push back, but remember, we sell lots of other products; so when somebody raises a price on something and we pass it on to the customer, if that tonnage goes down, the customer most likely will switch to something else that we sell. Sometimes it’s Kroger brand, sometimes it’s a competing national brand; but in each case, our view is that the decision of retail price in that regard is up to them—up to the vendor, and we think we’re going to be able to pass through those and have so far shown success in doing that.
David Dillon: That’s why really we’re happy to be selling more national brands and selling more Kroger brands. We like both of those sales.
David Dillon: I think that you’ve correctly identified the two thought processes. If the categories you’re talking about are the perishable categories, and in that I would include fluid milk, you’re talking about something that varies regularly, sometimes daily, on prices; highly competitive, changes the tonnage rather quickly when you change your retail prices, and those get balanced out however they get balanced out through the year. Sometimes you end up worse off because of the competitive pressure; sometimes you end up better off, but whatever it is, that ends up being how it works out. The other category are the dry grocery or the branded products, and on those products I think you should think of that as a category almost unto itself. And the reason I describe it differently is because when you’re talking about being able to pass through prices, generally you’re really talking about – or should be talking about, I think – about when a vendor is giving us a cost increase that they’ve chosen to make, sometimes it’s driven by underlying commodity costs, sometimes not. And in those cases, I think it behaves very predictably, and that’s the inflation that we were referring to at the beginning of the year that we thought we’d see a little bit of as opposed to not seeing inflation.  I actually separate the perishables and, while I don’t ignore it, for purposes of whether we passed it through or not, I do. And so I think you’ve got to look at it that way, and I think that picture will roll out the same next year. We don’t know whether we’ll see the inflation or not. That’s a high variable for next year, but we definitely think that that’s a question that will have to be answered as we go through the year.
David Dillon: We’re seeing a lot of variability among our customers. Some customers have—for their world, things have improved, and the picture we described last quarter is the same picture I would describe today. Boars head meats have improved their sales; high-end wines have improved their sales, as examples. Nutrition, we already identified that as improving. Starbucks have increased their identical sales within our stores. All of those are examples of for some individuals, at least for those purchases, they see their world has changed a little because all those categories had suffered during the beginning of the recession. At the same time, though, we’re still seeing increases from the year before in food stamps used to purchase groceries. The percent of our business done on food stamps on the whole has continued to rise. It’s at an all-time high and roughly double—a little bit more than double, actually, where it was just a short three years ago or so. And those customers obviously are still suffering and having a difficult time making ends meet. So we’re customers all across the board in lots of different ways. Now across geography, as we mentioned, 16 of our 18 divisions had positive identical sales results, and of course there was some variability among those too. Of the two remaining, one was essentially flat and the other was just slightly down, and in some of those markets anyway I can see some economic headwind in the local markets that could help explain some of that result. So I don’t know if that helps give you a little more color, but that’s how we see the picture today.
David Dillon: We can give you examples of CBG companies that are doing every behavior that you can describe, so yeah, there are some that are doing what you’re suggesting. On the whole, you could say that what we’re seeing is some additional spending, but we do continue to see list costs by many of the vendors going up and we continue to hear the comments and the sort of chatter in the outfield is that they believe, given some of the commodity cost increases they’ve experienced, that they need to pass some of that through. It’s just that we haven’t seen it yet. But that’s the same exact picture we’ve been hearing now for a couple of quarters, and I walked in today, I had the same conversation this morning here just to make sure that I had current information. And we have every reason to believe that CBG vendors want to increase their costs but very few of them really are actually doing it.
David Dillon: Right.John Feeney – Janney Capital Markets: Yes, but I mean—I guess—I think that’s a totally fair comment, David, about how things should be and how things have been and will be over the long run. But over the near term, we think about some of this aggressive promotional activity by—you know, when people get a little bit panicked and want to, say, grocers that are not comping positively want to try to get some customers. I mean, that’s one thing you can reach for. I guess at the margin, has there been any change in that activity over the—just, say, the past three months? Have you seen less promotion in, like—
David Dillon: I don’t think it’s been materially different than it had been before. I think that’s why we described the competitive environment as continuing to be intense, but not worse. But it’s certainly not better either. I don’t think there’s much difference. John Feeney – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, that’s fair. Thank you, Dave.
David Dillon: Well it sounds like from your question, Neil, that you’re defining recovery as a return to the previous gross margin percent.
David Dillon: Okay, operating margin. I believe, though, the way I would see recovery is in what happens with our sales over time and then what happens with our margin over time, not just the year to year. But look at the recession we’ve just gone through and think about the results of many of our competitors that had some rather serious declines from where they had been running in profit and operating profit. We didn’t have such—we had declines but not as serious of a decline, and as things begin to recover, that means our recovery, at least back to the par, isn’t going to snap back quite as abruptly. But our potential for the future, I think, is much greater because we have something to work with. We’ve got identical sales to work with, we’ve got customers who are rather permanently loyal customers at Kroger that continue to grow, and that gives us something to work with to which you can apply that operating profit margin. So I think it’s a combination of the improved operating profit margin, which we’ve seen some of, which we expect to see gradually more of over time, and the improvement in our customer traffic, customer behavior. Those two working together actually does give you the recovery that we’re seeking.
David Dillon: Thank you, Neil, and before we end the call though today, I do have a special message for all our associates who we encourage and invite to listen in. First, I’d like to recognize Paul Scutt, Senior Vice President of Retail Operations for his leadership and contributions to Kroger. Paul recently announced his plans to retire in February after a distinguished 45-year career with our company. He’s been a driving force behind Kroger’s safety, productivity and cost control improvements through the years, and we’re grateful for his influence on our business. We wish Paul and his wife Carol all the best and we’ll miss seeing him on a daily basis. I also want to thank all our associates for delivering on our Customer First strategy once again. Each of you play a unique part in achieving the positive results we announced today. The changing economy has affected each of us in some way and it has affected some of our customers more than others. We remain committed to serving all our customers, those who continue to shop on a tight budget, those who feel more confident in their spending, and everyone in between. Thank you for your special efforts every day to give each customer a warm welcome and a fantastic shopping experience. With two months remaining in our fiscal year, we need all of your individual efforts to finish strong in the fourth quarter. No matter where you work – in our supermarkets, our manufacturing plants, our warehouses, convenience stores, jewelry stores, fuel centers, or even the offices – you help make the holidays special for our customers. So I hope each of you have a wonderful and safe holiday season with family and friends. Merry Christmas and happy holidays.  Thank you all for joining us.
Michael Schlotman: Yeah, I won’t get very specific on what we expect in the fourth quarter. I won’t predict if it’s going to be up or down. We did give guidance in our 8-K that we filed today for operating margin for the full year, and we actually expect the operating margin to be similar for the full year to where it is for the year-to-date. If you think about three quarters in, all but three periods, it takes a pretty big change in the fourth quarter either up or down to change the year-to-date third quarter results, and that’s where we would expect.  Scott, when you look at the two-year stacks, you’re correct that in the second quarter our two-year stack was about 101 basis points or so of investment in selling gross margin, and our two-year stack now is about 122 basis points. Keep in mind, we did say in our prepared remarks that the two-year—if you look at the average of the two years in the third quarter, that is within the range that we would expect to see on an annual kind of basis. What we have to do a better job at year-in, year-out is to not have 122—or 109 one quarter and 13 the next quarter, but to make it more ratable each and every year and each and every quarter so that you don’t see the fluctuations. 
Michael Schlotman: Yeah, I don’t know—my view, Karen, is everybody always wants –and I’ll let Rodney give a little more color to this, but one of the things everybody has to keep in mind is a selling gross reduction doesn’t indicate a level of promotional activity. We’re trying to be very cognizant of how we go to market from a promotional standpoint. Our selling gross is intended to be permanent investments we make in giving our customers a better price day in, day out; and it’s driven as much by that as any particular promotional activity that we’re reacting to. What Rodney just said – our investments aren’t reflective of reacting to something that happens in the market. It’s our commitment to continuing to give our customers a better price day in, day out over time.
Michael Schlotman: Sure. If you look at the two-year stack and average that on an annual basis, it’s in the 50 to 60 basis point range, and that is what we would desire to be able to reduce selling gross margin on an annual basis by and not have it be lumpy and have it 109 like it was last year’s third quarter and 13 like it is this year’s quarter, but have that be more in the 50, 60 basis points on a more regular basis. If you look at ’08, we had quarters as low as 9 and as high as 59; and if you look at ’07, we had one quarter were it actually went up and another quarter with a 48 basis point investment. So it has been erratic, but if you look at it—the way we try to look at it is to be in that kind of a range on an average annual basis each quarter.
Michael Schlotman: Yeah, you also have—I wouldn’t say it’s a fundamental shift. That’s kind of our desire, and as Rodney said, our overall desire is to grow the operating margin; and we won’t manage the business to be in the 50 to 60 basis point range if we can’t find cost savings to pay for that. There is the desire and then how we’ll manage the business over time, and our goal is to grow the operating margin over time.
Michael Schlotman: Usually we would see cost pressures faster in corporate brands than we do national brands because we’re actually procuring the raw materials.
Michael Schlotman: Well, it’s—the guidance for the year is basically where we are year-to-date, slightly under 35%. It’s—again, you never know if there’s a tax contingency going to go for you or against you on a quarterly basis. It’s up to folks other than us. 
Rodney McMullen: The other thing that I would add on top of that, if you look at the third quarter – and Dave mentioned it – is really balancing reduction in selling gross with our reduction in OG&A. And that’s really what we’re trying to do and get the leverage on rent and depreciation where we do have a slight expansion in operating margin which drives the earnings growth. But the other thing that Dave mentioned earlier is the volatility that we have from week to week is still significantly more than what we would have had in the past, and we’re really trying to make sure that we deal with those appropriately as we have those swings that are really based on what the customer is doing, not changing in competitive situation with the market. It’s really customer-based changes.Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Rodney McMullen: If you look at it within the quarter, it would be pretty consistent. The other thing that you always have to factor in is changes in mix. Obviously there are some products that we sell that have higher gross margins than others, which would also affect it; but if you look at the 13 basis points overall, it’s pretty consistent with where we expect it to be, and it was pretty consistent across the quarters. It would not have been driven by just promotional activity.Karen Short – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so looking at as you started the quarter, did you maybe have expectations that the environment would ease in the quarter and that you would be able to have a slightly less of a reduction in the selling gross; or, I mean, was this something that was in plan—in place well ahead of the quarter? I’m just trying to get a gauge.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, I would say the plan is really more tied to what we were hoping and expecting for reducing costs by, and that’s really how we’re factoring in how much we think we can afford to spend from a gross standpoint. So it’s really looking at selling gross and cost reductions together in terms of where we anticipate those to be, and trying to make sure those two are in balance.
Rodney McMullen: Certainly if you look at it relative to as we started out the third quarter. Now, if you looked at it when we set out our objectives for the whole year in 2010, we were expecting in the second half of the year to have a little more inflation than what we’re seeing, a little more job growth than what we’re seeing, and an economy that was improving rather than just really staying kind of flat and stagnant. So when you look at it in March when we set out the original goals and objectives for 2010, we would have expected the second half of the year to look better than what it was in the third quarter, what it looks like the fourth quarter will be.Karen Short – BMO Capital Markets: Right, that’s fair. Okay. And then just wondering if you could comment on the comp. Could you just decompose it a little bit between traffic and basket; and then in terms of what you are now seeing in the fourth quarter – where is the improvement coming from? Thanks.
Rodney McMullen: Well, let’s just say we wouldn’t have that level of detail yet relative to the last three weeks. That’s stuff that really comes out on a four-week cycle, so we really don’t have that level of detail. If you look at the raw numbers that Dave referenced initially, the mix would still continue to be strong both between what people are spending, the number of visits, and spending per visit. So so far, a nice balance.Karen Short – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rodney McMullen: I would just add one other comment to Dave’s, and you’ve heard us talk about this before, but we think it’s one of the really important parts of having such a strong corporate brand program overall. Any time a vendor puts a cost through that is not tied to the true economic costing changes, our private label always gains share; and it’s a lot harder for the national brand to get it back once somebody’s tried the corporate brand item. So for us, we believe that’s a huge advantage for us by having such a strong corporate brand program really across all categories, because whenever there is a cost increase that’s not tied to the true economics, over time it shows up in market share change.
Rodney McMullen: I wouldn’t say that you see much change in behavior in that regard, no.Robert Ohmes – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, but I wouldn’t just look at selling gross by itself. One of the things we’re really trying to strive to do is be more consistent in terms of from quarter to quarter so we don’t have the volatility as much; and making sure that we’re really tying changes in selling gross to changes in taking costs out of our business. And that’s the reason why we think it’s so important looking at the operating margin; and when you look at the operating margin, that we do strive to have slightly increasing over time because that really that will flow through and create good value in earnings growth for our shareholders.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, when we first started this whole process, we didn’t really put a governor on it, but the governor on it today is what do we find in costs. And while that not be quarter to quarter - we’re looking at a little longer term than that – on an annual basis, that’s our effort. That’s our focus, is to try to balance us out a little bit better.
Rodney McMullen: I think it would really tie into the comments that Dave made before. So far we’ve been pleased with where we are. It wouldn’t have been nearly as messy this year as last year, but it’s still early in the quarter. We still have eight and a half weeks left, and the volatility that we see from week to week and day to day continues to be high, so so far we’re happy with where we are. It wasn’t the mess that it was a year ago, but it’s still too early to declare success, I would say.
Rodney McMullen: No. If you remember a year ago, we talked about Thanksgiving was really tough and was the most difficult part of the quarter. The balance of the quarter was actually better, so it was really around the Thanksgiving period that would have been the worst. The other two holidays were pretty normal.
Rodney McMullen: The only thing I’d add that makes things a little more complicated – if you think about some of the areas that Dave talked about improving, on boars head and some of those areas, some of that is also driven by people brown-bagging or taking their lunch to work, because you go to a Kroger’s store, pick up everything you need for lunch for $1 or $2 and have a very good lunch versus spending $4 or $5 if you go out somewhere, maybe $6. So some of that growth, I think, is because people are brown-bagging more, some of those kind of things too.
Rodney McMullen: No. I mean, the volatility would be a little bit more in perishables but at the end of the day, the profitability really doesn’t change that much. But the weekly volatility would be more.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, Neil, I think over time we would continue to expect to get the operating cost savings to pay for the investments and to be able to have the identical food store sales to leverage the numbers. Your correct that in the back half of last year, it’s really the back half of last year that’s causing the two-year stack deterioration; and as Dave said earlier, I think the trend in idents this year when you move Memorial Day and equalize the first quarter and second quarter, we’re actually quite consistent on identical food store sales this year.  One thing I do want to point out on the earnings per share where you take out the tax and it grew 11%, there were some unusual items in the OG&A as well. If you notice in the quarter, rent on the income statement went up this year versus a trend where it had been going down. We booked about $5 million of expense for some stores in northern California when Ralphs exited northern California or the subtenant defaulted on it, so that’s in the quarter as well; and there were some reserves put up for certain litigation issues as well. Just those two items entirely offset the benefit of the tax benefit, so that’s one of the reasons we were happy with the overall results in the quarter. Now, it was an 18% increase and you shouldn’t expect an 18% increase over time, but we think fundamentally it was a strong quarter in earnings per share growth, particularly given an environment where three of the four factors that we laid out at the beginning of the year could cause us to be at the low end of the range, and in fact we’ve narrowed our range and have continued to target above the midpoint of the original range. We think we’ve balanced it quite well in this environment, and—
Rodney McMullen: Well, it’s almost—it’s about a penny and a half, and the tax benefit was about a penny and a half, just those items. We don’t go into those details on our releases or our call because the way we look at it, we’re a big company. The tax is volatile; you can’t predict it; and there’s other things that happen positively and negatively over time, and we don’t like to talk about them but those two did offset the tax benefit and I don’t want all the headlines to be we only made the quarter because of the tax benefit because there were some offsetting things in there. But it’s always like that.  Dave, I don’t know if you have anything else to.
