W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. What a terrific start to our year. Our merger with Harris Teeter is going exceptionally well. We are learning a lot from Harris Teeter associates, and our business is performing well. And we're even more excited about Harris Teeter's people and the opportunity today than we were when we first merged. Across our company, our associates' remarkably consistent execution continues to generate consistently remarkable results for our shareholders. We will continue building on this resilient foundation to grow aggressively into the future.  And now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Well, the first question on overall price investment, we're continuing to look at the markets we do business in and deciding where we want to be positioned. Also, we look at categories within the store and try to determine where we want to be priced relative to competition or the market. But private label, there's several ways we look at private label pricing. One would be how it's related to the branded product. And in some cases, it might be priced with the competition in a way that keeps us on our pricing strategy and keeps us relevant. It really depends upon the item and the market. 
W. McMullen: We've been through most categories and made some sort of adjustments over the last several years in pricing, but we're still looking at pricing overall and where we're positioned and making decisions on where we want to be. 
W. McMullen: Yes, we wouldn't see anything unusual versus what it's been running, and we would continue to be slightly above our guidance range in terms of, so far, this quarter and very similar to the first quarter. 
W. McMullen: For the year on a year-on-year basis, yes. They will be in that kind of a range because of the Harris Teeter depreciation, as well as the debt we took on for Harris Teeter. And then obviously, next year, we'll return to a more normal level. The other one that's a little different than what we've historically reported is rent as a rate of sales because the large majority of the Harris Teeter stores are leased, not owned like ours, so that affects that line as well, and we break that line out separately. 
W. McMullen: Well, I don't know if there's any particular area that has a higher mix of natural foods. We tend to -- it's a strategy for the company to improve our natural foods offering across the country, so any of our new stores or remodels, we try to be aggressive on natural foods positioning and the amount of products we carry. So it's pretty much throughout the country, and it's definitely a strategy of ours, and it's really connecting well with customers right now. 
W. McMullen: Scott, as you know, if you look at our fill-in markets, that is the first part of that, and it's really -- if we look at the returns from that, the higher our market share, the higher our ROIC. So that's really the first phase of that is we're increasingly getting aggressive on fill-in markets. And that's -- we're very pleased with the early result. In terms of new markets, by merging with Harris Teeter, we really view that is going into several new markets. And as I've mentioned in the call, one of the things that we're really excited about is the market share opportunity, growth opportunity that Harris Teeter has, and we will aggressively partner and support growing in several of those markets as well. So from our perspective, that is going on the road with it in the context of where we think we see the highest return with the capital that we've allocated. 
W. McMullen: We're not even 2 years in the 8% to 11%, Scott. Let us get comfortable and used to this one for a little bit. But as you know, the key to our growth rate is being sales-led in growing our business and then continuing to executing against our model. So I agree with Mike. Give us a little time, but that's really how we're trying to drive to grow our business. 
W. McMullen: Yes, there were clearly a couple different moves here, Meredith, both of which came together in the same quarter. The folks in the Pacific Northwest, there were actually 2 separate moves with those folks. They're continuing -- their accrued liability moved into the consolidated UFCW plan that we established a couple years ago. So we took their historical liability that they've already earned into that company-managed UFCW plan. Their future benefits are being accrued in the sound plan, and it's not a sound plan from a financial standpoint, although it's very well-funded. It's called a sound fund in the Pacific Northwest. So that was a group of retail associates. The second move was a group of King Soopers pharmacists who happen to be unionized. Same thing, we moved their obligation, and it was actually through the negotiating process with them where they had the desire to go into our 401(k) plan and be able to manage their investments themselves and accrue those dollars and move them around as they see fit, and that one was really associate-driven at the negotiating table. I will tell you we have some high-level talent dedicated to this effort. In fact, if you remember, a year or so ago, we moved Scott Henderson, who was our Treasurer, and he spent a good chunk of his time, one, he manages our entire pension investment program, both of the -- all 3 of the K plan, the company plan and the UFCW plan, as well as spends a lot of time with our labor negotiators trying to do this. Our view is we're trying to be proactive on this front, not reactive. And we think by being proactive, it's the best thing for our associates, not only for the pension they've already earned but for the pension that they would expect to earn going forward. 
W. McMullen: Perhaps. You never know what's going to happen in the negotiation. All I know is the unions and Kroger both have a desire to continue conversations to try to come up with creative solutions to secure -- to help secure the benefits they've already earned and give them a decent benefit accrual going forward as well. 
W. McMullen: It helped the quarter, but it wasn't the driver for the quarter by no means. And as you know, we always budget fuel margins kind of the same this year as the prior year. And over time, that always seems to come out pretty close to right. Along the way, there's, as Mike mentioned, quite a bit of volatility. 
W. McMullen: Mike Ellis, on his prepared comments, talked about it a little bit. I can tell you that Mike Ellis and the operators are spending quite a bit of time trying to understand exactly how Harris Teeter does that. Mike, you're in the middle of all of that. 
W. McMullen: Well, all of our large stores have some selection of general merchandise, including apparel, in all of our future plans and remodels that we're working on. And we're really pleased with the results, pleased with sales per square foot and pleased with customers' reaction to the product offering. So it is part of our strategy going forward. 
W. McMullen: Not today. We would expect to take the Harris Teeter click and collect, as Mike mentioned, to other -- to do it in another market. We like what we're seeing there. 
W. McMullen: We really wouldn't get into that level of detail in terms of how much of the 4.6% is driven by that. Mike did mention that all departments were positive identicals. 
W. McMullen: I think it's all of the above. There's been lower prices in a lot of areas in natural foods, so it's bringing new customers to the category. But certainly, people are more health-conscious for their family and the things that they consume. So a lot of our customer insights are driving a lot of the decisions on what we carry and what we put into our stores. And they are – customer is shouting that this is something they're really interested in, so it's a big focus for us. 
W. McMullen: Jason, it's a great question, and it's one that if you were in the room, you'd see us smiling at each other because it's pretty similar to what it was because the fortunate part, we keep adding new customers. So if you look at the loyal shoppers that have been loyal for a while, we continue -- that 50% would probably be more like 70% to 75%. Fortunately, we keep growing our customers, so you have new loyal customers coming in. So when you look at the blend of existing loyals and new loyals, it's still around the 50%. 
W. McMullen: Obviously, natural foods helps on that, but it's really across the whole store that we're picking up that customer, including the fresh departments, produce, meat, deli, bakery, seafood. 
W. McMullen: You should assume that our original guidance, our updated guidance would have the same base assumptions for the Harris Teeter contributions to the year. I did mention that Harris Teeter is performing consistent -- a little bit better but not a lot in terms of the analysis that we used when we were working on the merger. So we're pleased with where they're tracking, and it would be consistent with what we shared before. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's really very, very early in that process. And what we're doing is the synergies, as we accomplish them, Harris Teeter is taking that money and giving it back to the customers. So it's really giving the customers something back from the merger and some of the savings, and Mike mentioned insurance, for example. 
W. McMullen: The one thing that -- if you look at last year by quarter, the fourth quarter actually was a little better than the trend had been. It wasn't driven by weather, but it was helped by weather. And as we start cycling some of those things, until you actually cycle them, obviously, you don't know where you are. Now we'll always hope that we're a little conservative, but until you get there, it is our best estimate at this point it time. I don't know, Mike or Mike, you want to... 
W. McMullen: Well, there is investment. We're seeing competitive investment in natural foods. For us, we've positioned natural foods in different parts of the store now. You'll find soy milks, almond milks in the regular dairy case and things like that. So we're just trying to answer what the customer wants and have products available at a price they're willing to pay and in a location that they're happy to find them. So but competitively, yes, we've seen a little bit of move but not much. 
W. McMullen: Yes, we just recently introduced, I'm glad you caught that, a new line of premium pet foods. And it should be in every store in Kroger, I would hope. That is the plan. And sales have started out strong, we're pleased with it. Glad you caught that. Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. Earlier this month, we introduced the Taste of Mexico event in all our stores. We hope our associates are enjoying this fun celebration of Mexican food with our customers, including in-store sampling, creative displays and special activities. I know I've enjoyed visiting our stores across the country and seeing the creativity, passion and enthusiasm from our associates for the Taste of Mexico. This special event is the first of a series of celebrations of foods of the world in our stores and runs through June 24.  Our associates' passion for doing good is evident in the way we serve our customers and neighbors in the communities where we live and work every day. This month, we honor our associates' efforts in serving our communities and those in need. We are pleased to recognize in our 2013 annual report 28 associates across the company for their outstanding volunteer service as recipients of The Kroger's 2013 Community Service Award. These women and men give their time and talent on our veterans, feed the homeless, raise money to fight cancer and bringing music to mentally challenged, among many other causes. We are grateful for their commitment. A big heartfelt thank you to all our associates who volunteer. Mike and I are proud of the work you do. You make a big difference for so many others and the communities we call home. Thank you. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining us. 
J. Schlotman: It's really tough. If you look at the cadence of comps during the first quarter, the first 4 weeks of the quarter were a little bit stronger than the rest of the quarter but not remarkably high. In the second, third and fourth periods, the second and third were affected by the Easter shift. If you kind of normalize Easter between the 2 periods, they were very, very close to one another. So I don't think there was a huge bump in the first quarter as a result of weather. It certainly helped, but it's not what made the 4.6% strong. The second, third and fourth on a combined basis certainly contributed to the results as well. 
J. Schlotman: No, that pretty much sums it up. There's been some mix changes in what people are buying, it looks like. But overall, it's been strong all across the board. 
J. Schlotman: Okay. So you are correct, Scott. And you also noticed that we went to 1 decimal place instead of 2 decimal places. So the way that works, it's rolling 4 quarters calculations, so your denominator becomes the average assets at the beginning and the end of the year. So you effectively have half of Harris Teeter's assets in there because of that averaging but only 1 quarter of their EBITDA. We'll get more and more of their assets and more and more of their EBITDA as we go throughout the year. So we did it a couple ways. If you look at it just the way this calculation is, it was about 2 basis points down. If you pro forma Harris Teeter in there for the whole time frame, it was about 2 basis points up. So we just decided that rather than try to confuse it, we're going to call it the 13.5% until the end of the year, and then we'll go back to 2 decimal places, I would think. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we won't give specifics, and obviously, when we talked in the fourth quarter, we said we would -- we gave guidance with Harris Teeter in it. We were pleased with where Harris Teeter's numbers was. It was consistent with the budget, and that's true for EBITDA as well. But I won't give specifics in terms of how effective the overall total Kroger number other than it wasn't much. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we're kind of expecting in the range where we saw in the first quarter to hold true for the year. I figured inflation was going to come back up again, so I actually flipped to a page in our – you've see me carrying the bluebook around the conferences, Karen. If you look at some interesting things, and without fuel and pharmacy, last year's inflation cadence was 1.7%, 1.6%, 1.5% and 0.8%. And everybody's concerned about inflation right now. In our first quarter, that same metric was 1.8%. Grocery inflation in this year's first quarter was actually lower than grocery inflation in last year's first quarter, and pharmacy and meat and produce are basically in the same range. So this isn't a world we've lived in, and it's not a huge shift, really, from where we were about the same time last year. We're comfortable managing the business in an inflationary environment like we have today and think we're going to see this continue. There's some grain prices out there that are favorable. Milk looks like it's peaked, and it's going to start to come down a little bit, which will help the grocery inflation index because that's where we classify milk when we talk about inflation. So we think it's going to be pretty comparable to where it is today. 
J. Schlotman: We did have -- our expectation in our guidance for the year, contemplated a front-end buyback program. It is somewhat unusual for us to go without any kind of an authorization. What I would say is unless there's -- I wouldn't expect significant incremental buyback activity for the rest of the year. 
J. Schlotman: And Scott and Mike working with our labor negotiators and the union, they understand the opportunity and need for this, and this really does improve the quality of the benefits our associates have and secures -- and improves the security of their ultimate benefit. So it's one of the things where the union is also working with us on these, but it's a lot of work and a lot of effort. 
J. Schlotman: What we always say about fuel is one thing we'll guarantee, and that is it will be volatile. It was volatile inside the quarter. There were days and weeks where we were not as thrilled with our fuel results, and then there were days and weeks where we're very thrilled with our fuel results. Relative to the retail price per fuel, in quarter 1, on a total company basis, fuel supermarkets and convenience stores combined, the average retail price per gallon last year was $3.524, and this year, it was $3.456, so it was actually a little bit lower on a combined basis between the 2 years. And the cost was actually about the same amount, maybe just a touch amount lower as well. So it's -- and we had very, very strong gallon growth, almost 6% gallon growth. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I made a comment when I spoke about ID sales for the quarter, that they continued their strong performance both from a script count and the sales count -- sales basis. So good ID sales growth in dollars and scripts. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I wouldn't -- I won't get that granular. The closest I'll come is we did make comments about operating profit, and as we get a full year of Harris Teeter into the numbers, we would expect our operating profit margin to not be the 12 basis point rolling 4 quarters increase we had in the first quarter. But as we get a full year of them in, we would expect it to come closer to the slight increase that we project overall. 
J. Schlotman: A couple questions there. So the $56 million is the after-tax cash we'll have to put in. And as we said, we have up to 5 years to do that. We really haven't decided exactly how we're going to do it. The Kings Sooper pharmacists is a smaller part of that total contribution, and we actually have longer than 5 years to do theirs. But you should expect some plan over the 5 years to do it. What this really does is, technically, what happened is assets and liabilities came attached to their already earned and accrued benefits, and that's what we're shoring up in these plans. Going forward, they will continue to earn benefits. In the pharmacists' case, they'll get a K plan matched. In the Pacific Northwest contract, they'll continue to earn a benefit going forward, and there will be cents per hour accrual for those benefits going forward. So it won't reduce that. 
J. Schlotman: Right. Now, what we don't have to negotiate and worry about funding going forward is any cents per hour to make up the $56 million because we'll do that separately. So going forward, any portion of an hourly contribution that was there to make up an underfunding in the plan, obviously, we've already negotiated that and walled it off.  So all we have to worry about funding is future benefit accruals, not vested benefit accruals. It'll be separate. 
J. Schlotman: Can't predict when and how, and it's one of the reasons we had a disclosure of this kind of activity in our outlook section in the 10-K because -- that's why we dedicated some very talented resources to this because we would love to continue to pick off opportunities like this to secure -- to help secure the pension benefits of our associates going forward in some of these underfunded plans, get that out of that fund. If that fund runs into trouble, we know our associates are taken care of because we have them in a fund that we're helping manage. And we do view that what we have is an obligation to do that for them. 
J. Schlotman: Well, that amount we put in the MD&A is not entirely on our balance sheet. And theoretically, it will be reduced by the $56 million once we fund it. That $56 million will actually now sit as a liability in our balance sheet until we do fund it. 
Michael Ellis: And just to clarify, we don't give quarterly guidance, so we only give an annual guidance. So the only thing you can compare it to is what the Street expectations were. 
Michael Ellis: And it's not always -- pretty much every store has some offering of natural and organic products. What we're finding is it's as much a lifestyle decision as it is a demographic-driven topic. And people of all demographics are choosing a healthier lifestyle, so we actually have the product. And really, I can't think of stores I go into that don't have some. Now the size of the store can dictate how much you have, but it's a broad-appeal product. 
Michael Ellis: I don't remember what it is off the top of my head. It was in our 10-K and the MD&A. I don't want to guess the number because I'll be guessing wrong. You can follow up with Cindy and I after the call, but it was in the MD&A and our 10-K. 
Michael Ellis: It's one thing to announce investments in October of '12. It's another thing to begin making those, and then it's another thing again for them to come out of the ground and start generating sales and EBITDA. So there's a lag from when you make the announcement until you get there. Keep in mind, our share buyback in the first quarter is very strong. That was contemplated in our guidance. And we told everybody in October '12 for the first couple, 3 years, 1/3 or half of our growth was going to come from share buyback until our investments started to mature. So we'll have to wait until that tipping point happens, Scott, and see where we are at that point in time. 
Michael Ellis: If you look at meat, specifically, you can clearly see behavior changes as prices increase. So people buying more cube steaks or buying more hamburger, those kind of things, you can clearly see. The comment on the customer overall is very broadly in terms of if you look at what they're doing in total. We feel very good about and we like what we're seeing in terms of customer in total being willing to spend a little bit more. 
Michael Ellis: If you look at, obviously, Harris Teeter has done customer research for years. And before, in a couple of markets, we would have our customer research on Harris Teeter just because they were somebody else in the market. Harris Teeter scores incredibly strong on people and products and freshness of products. So when you look at produce, meat, deli department, they score very well. And their associates are very friendly, and that's really their strong suit. And we would expect, when we start doing the combined research that, that's consistent with the research Harris Teeter had done before. We would expect to see the same. 
Michael Ellis: Well, it's really been fun to have someone who was a competitor that you admire, and now you can actually see what they do, how they do it. But as Rodney mentioned, they've been really strong on some of the matrix, better than us in several markets. So to learn how they do what they do has been actually, really, a lot of fun, and we're integrating some of that into some of our operations today throughout Kroger. 
Michael Ellis: Yes, and if you look at ID loyal customers, it would be much higher than 50%. But the good news is, is we keep adding people that become loyal below the 50%, so it dilutes the total back down. 
Michael Ellis: Yes, it's a good question. And you continue to see a lot of people talk about adding square footage in the space. Some of that square footage is dedicated to what we sell inside of a different format, be it inside of a Dollar General store or a drugstore or something like that. Walmart's obviously building some smaller neighborhood and kind of markets, so that's there. What kind of gets lost is competitors who are closing stores that I would call -- versus a small offering inside of another format, what I would call a destination store. So when you have a destination store close and it's 50,000 or 60,000 square feet and somebody else has added 1,200 square feet, that's really a convenience shop. It's a different kind of competitor. So I think we'll continue to see a lot of square footage open up that sells food. I think overall, the destination kind of square footage is probably flat to slightly down. 
