W. McMullen: Thanks, Gary. I would like to once again acknowledge and thank our outstanding associates. Their hard work and dedication fuel our Leading With Fresh and Accelerating With Digital strategy and our obsession for our customers. We continue finding new ways to help customers stretch their dollars through everyday prices, data-driven promotions, personalized experiences, trusted Our Brand products and a seamless e-commerce platform. We believe this relentless focus on delivering for customers will help us maintain robust sales and drive growth.   Moving ahead, we remain confident that we have the right strategy to deliver value for all stakeholders, including our shareholders.   Now we'll turn to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I love the question, John. And as you know, we're super proud of our brands and super proud of Private Selection, the banner brand and Simple Truth and then Home Chef is our most recent owned brand.  The -- that growth has been strong across all components. The only exception of that is Simple Truth was a little soft earlier in the quarter because we did have supply issues with one of the chicken suppliers. But other than that, growth is nice as well.  As you know, what we've always found is over time, our brands gain share, and that's been true for over 25 years. And when the economy is tight, our brands always gain share. And then once the economy is good, we may lose a little or maintain, but that's been the case all throughout. Because what customers find is once they try it, they love it.  We -- if you look at our leadership team, our -- we've gone and really upgraded our leadership team in terms of our focus on our brands. And for us, it really is -- we look at it the same as a national brand. Our customers do. And as I mentioned, over 90% of our customers include it in their basket. So feel really good.  Your second part of your question about the national brand change. I think there's still a lot of capacity constraints among some of the national brands. So I would expect if it's a national brand with capacity, you'll see a typical trend where they get more aggressive in promoting as their tonnage goes down. But if they're supply constrained, I would be surprised. And part of that is just because all of us are exiting COVID at a level of volume higher than what we had going in, which has put different people at different points on supply constraints. 
W. McMullen: Yes. We do -- the excess warehouse space that we took on as part of COVID, a lot of that space, we've continued to keep. And I would say we're using that space to be able to get product when we can get it. So I think a lot of the CPGs are using it to level out production. So when they have excess production, we're taking that. And it, in essence, becomes forward buy, but I don't think it will be as big as it's been in past situations. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Well, it's a good question. And obviously, we always spend a lot of time focused on it.  Your first comment, we are seeing the competitive environment pretty similar to what it's been. As you know, our go-to-market strategy really is Leading With Fresh. And what we find is it's the most important reason why somebody decides where to shop. And our teams are really working hard to take our fresh experience to the next level, and our customers are telling us they appreciate what they're doing and they're seeing that improvement.  So when you look at it, we think price is just one component. We're going to make sure that we always maintain a reasonable spread in the things that we're good at with our rewards program, our fuel rewards and our fresh go-to-market strategy. Those things matter, and that's where we're going to win in the marketplace. And we expect that to continue to be important in every imaginable environment going forward.  So to me, it's one of those things where it's important, we continually check. But we always think it's important to remember it's the total customer experience that we're focused on rather than price alone. 
W. McMullen: The other thing I think it's always important to remember is we always look at gross margin in light of our OG&A cost as well. And obviously, our teams did an incredible job of managing OG&A costs. And we always will invest some of those OG&A savings in trying to extend the customer's budget, especially in an environment like this where it's important. And I think some of those reasons are the reasons why our customer counts have improved as well. 
W. McMullen: If you look at grocery market share for the -- overall, it's pretty much close to where we thought it would be. We would expect continued improvement throughout the year, which was reflected in the original guidance.  Your comment on general merchandise is correct. Our general -- if you look at our identicals in total, without general merchandise, it would be pretty similar to where the fresh IDs were.  And the general merchandise, obviously, households are starting to change their behavior on shopping and it shows up there. And obviously, some of the savings and things that customers had from not being able to spend money on service as well is showing up there.  So we are making progress on market share overall and would expect to continue to make marked improvements as we go along in the year. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look on the basket size, that's driven by units per basket. And what we're finding is customers are coming in more frequently before but they're not buying as many items on each shop. And that's what we're seeing.  We're also seeing customers, especially customers that aren't as sensitive to their budget, upscaling with or buying bigger packs, especially earlier in the month when -- depending on when people were getting money. So we continue to see both of those dynamics. If you look at the fresh departments, the trends there would be better than the overall.  The -- if you look at overall units, we -- for most of the CPG partners, we would be tracking pretty similar to where their unit changes are overall in the marketplace in -- if you look at our top 25.  I don't know, Gary, anything you want to add to that? And I know you're pulling up some... 
W. McMullen: Yes. I always think it's important to look at CPI and PPI together. And it's also the reason why we shared a little bit more details about Our Brands than normal because you have -- customers are doing their own behavior in terms of changing the way they shop.  So if you think about, in some cases, a national brand item may cost $3 and Our Brand might be $1 or $2. So that would show up and would cause our inflation rate not to be as high as what's in the marketplace.  I also think it's important to remind people that on -- when you look at Our Brands overall, our gross margin's about 600 basis points better than the national brand. And if you look at profit per item, it's similar or, in many cases, actually higher.  So to me, I would look at those numbers as general directional things but not specifics to be able to compare directly just because customers' behavior is changing.  And if you look at like in pork, as an example, customers aggressively moved to pork during the quarter. And some of that movement was at the expense of people not buying as much beef because it's a great value for the money, as an example.  So you have -- within all the data, you have a lot of customer behavior changes. But I think it's helpful directionally, but not exactly. 
W. McMullen: If you look, all of us, our quarters end at a little different time. So it's always difficult to be exactly comparison. And I know some of the competitors don't break out specific by category. And I know for us, obviously, general merchandise is a bigger part of our business than some of our traditional competitors, not as much as some of the big-box competitors.  If you look at during the quarter, our trends improved as we went along during the quarter. As Gary mentioned, our household count went up, increased. Our loyal household count went up. And our visits in total also increased. And our trends improved as well. So those are the things that give us confidence in terms of the things that we're doing and the direction we're headed is continuing to move in the right direction. 
W. McMullen: It's an ongoing dialogue. And obviously, overall, we try to make sure that we have a partnership relationship. It's also one of the values in having Our Brands so it's such a strong component. So we understand true cost increases versus somebody just wanting to raise margins.  In many cases, with the CPG partners, we're identifying areas where we can work together to take costs out so that we can reduce it. And like on backhauls is an area that we're making great progress on by using technology, both of our technologies and databases, to understand how to change.  I would say that we're going to always push back on any type of cost increase that's not justified. And we're going to also try to work together to figure out a way to reduce our combined costs whenever we can.  I think it's a difficult answer to say how are we doing versus competition or competitors. I'm super proud of our procurement team. As Gary mentioned earlier, one of the big component on the cost saves is renegotiating both things not for resell and resell [ both ]. So we feel good about where we are, but it's an ongoing dialogue. And obviously, it's a little more difficult dialogue when you have such high inflation. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at the test regions, it would positively affect our identicals. And the thing that's most important to us is it causes that customer to be stickier to our overall ecosystem, not just on delivery. So -- and our strategy is that if a customer thinks food, we want them to think Kroger. So we feel good about where we are and it's continued in the right direction. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Chuck. If you look at -- pickup would be the area where we would have the biggest decline. And what -- as I mentioned, what we're finding is that customer, as they get comfortable, they move back into stores. And the retention rate is better than the overall retention rate.  If you look at the sheds, the NPS scores continue to be outstanding. The retention rate and repeat purchase rate on the sheds is very strong. And they're continuing to move in the right direction.  And if you look toward the end of the quarter in the recent few weeks, our performance on year-on-year for online has actually turned to positive.  So the first quarter was pretty similar to where we thought it would be because we were cycling some strong numbers early in the quarter, and the trend has moved back into the positive neighborhood. So thanks, Chuck. 
W. McMullen: Thank you for -- to everyone for joining us today. I am incredibly proud of the way we are beginning in 2022, with a continued focus on our Leading With Fresh and Accelerating With Digital strategy.  As always, I'd like to share a few comments with our associates listening in. First, obviously, thank you. The past several years have been challenging and weighed on all of us differently. While each of us react in a unique way, no one should have to struggle alone. That's why we offer a variety of resources, from in-person and virtual counseling sessions through our well-being assistant, to tools to help leaders of others foster a supportive environment. I would encourage each of us to take time to ensure we have the support systems we need in place. And if we don't, please ask for help. We are all our best advocates and know what truly we need. Thank you for everything you do for each other. Thank you for what you do for our customers every day. And thank you for what you do for our communities every day. I'm inspired every single day of the week by your amazing work that you do.  Thanks again for joining us today, and that concludes our first quarter earnings call. 
Gary Millerchip: I think you covered it well, Rodney. The only other point you mentioned around total households and loyal households growing, we also saw visits improving during the quarter as well, Robby, which was -- we were really pleased with that trend as well. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, I'll cover that, and Rodney can add any additional color he'd like to.  Generally, our gross margin rate was in line with our expectations for the quarter. As you heard us share, we had 2 major investments during the quarter, which was investing in value for the customer and also the supply chain headwinds that we -- as Rodney mentioned in his prepared comments, we fully expected during the year.  Overall, we feel like we were right in line with what we expect it to be. I know we called out in our comments around the PPE inventory write-off, that really wasn't material enough to sort of be something that I think investors should be thinking about is going to be a factor in our expectations for the rest of the year. I think we shared in our original guidance for the year that we believe gross margin would be a headwind during the year as we made the investments in price and supply chain. The first quarter played out largely as we expected.  We don't call out all the puts and takes in the quarter. And things like COVID vaccines would have been a tailwind last year, that wouldn't have been a tailwind this year.  So I think there's a lot of extra moving parts in there. And what we try and do is call out the pieces that we've communicated previously so we're consistent and also give you a flavor for the major moving parts. But overall, we felt the quarter was very much in line with strategy, and we wouldn't be pointing to a change in that for the rest of the year.  I'll maybe just add one piece of additional color because I know it's kind of something I've seen as a sort of question floating around before the call started was, certainly, the gross margin outlook hasn't changed. That's not a factor in how we think our guidance looks for the rest of the year. We're very confident with how we think about the outlook for the rest of the year.  I think that some of the factors to bear in mind when you think about the second half, I mentioned it in my prepared comments, but LIFO for the year is going to be about $150 million higher than budget and about $100 million higher than prior year spread across the 4 quarters. We do expect fuel margins will be a headwind for the rest of the year and directionally think of that as maybe a $50 million or so headwind as well.  So I think about it more of the underlying trends that we shared during the quarter is something that we feel is right on track with our plan. But there are some unique factors that will influence the second half of the year. And from our perspective, those are generally going to be things that you won't have to cycle in 2023, but there are obviously headwinds in the rest of this year in terms of our overall financial outlook. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Karen. Yes, I think the first part of the question would be, as I mentioned it a moment ago, around we look at the guidance for the rest of the year. Our overall outlook for inflation is that we do expect inflation is going to be higher for the rest of the year than we originally expected when we sort of entered 2022 and provided our original guidance.  Having said that, it's important, I think, to remember that we don't have a perfect crystal ball, of course, like all of us are trying to figure out there are multiple scenarios that could play out. I think our central scenario though is that we think inflation will remain higher. But as we cycle about a 4% increase in inflation in the second half of last year compared to the first half of last year, absolute annual inflation, we may well actually start to see a more moderated number in the second half of the year. So we're currently assuming inflation in the second half as a headline rate maybe a couple of percentage points or so lower than the first half of the year.  So we're actually -- if you think about our sales guidance, we are assuming that we see some momentum in our units because of the way we're thinking about inflation. Now of course, that outcome could be different and that will impact the outcome of the results that we report, but our overall assumption is based on that kind of high-level view, which we think takes into account all the different data points that we've been able to look at both internally and externally.  And then from an operating profit perspective, as I mentioned a few moments ago, from really the way we think about the rest of the year, our overall EPS guidance, if you kind of look at the midpoint of our new range for the rest of the year, it would be flat to slightly down. I think the really key messages in that would be think about the, as I mentioned a moment ago, the LIFO charge will be having a major impact on that, both versus budget and versus prior year. And as I mentioned, whereas fuel would have been a tailwind in the first quarter, it will actually be a headwind for the rest of the year. So we think of the sort of supermarket business as being robust and relatively on track in terms of what we would have expected and continuing to build momentum. It's really around those other factors that are driving the lack of sort of carryforward of the momentum on year-over-year growth in the first quarter when you look at that relative to the rest of the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Vaccine headwind would have been in the first quarter probably a factor, and then it would also be a factor in Q2 and Q3. But again, I wouldn't think of that as being a major headwind on what -- so that was probably a bigger factor in Q1 as any quarter. So I wouldn't think of the gross margin performance that we saw in the first quarter of the year as being dramatically different expectation in the remaining quarters based on the impact of vaccine and other factors. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Yes. Just briefly, I would say, on the EPS side of things, I mentioned a moment ago, Rupesh, that I think if you look at the guidance for the back -- the last 3 quarters of the year, it would sort of predominantly be around the sort of flat to slightly down. I would think of that, if you look at the cadence last year, it would be relatively consistent if you think about the next 3 quarters. So I wouldn't call out any dramatic year-over-year variance to that overall.  And then I think on a sales perspective, as we mentioned, we would expect the first half to be a little bit better than the second half in terms of sales. That's predicated on this belief though that inflation continues at heightened levels. But on a year-over-year basis, the back half would be potentially a few basis points lower because we're cycling 4% higher inflation in the second half of last year than the first half of last year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Well, I think just to clarify maybe the comment we made, the total basket size is actually up. It's the number of units in the basket that are down. So if we look at our overall metrics, households are up, loyal households are up, visits have turned positive, basket size is up. But the number of items in the basket, as Rodney mentioned, is the item that I think customers are adapting behavior as they start to manage the inflationary environment. And that's obviously a focus area for us to use data personalization and different tools around rewards to really aim to continue to drive that up.  And as I mentioned, if you look at our second half guidance as we expect in our current assumption, inflation would be, on a year-over-year basis, maybe not as quite as high even though remaining at sustained levels, then our guidance reflects the expectation that we continue to make progress on that front. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I wouldn't want to get into specific guidance because of the comment that Rodney mentioned around we do try and manage the business dynamically. I think what I was really saying, Ed, was it was specific to the current year. I'm really saying that when you think about Q1, I think there was some concern that the PPE write-down was somehow need to be reversed out and that would be the trend that we're seeing in terms of gross margin rate. So I think the guidance that we shared at the beginning of the year was we expected gross margin to be a headwind. We didn't expect the volatility to be as significant as we've seen in the past. And as I mentioned, the PPE is really one of a number of puts and takes. But because we called it out last year in the first quarter, we didn't want to not clearly mention it again in the current quarter, but I wouldn't see it as a major factor. And so it was related to Q1 was the -- that's the kind of directional shape of gross margin, which is, I think, consistent with what we shared when we gave our guidance for the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. The $1 billion of savings would certainly be sort of an ongoing flow of initiatives. So certainly think about it as being consistently sort of building from -- so we've got a certain number of benefits from last year that flow through, and then we're introducing new initiatives this year. So because we're on this 5-year journey, $1 billion of savings, it's very much a continual flow of new initiatives that are being implemented in the business to drive those efficiencies and savings.  So I'd certainly think of it in general terms as being fairly consistently throughout the year. Now of course, there are a number of puts and takes in lines and we continue to invest in average hourly rates. I think we mentioned in the first quarter, there was a benefit from lower pension contributions during the first quarter. So I wouldn't think of the OG&A rate improvement that we saw in Q1 as being typical for the year. But we do expect to continue to see OG&A rate in the year being an improvement and a tailwind for the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. The only other thing maybe I would add, Rodney, is that the comments we made, Michael, about digital growth and the expectation that with the investments we're making in customer fulfillment centers, the announcement -- the exciting announcement that Rodney shared this morning around Boost membership launching across the whole of the company, we feel that the momentum that we're seeing starting to build in digital will also be an important component of that growth in the future as well. 
Gary Millerchip: Thanks, Michael. Yes, I think briefly, we see that as an opportunity actually for Kroger because what we tend to see in those more economically challenged times is that the customer that's less stressed, as you described them, actually views Kroger as a high-quality place to get more value compared to maybe shopping a larger number of stores, and we even see it with some of our own brand performance. Rodney mentioned the strong value and ingredients for cooking at home, but we also saw strength during the quarter in Private Selection and Meal Solutions. So we see that as an opportunity for us to really connect with that customer as they start to maybe determine the best place to shop for quality and value combined. 
Gary Millerchip: Chuck, yes, I think there's a couple of different factors just briefly in there. Overall, we've been on a plan for a number of years to continue to optimize working capital. So I wouldn't say it's a dramatic change in strategy. We're very focused on continuing to drive improvements there and have seen good tailwinds in our cash flow because of that.  This quarter, we would have seen an increase in inventory. Part of that would be to do with sort of starting to get back towards pre-COVID levels as the in-stock and supply chain improves. Nothing that would be concerning to us from a sell-through perspective, but we do think it's important to make sure we continue to improve the supply chain. And of course, inflation would have also impacted that number as well, but nothing out of the ordinary. 
