David Dillon: Thanks, Mike. When you look at how Kroger has strengthened our business for the last 10 years and compare us to other food retailers, you'll see that we took the less -- the road less traveled. And when you look today at our ability to deliver positive growth results, you'll understand why we believe that that's made all the difference. Kroger's proven Customer 1st Strategy continues to increase customer loyalty, identical sales -- store sales and market share. With that foundation firmly in place, we're focused on deploying capital to further accelerate growth and improve ROIC. We are committed to delivering shareholder value through stronger earnings per share growth, higher dividends and stock buyback. We now look forward to your questions. 
David Dillon: Yes, I think we do. I think that -- but the evidence is the slow, gradual improvement that I described. So you look over the last several quarters, you can look at some of the categories we've described before, things like Boar's Head and high-end wines and our fine cheeses, and some of those continue to do pretty good and grow steadily. Natural food is doing well. Another good indicator and one that I'm particularly pleased with, was with our loyalty data. If you look at our loyal households, while we had a big, good solid increase in number of loyal households, the visits, of course, increased. Both of those are consistent with what we've had the last several quarters. But we also had increase in units per visit, an increase there for those loyal households. And I think that's important. I think that's an indication both of us filling all the needs of customers or a greater portion of the needs of customers, which we've talked a lot about before. But I also think it's an indication of people having a little bit more money in their pocket or at least the willingness to buy a little bit more, so that their tentativeness has dissipated somewhat. Now I would caution though, because with value customers, we think that they still are living in a very fragile world, and we think that their situation is still quite difficult. And I'm not actually sure that we've seen improvement there. And we've used the word ourselves in describing the future as pretty fragile. The fragile nature is that you could see high volatility with changes of events, which is why I think the fiscal cliff causes people some heartburn. 
David Dillon: I'll have Rodney add a little color in a minute. But first, I think it is an overly negative assessment, in fact, quite a bit overly negative in my view. At Kroger, I think we've built up a very strong trust with our customer. For our customers to know that where there's value to be had, they can have it with us. And as a result, I believe that whatever happens, and we think we're in a great position in any of the possible outcomes we can imagine, we think that our customers are going to trust us and continue to stay with us. Now our business is a day-to-day business. We make choices every day as merchants what we're going to do. So we read the environment where we are, we make these choices and we move through current events as we always have done. And I expect that, that will be how we would operate through whatever happens in this situation. I think it's going to be -- whatever happens, I think it's going to be overplayed in the press and so will cause a lot of people a lot of chatter in the outfield, but the actual effect will be less than that. Rodney, you may want to add some... 
David Dillon: And John, we don't often get into the public policy arena. And so I'm not certainly trying to forecast what happens. But I do think the one message that's clear from our vantage point is that Congress and the executive branch and the press, frankly, need to look at this responsibly to try to solve the issues and to try not to create undue uncertainty. It's that uncertainty that serves the public really poorly. And we think that there's a lot everyone can do if they make up their mind that they're going to purchase in a responsible way. 
David Dillon: I don't know that I'd use the word accelerate. Although it may have, I certainly think it has continued to increase. And we think that that's been a fairly steady increase over time. Rodney, I don't know if you... 
David Dillon: Well, I'll give you a little sense. We obviously won't tell you a lot. And I'm not sure that what I'm going to tell you would be much more than what we said in New York. But our interest is in being able to use our existing infrastructure, warehouses and support and merchandising and so forth. And so that would tend to say that we're not going to go to some markets that are further away, and I think that's probably an accurate reflection. And we're interested in being able to, over time, grow our overall business. We think we've developed a model that the customers really like. And we think that the customers -- and particularly, if you look around, most of the markets we operate in and a bunch of markets we don't operate in, the places that the people are winning in food retailing today actually are mostly in supermarkets. Now you don't see that as much because a lot of those supermarkets are private markets, are not publicly owned, so you don't see the data. But many of the winners are supermarkets. And as a result, we think there's a lot of places that would actually benefit from our kind of store as a supermarket. And we see that as a real plus. Now other than that, I'm not sure that we're going to go out and describe much more. Our objective is to narrow it down to the markets that we think are important and then to do investigation in the real estate side of it and then to proceed through actually operating an action plan, which we would do in almost anything we do really. So that's really the basic plan, but I don't think that adds anything to what I've told you. 
David Dillon: No, I don't expect to see that. And of course, you'll always have some individual markets and some individual settings where that might occur. But on the whole, I view that the competitors that we compete with, whether they're supermarkets, whether they're publicly owned or not, whatever they are, we view it as quite rational. We think people are making rational choices, what they view to be in their best long-term interest, and we certainly are doing the same. 
David Dillon: We haven't described that yet, but we'd be happy to tell you that. At the moment, quarter-to-date and the fourth quarter were a little bit higher than what we ran in the third quarter. But I would not read too much into that because we expect, as we have seen in the last year or 2, high volatility from 1 week to the next, particularly as the payments for the food stamps, for the staff payments, how that has been smoothed out over some of the months. We've seen even higher volatility compared to the previous year. We do expect to have a good holiday selling season, with Christmas 2 days later from when Thanksgiving falls than last year. We think that actually works well. But a couple of the weeks will be pretty soft weeks. So we're giving you the reading as of today, as through yesterday. But if you look at today's sales, they're going to be pretty sloppy, as an example, because last year was the first of the month where today, it's 2 days before the end of the month. So that's why I urge caution, don't read too much into that. But we're running currently a little bit better than the third quarter. 
David Dillon: We were very pleased with the Thanksgiving selling this year, thought it went quite well. And both pleased from an operational point of view and a merchandising point of view. But the customer reaction was solid and improving, just like we've been improving all year on other things. 
David Dillon: Well, you can see that the gas prices during the quarter were volatile. And anytime gas prices are volatile, you get things that change one way or the other. And this particular quarter had a bit higher margins and had even higher margins towards the end of the quarter as the gas prices came down. And in fact that helped the quarter, as you could see in the numbers, and as Mike I think described. We saw identical gallons up, so we're good, solid there. And I think that's a bit of a countertrend compared to where the industry is. And that's, we believe, because we're adding fuel stations, because we are connecting with the customers and they like having gas right at the grocery store and because of our fuel rewards program. 
David Dillon: With all this conversation about shrink, I ought to at least add my own thought is that, as shrink goes, we actually are in pretty good shape. I don't want to give anybody the impression we think we have a big shrink problem. And by 2 questions like that on that could give you that impression. But we see improvement to be made. 
David Dillon: I recall those issues were really more because of the volatile nature from one quarter to the next and what we were seeing there. And I think what we've seen now is more steady. Plus, I think we've given a lot of thought to what we went through that period, and I think we're being very intelligent about the way in which we're operating our store. Rodney, if you want to add any color... 
David Dillon: Yes, I'm glad Rodney added that. Because, frankly, if I look back over the last 10 years, one of the things that I'm most proud of us doing in this company is that point, is that as you experience inflation but not have tonnage growth, we modify our hours to do the work, not to handle the dollar sales. And so as you have deflation or low periods of inflation and tonnage growth, we still have the hours in to do the work, so the customers don't end up suffering. We said all along that our Customer 1st Strategy is making sure we run our stores in a way that connects really well with customers. And in the past, we ran it with the dollars, and today, we run it with the cases. And it's a much more effective way to do it. And that's one of the reasons, because we've done it for so long now, our customers really trust us and appreciate us. 
David Dillon: And actually, the reason we don't want to give it is that it doesn't have the kind of precision that giving a number might imply it would have. And because it doesn't, we're trying to make a rational judgment as to what the number really says, and we're interpreting it and telling you what that number says. We try to do that really with this whole call as our objective here is to let you see this business through our eyes and give you the weight of what we think is actually happening. 
David Dillon: I think we're quite clear that we believe we've picked up share. We just don't think it's been dramatic or sudden. We think it's been gradual over time. And it does -- what you just said does help describe what we think is happening in the industry overall where people buy food. The industry has widened to places not just supermarkets. So you've seen a lot of the mass operators and the dollar stores and the drugstores and club stores, all those places sell food, and so now the market is a much wider market. But the winners and losers in that market, it's always been true in food retailing. There's people who are being more successful than others. And a lot of the success today comes, a few of the public companies are ones that are outside of the supermarket industry, except for Kroger. You add Kroger into that mix. And then you have some private companies, and you don't see their numbers. But we happen to know that those private companies, based on what we see in the markets, that they have been improving too. So we think that we are separating ourselves from many in the industry. We are among the winners in the industry, and we think that there are other winners in the industry as well. 
David Dillon: And then to your question about ROIC and the long-term incentive plan, we actually have a board meeting next week with our comp committee. And one of the areas that we plan to explore with them and to suggest to them is to add a component along those lines. But it's our comp committee that makes that decision ultimately and -- so stay tuned. But it's not going to happen instantly. You'll probably hear -- be able to hear about it on the next call. 
David Dillon: Before we end the call, though, I do want to share some additional thoughts, particularly with the associates that are listening. We appreciate everybody sticking with us today, given the technical difficulties at the beginning. I have 2 special messages for our associates today. First is we take time to honor our veterans this month in November, and I'm pleased that we support our veterans and military families in so many ways at Kroger. And want I want to thank you for your support in launching, honoring our heroes, our company-wide partnership with the USO. Since 2010, Kroger has raised more than $5 million to assist service members and their families. This has been because of you, our customers and our vendor partners. Your generous support helps fund the USO's variety of programs that benefit our troops and their families. In addition, Kroger announced Hiring Our Heroes, a renewed commitment to hiring veterans. More than 17,000 veterans have joined Kroger's ranks since 2009. By the end of this year, our human resource team will attend 15 military -- recruit military veterans career fairs, and they plan to attend even more in 2013. As always, we are pleased to welcome veterans to our Kroger family, and we continue to support our active duty military associates who work for us. My other message for associates is about this holiday season. Because of you, Kroger is the trusted and preferred store for millions of families at this special time of the year. Your enthusiasm and creativity clearly show us -- clearly shows as we visit our stores across the country, and we appreciate everything you do to delight our customers and keep our stores running smoothly. Today, our busy shoppers have more retail choices than ever before. Offering to help somebody find something, keeping items in stock on the shelves, making checkout fast and easy, these are all ways that you can make their day a little more pleasant. So thank you for the hard work during this holiday season. And while this completes our call today, thank you, everybody, for joining us. To all of you, Merry Christmas. Happy holidays to you and your families. Thank you. 
J. Schlotman: Ed, just to clarify, the $50 million reduction that happened this quarter, back in January, we took the $900 million plus charge to establish what that obligation was going to be based on the actuaries' estimate at that point in time. The actuaries recently finished their final work on exactly what that obligation is, and it wound up being $50 million less. So it has nothing to do with what the ongoing cost of that plan is. That was a reduction of the charge we took back in January, and that won't repeat itself. It doesn't have anything to do with the annual cost of that plan. 
J. Schlotman: And we're delivering on that and that's baked into the numbers, and it's our run rate. This $50 million is above and beyond that, and it was just the true-up of what that initial obligation was. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I'm not sure what you mean by growth in the markets, if you're asking about population growth and the like. But overall, it's really the result of a combination of things Dave and Rodney have already described. Dave described increased visits and increased units per visit, and Rodney has described that our tonnage was the strongest since second quarter of 2010. And it's really a combination of all those factors that has allowed us to continue to grow. We don't want to speculate on exactly where our market share is today. It's a calculation we do once a year, and we'll describe that in March when we release full year results. But it's been pretty broad-based. As Rodney said, all of the departments have had positive identical food store sales again this quarter. And we continue to be very pleased with the broad-based performance. 
J. Schlotman: It actually has -- inflation has come in a little faster than we would have originally predicted, which was reflected in the reduction of our LIFO reserve. And the effect on the tonnage picking up, it's actually picked up a little faster than we expected. I don't want to say it's all just because there's less inflation. Certainly, a lot of it is the value equation we give to our customers, and the way we go to market every day continues to resonate with the customer. So it's a combination of factors. But bottom line, that's -- your comment is true. 
J. Schlotman: Well, there are certainly some of the futures out there that would indicate higher costs. Some of those, they're off their peaks when you look at the corn and soybeans and things like that. Certainly, portions of the protein complex continue to have a lot of inflation. The beef side has a lot inflation. That's offset right now by some deflation in the pork side, and the seafood right now is deflationary. So we really look at it of what item is out there that has the right price points that's going to resonate with the customer. I don't want to speculate on 2013 inflation at this point. But I think the year is playing out to end a little bit lower inflation level than we originally predicted. And there are commodities out there that are the other way; things like sugar hasn't had nearly the same effect, orange juice is below the 5-year average. So there are those categories out there that have some positive influence. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I was worried when we used the same number in the press release that it could be read that we reaffirm 3% to 3.5% as our annual number. That's actually just specific fourth quarter guidance. And we wanted to make sure people -- I didn't want to use the annual guidance because there's only 12 weeks left in the quarter, and you would have gotten a number like that. So the 3% to 3.5% we described is actually just for the fourth quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, ID gallons were up in both the C-store offering and in the supermarket fuel offering. And on the supermarkets, I think, should have -- I want to comment just a little bit more, only because to have the strong identical fuel gallons we've had is pretty impressive as we continue to add fuel markets to our existing stores. And that could potentially cause sister store impact from one fuel center to another. Our total gallons sold into supermarket fuel centers was up a lot more than our IDs were. But we still maintain that strong, solid ID even with the growing number of outlets for consumers to go to. 
J. Schlotman: Well, you got to think about this a little bit different. This settlement included a cash component, which obviously is in our financials, but also a change of the rules under which you could take the cards and deal with the cards with your customers. So on one hand, the amount that we've described and adjusted our earnings for, that went to the shareholders. But the rules change, we think there's some benefits there for our customers that can incentivize the customer to use the lower form of payment and that of course, goes to them. So we'd see it as a really big win. It's a win for the customer, it's a win for the shareholder. All around, we think it works well. So I think that's how we expect to play it out. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I'm actually glad you asked that question, Mark, because we resisted the temptation to put that metric in our prepared comments because we don't like to shift how we measure ourselves. One of the things that gives us comfort with our ability to increase that for the full year, when you look at year-to-date without fuel and the 2 adjustment items, we're actually down 1 basis point year-to-date. So it's not like we have to -- from where we are at year-to-date, we only have to go up a few to get it to be positive. But the rolling 4 quarters has -- last year's third quarter actually was very strong, and that's one of the things that caused the comparison to be a little off. And that is on a 52-week basis, not a -- we're not using the extra week to cause that to be the outcome. 
J. Schlotman: It implies a little bit better. Keep in mind, it only has to go -- it only has to be 2 or 3 basis points better to get me positive for the year. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we reduced our annual estimate by $25 million based on what we see today. And to get the year-to-date rate, you have to take 10/13 of that reduction into this quarter, and then the fourth quarter winds up just being 3/13 of $125 million. So that's how you ought to wind up thinking about what the numbers are. 
J. Schlotman: Well, it should be a little each quarter. The detail in terms of how you accomplish it, it's all the basics. Some of it is driven by actual theft. There's all kinds of things that you work on in terms of trying to reduce the actual theft. One of the things that's constantly surprising is how much more sophisticated some of the theft rings are today than they were even 2 or 3 years ago. And it's just making sure that we put even more focus on some of those, some of it's basic operations. And that's blocking and tackling. It's nothing really very fancy. It's making sure you get deliveries into the store at the right time, i.e. take market downs appropriately and those things. So it's not fancy. Our expectation of ourselves would be to gradually improve and get it back to where we're satisfied again. 
J. Schlotman: Well, you never know for sure. Internally, we would probably really tell you. We think it's about half and half, but that is a wild guess because you really don't know for sure. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, if you just want to get a rough calculation, Scott, just take our identical sales less the inflation estimate we provided. I mean it's not exactly right, but it's roughly close. 
J. Schlotman: On the first one, yes, x fuel EBIT operating profit dollars, just so I'm talking to my terms versus how you may calculate it, x fuel operating profit dollars were up in the quarter, yes. 
J. Schlotman: You cannot straight-line it. This isn't the first time we've had a 53rd week year, and we've always described what the effect of that is and what items you cannot straight line. So that's out there historically. The only reason -- certainly, we have an estimate internally of what we think the benefit of that extra week will be. At the end of the day, it'll be driven by how many sales dollars fall into that week. It will be one of those weeks that falls in, crossing the calendar into the first of the month, has a couple fewer days at the first of the month than the prior year's week it's going to be comparing to add. So that's the only reason we've had any hesitancy about saying exactly what that benefit is going to be. We have a good feel for it. But we'll let you know when we see exactly where sales were and when we release full year numbers in March. 
W. McMullen: Yes. As you know, overall, every quarter, what we're trying to do is to balance our improvement in operating costs with a change in gross profit rate. And we continue to be focused on giving our customers a better value than before. So the change in gross profit rate really is given by lowering prices to our customers, and that's what drove it. And we were really pleased with the balance that we had in terms of expense reductions. You specifically asked about shrink. Shrink is an area where we weren't real pleased with our results, but it actually wasn't inconsistent with what I expected. And anytime when you have swings, large swings from heavy inflation to low inflation, it seems that it affects shrink. And I think a lot of the effect this -- the last couple of quarters in shrink has been that. I feel good about where we are overall. As you know, you never want to get so focused on shrink, you hurt yourself. And that's a balance we're always focused on maintaining. 
W. McMullen: Certainly, yes. I would certainly expect it would diminish. And what we're trying to do is to make sure we manage it on a progressive and strong basis, but not do something that overreacts. 
W. McMullen: I'm just going to add one other thing, Dave. And as you know, we work a lot with dunnhumby to understand the pricing dollars we have to invest to make sure we invest it in places that helps the customer the most. And we've been doing that for several years. And we would continue to work with dunnhumby to help to make sure that it benefits the customer in the best way we can, for what dollars we do have to invest. 
W. McMullen: Well, I was just going to say that the uncertainty of things I think is what creates the most pain. And the things that we've been doing for the last several years is really focused on giving the customer a better total value package, and price obviously gets a lot of discussion. But we've improved the shopping experience in the products that the customers get just as much as what we've improved pricing on. And when a customer decides where to shop, they're going to look at the total thing. But the uncertainty of it will affect you. But I don't think there's too much that you can do to anticipate a different strategy for that. We just think long term that it's important to give the customer better total value. 
W. McMullen: I would -- yes, I don't know that I would so much word it as accelerate, I think I agree completely with Dave that we see it pretty consistent, improving as it has for the last 5 or 6 years. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Your question on innovation, if you talk to any of us, we would say that no one can ever have enough innovation. It's what makes it fun. And I can tell you every time we have a top-to-top meeting, we're always pushing our CPG partners to have more innovation. It's something that causes the shopping experience to be more fun. It causes the customer to look at somebody's product and obviously, we sell more. From our perspective, we're really kind of indifferent in terms of how a vendor spends their money. Because if they get to where their pricing is too high, that's the reason why we think our corporate brand, our strong corporate brand program is so positive, is because it gives a great value at great quality for our customers. So if a vendor CPG gets to where their price is too high and they spend 20 times as much as they spent before marketing, that balance won't work for them. So we really are focused on how do we work with our CPG partners, how do we grow their business together. And if they get to the point where they get out of balance, we find our corporate brands always picks up share. And as I mentioned in the call, obviously our grocery tonnage was up very nicely in the quarter, and in fact the best since the second quarter of 2010. 
W. McMullen: The other thing -- Dave mentioned it, but the swings within a month is a lot more than we had before. And John's earlier question about which customer segments are improving and which ones aren't, if you look at the mainstream and upscale customers, it's pretty consistent and it's solid throughout a month. But a value customer, we see a tremendous amount of more swing today than we would have seen even last year or 2 years ago. And Dave mentioned that before. 
W. McMullen: Well, the only other thing that, when tonnage was so strong before, and this would happen in any situation, the actual work and the number of hours that we schedule on our stores is driven by the tonnage that goes through it. So at that point in time, we had almost -- I mean basic identical sales were only 1% to 2% positive, but we were growing our tonnage by 5% or 6%. So anytime you grow tonnage by that much, you're going to have more hours to actually do the physical work. 
W. McMullen: Scott, I don't think it's helpful to do that. We're happy with it. In prior quarters, we described it as marginally positive, and we're happier with it than that. It was a very strong quarter for tonnage. 
W. McMullen: The only thing, Dave, I would add -- and Scott, as you know, we really focus more on market share on an annual basis rather than quarter-to-quarter. We're certainly pleased with where we think we are. But really, once a year is when we step back and really dig into the numbers in a very detailed way. So to answer the question, it isn't so much we're trying to avoid it. It's just that during the year, we wouldn't focus as much energy on trying to understand it, as long as directionally the numbers look like they're tracking in a good way. 
W. McMullen: If you look at the mix, the growth is pretty balanced between everyday-type items and promotional-type items. So we felt really good about it because a lot of the growth is from new customers, and those are more sustainable. So a nice balance between the 2, and it really didn't change versus earlier in the year. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's a good question. We actually have a mix of both, and the team is probably about half and half. And if you look at who's helping us, we're partnering with several different outside companies. So -- and right now, we like the balance because we think it's the best of both. Obviously, dunnhumby is helping us with that as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes, just one small addition and Dave briefly mentioned it. I mean we really are focused on trying to help our associates have a healthier lifestyle and doing things to help support them. And we invest a lot of dollars for our associates to get preventive-type care or physicals, those kind of things because we really want our associates to be able to be the healthiest they can be. And that will help lower everybody's cost, but it'll also help our associates have a better lifestyle. 
