David Dillon: Thanks, Mike. This was another great quarter. We exceeded our expectations and, as a result, raised our earnings per share guidance for the year. Kroger's performance this quarter, like the 33 quarters of positive identical sales that preceded it, was the result of our focus on our customers. We're building relevant and personal connections with each customer, and that requires fresh new ways of thinking about our markets and our competition. That customers tell us we have significantly improved in the 4 key areas of our Customer 1st strategy, lets us know that we are not the same company today that we were even 7 years ago. We have differentiated ourselves from traditional food retailers and expect to drive loyalty, cash flow and earnings growth in 2012 and beyond. We now look forward to your questions. 
David Dillon: Well, I really think it's the way in which we've looked at the business, and that was the point of the opening comments that I had, is that in the past, if you go back 15 years ago, we kept thinking like a traditional grocer. And we kept thinking that our competitors were traditional grocers, and we kept thinking about where you get customers is by competing with traditional grocers. The difference for us has been by focusing on customers, we're defining the industry we're in by how the customers think of it, not how we previously thought about it. So as an example, we used to think about it as people who buy food in supermarkets. But today, they buy food everywhere. They go to the club stores, the dollar stores, the mass retailers. They go to lots of places that are not supermarkets. And in fact, if you were to list our top competitors based on market share of the markets we operate in, the top 2 or 3 would not be traditional supermarkets, aside from us. And as a result, we don't really see that to be the universe that we're operating in. We see it as totally different, and we've had to approach it differently. And I think that, that's the reason we've had better results, because we're swimming in a pool that's bigger -- we were thinking about it as bigger -- than simply what the market was for traditional retailers. It's almost a classic business school case study, to show how you define your market and how you think of yourself will often determine who you become. And I think that's very true for us. 
David Dillon: Well, let me answer the second part first and then I'll let Mike give you a little color on the trend and how we see it. Currently, for the quarter that we're in now -- and we're only, what, 3.5 weeks, I guess, into it -- we're down slightly from where we ran in the first quarter. But I wouldn't read too much into that because we have seen in the last -- well, even in the last year really, higher volatility between weeks than what we had been -- customers experiencing maybe years back. And as a result, it would be real easy to over-read a number like that. But after just 3.5 weeks, that's really not enough to read. But it is slightly down. In addition to that, we're seeing clearly the effect of the generics that we talked about in pharmacy. That is some of the brand name prescription items that are going to generic, which brings the price down very quickly. And you can see it literally by week. In fact, I'm looking right now at a graph that shows by week the way in which these are coming off of patent and how it changes our sales. So that makes a really big difference. And I probably ought to add, someone in here reminded me to make sure I emphasize the point, is that when I say we're down slightly, I'm saying down from the 4.2%. We're not negative at all. We're still quite positive. We're still quite positive and quite pleased with where we are in sales. I wanted to make sure that got clarified. Thank you. 
David Dillon: Well, we won't talk about any specific competitive issues, I don't think. But generally speaking, I think you can see, with our sales and the trends that we've identified, that's probably the best way to describe where we are. And remember that what we've said is our whole program is more than price. We've invested a lot in price certainly, but what we've tried to do is neutralize price from being the main issue, to where the main issue for us is our people and our products and our shopping experience. 
David Dillon: Mike, you want to comment? Or -- we're actually going to look that up and see if we can give a more specific answer. 
David Dillon: I would agree with you though on the theme of gross profit dollars. We think about our business in terms of dollars and not in terms of percents. 
David Dillon: Yes, yes. In fact, in pharmacy, it's crystal clear that while we're -- our sales change, because of the generics, is actually pretty radical on those items. But the gross profit dollars is similarly radical in the other direction. 
David Dillon: Yes. And we've overemphasized that point for a reason, because we're really kind of nervous that when you see what we've forecasted for the identical sales for the year, you'll -- someone will read that and conclude that things are getting worse. But in fact, the pharmacy affects most or all of that. 
David Dillon: And I don't remember exactly where it was the same week last year, but -- the real issue on fuel, at least in the quarter, was that it did not rise as much as had widely been anticipated. It was still generally up. 
David Dillon: Well, when I think about inflation, I always separate the perishable departments from the packaged products in the center of the store. That's important because the behavior is actually quite a little bit different. So I would expect some inflation and deflation happening over any course of the year in both produce and meat as examples. And we just manage that in the course of business. And you have behavior that happens like what happened in produce last quarter, which we've described. But the essence of your question really goes to the center of the store and the packaged goods. And normally, when I'm talking about food inflation, I'm usually talking about that because it behaves a little less erratic. The deflationary times that you talked about before was where the CPG operators needed more tonnage. Their costs were such that they needed to reinvest back in their products. They'd let their prices get too high. As commodity costs went up, they went up, and they went up a little higher plus some, and then they had to overcorrect actually in the other direction. So tonnage then did pick up. You were right about that particular case. I don't think we've seen quite the same overreaction so far on the upside this time, although I could be wrong. Some individual operators could have a different view of that. And so it remains to be seen how they'll behave. I don't know, Rodney, if you have any additional color. 
David Dillon: Well, I think that's -- first, it's hypothetical, and I just as soon not get into all the possible scenarios that could happen. But second is that it would be highly dependent upon individual companies. So if a company invested in their products and sold them to us at a lower price and had them retailed as a result at a lower price, it sees tonnage in those items. But whether or not you'll see that or not is really going to be up to those individual companies. 
David Dillon: I think that's how we see that, and so we feel actually pretty good about it. The other thing I actually would add, and I've said this several quarters, is at Kroger, we have had really good success and we have partnered with a number of national brand vendors in very successful ways. And so we have a number of places where our tonnage is up with particular vendors because of plans that we've laid. So that actually is some leverage, too, on the other direction, because we have the capacity to produce really good results for individual companies out there. 
David Dillon: Well, it's certainly been true in the last few quarters. It's different than it was several years back. And the reason I called it out is it makes it hard to read individual weeks. And when you only have 3.5 weeks in a quarter and any of that included an end of the month or first of the month which are the hardest to read, and especially when you have a 2-day shift because of the leap day that is now in our numbers, so the first of the year in any future month this year is 2 days removed from where it was last year, you see even more erratic swings in those weeks. So I just think it's hard to read such short periods of time, and you have to take a little longer to look at it. That's really what I meant. 
David Dillon: I think that's fairly close. I mean, a little more positive than that, actually. Because as you know, it's hard -- it's really hard to read tonnage. It may sound like it shouldn't be, but it actually is because of the mix changes and all these other things. And we're really trying hard to give you a fair picture of what we think is happening. And it sounds contradictory, but we don't think it is to say, first, as we clearly saw, that tonnage is mildly in the positive direction from where it was last quarter. But it's not so great that we're trying to call that up. We're still calling that basically flat. 
David Dillon: So it's a positive message, not really a neutral message. Before we end the call, though, I would like to share a few additional thoughts with our associates who listened in today. We encourage them to listen, and so I'll take just a minute or 2 of your time still. I want to thank all of our associates for your tireless efforts to keep food safe for our customers and their families. The International Association for Food Protection recently named Kroger the recipient of its Black Pearl Award for 2012, which recognizes excellence in food safety and advocacy. Rodney and I are especially proud of you for this recognition. Only 4 other retailers have been so recognized by this association. I'm certain that what the association saw in Kroger is our success in continually raising the bar on food safety. Keeping food safe for millions of our customers every day is a tremendous responsibility, one that reflects our deepest commitment to putting customers first. Food safety is everyone's fight every day. Our latest program, FAST, which stands for food at safe temperatures, reminds us to keep products below the low limits in cases, minimize stocking time on refrigerated products and keeping cooler and freezer doors closed. These simple steps help us serve safe and delicious food every day. Thank you for this gift to our customers. This completes our call today. Thank you all for joining us. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Relative to the buyback, we finished the quarter at 1.91x net total debt to adjusted EBITDA. We think being in the 2 to 2.2x range is something that the rating agencies would be comfortable with and allow us to continue to be a BBB flat credit which is important to us. It's not saying I want to be a 2.2x because you do like to have a little cushion, operating cushion and not live life on the edge necessarily. And over the last 4 quarters, we've returned $1.6 billion between buybacks and dividends. I think that's a pretty healthy return back to our shareholders. And relative to the dividend payout ratio, this will be our seventh year of paying a dividend since we've reinstituted it, and we've increased it every year. And we said at the outset and we continue to say, our plan would be to: once you start a dividend, you want to maintain it and not have to stop it and continue to grow it over time. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, it's kind of hard to answer the trend during the quarter, to break it down into distinct 4-week periods, primarily because holidays shifted between some of those periods this year. But when you kind of lap over those kinds of issues, it was relatively consistent. Obviously, when we've reported March, we said we were close to the fourth quarter numbers. So it trended down a little bit throughout the quarter, but that's kind of consistent with what Dave talked about. As prescription drugs come off generics, that's kind of the trend we expected. So relatively stable, a little bit of noise. Clearly first of the month, end of the month kind of phenomenas. But overall, fairly consistent throughout the quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I won't give guidance on the specific lines. Obviously, the rolling 4 quarters is down 11 basis points at the end of the first quarter, and our guidance is for that to be slightly better at the operating profit line. So that means we need to make up the 11, plus a little bit throughout the rest of the year. And to your point, the first quarter was our toughest compare quarter. A significant amount of the EBITDA we generated last year over 2010 was generated in the first quarter last year. And that's why we're comfortable that we can continue to slightly expand that by the end of the year. And the 11 basis points down did not alarm us. In fact, it was better than we had expected because of the stronger EBITDA in the first quarter. 
J. Schlotman: I don't know that we would change the way we think tonnage is going to play out. We ended the first quarter at just under 4% inflation. If you look inside the grocery category, which is half of our sales, it actually got lower every 4-week period, the way we measure it internally. So clearly, there's a decline going on at a pretty ratable measure throughout the year. If you look at where we think it might be at the end of the year, we're guessing under 3%, 2% to 3%. And when I talk about lower, I mean lower inflation, not lower tonnage. We would actually expect some tonnage increase as we go throughout the year. And Rodney's illustration in commodities like produce that are very price-sensitive, and lower prices means a great crop that eats very well, we saw extraordinary tonnage growth in produce in the first quarter. So we would expect tonnage to get a little better throughout the year and inflation continue to trend down a little bit. 
J. Schlotman: I think at the end of the day, it depends how you wind up getting to the 3%. I can't speak to how a competitor may manage their business. We spend enough time trying to figure out how to manage our own, let alone worrying about how others are going to manage theirs. Obviously we think about things, would they get promotional or do something hotter if there's negative ID sales. But at the end of the day, the important component is the tonnage. And when you look at some of the things that are elastic, that have elasticity of demand inside the grocery department, things like milk, milk prices continue to trend down. And the reported ID sales, to the extent that the generics coming off of patent affect that, that actually has a higher gross profit rate. So I think if -- stepping back and looking at your business overall, is tonnage moving in the right direction? What are your ID sales trends doing, unaffected by prescriptions coming off patent? And understanding all that, I think it's manageable for us. We don't foresee deflation by the end of the year. We foresee a little bit less inflation. That doesn't mean -- which doesn't mean lower prices. It probably means stable shelf prices or slightly up shelf prices. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. When you look at the produce department, our gross profit rate would have been down because of the deflation. But because of the tonnage, we generated a pretty good amount of incremental gross profit dollars. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I think we'll be fine on our ability to do that with the productivity processes we have and getting better execution on the productivity. Also keep in mind, as the sales, ID sales in the back half of the year get more affected by the generics, those do generate a higher gross profit. So when you look underneath the dollars we have to spend on that OG&A, we should be able to get sufficient coverage of that, which is the cornerstone of us guiding to a slightly improving operating profit for the year. 
J. Schlotman: We have to balance it for the rest of the year because at the end of the first quarter, with the operating profit margin down 11 basis points and guidance to slightly grow that by the end of the year, we have to remain in balance. Otherwise, that won't be the result. 
J. Schlotman: Nothing specific. We can talk offline on that. Taxes are in there, but nothing outlandish that I can think of. 
J. Schlotman: Well, it certainly helped the EBITDA growth in the first quarter, but there were plenty of other items inside the other departments that contributed to the EBITDA growth being stronger than we expected for the quarter. As Dave and Rodney have both said, every department inside the store had positive ID sales. So it was a pretty good broad-based improvement across the whole complex. There's always rough spots anytime you have to do as many things as we do. There's always things that could be better. But we were pretty happy with the overall balance inside the quarter. 
J. Schlotman: We've made a commitment to talk about the pharmacy as we go throughout the year and try to describe the effect of that. I don't want to commit right now what I will give or not give, and we'll look at that throughout the year. There's just so many moving parts with some moderating inflation, some higher gross profit rates from generics, the addition of Express Scripts. It's kind of early in the game, if you will, to make a decision on exactly how we'll break that out. 
J. Schlotman: We think, for the whole year, it could be as much as 50 basis points drag on IDs. But it will be increasing as we go throughout the year, to Dave's earlier comment. 
W. McMullen: Well, obviously, the pharmacy department, as Mike mentioned, was benefited from Express Scripts. But even without Express Scripts, pharmacy had a very strong identical sales growth. And the team, when they put together a plan on addressing -- getting the identical -- the additional Express Scripts business, really did a nice job of making it broader than just trying to get that business. And they've done a very nice job. Obviously, in natural foods, it's a trend change or a continued trend of people eating more organic and natural foods. And as we do a better and better job in that area, we're able to -- for a customer to eliminate one extra shop, and they can get those items from us at a price point that's very reasonable. On produce -- well, in deli, bakery, we've had strong results there for a while. Produce is kind of interesting. They had fabulous tonnage growth. The identical sales weren't so -- it was positive, but not so much, but the tonnage was just outstanding. 
W. McMullen: Dave, the only other thing I would add, Deborah, to your question, one of the things that we've really been working on hard, and this has really been over the last several years, is not having a strategy that's only dependent on one competitive advantage. And if you look behind the strategy, there's really 10 or 12 different critical pieces. We often obviously talk about dunnhumby, and that would be one of the piece. But that isn't the only piece. And we believe over time that creates a bigger and bigger competitive advantage because the competitor can try to get as good on one particular part, but to do all the pieces is a lot harder. And that's really -- when Dave talks about creating a new industry, that's one of the things that -- we don't know quite what words to use other than we know it's a new industry, because there's really not anybody else competing on such a broad level of experiences. Obviously, technology is one piece of that, too. 
W. McMullen: I mean, I think overall, it would be pretty similar to what we said at the first year end. We continue to see it getting a little better but boy, it is very slow and bumpy from week to week. 
W. McMullen: Just a couple of comments. Our team at Ralphs and our -- have really done a very nice job of explaining to the customer the changes we made and the total value that we're offering versus before. So we really think it's our associates that have done a nice job of communicating the value to the customer, is the reason the customers are reacting in a positive way. Some of the things that we did at Ralphs were things that we'd already done in other parts of the country earlier. So it's really just from -- some of it was just from a timing standpoint that we now had the resources to do it at Ralphs. So overall, pleased with where we are. Probably be about all the comments I'd make. 
W. McMullen: Sure. I don't think I said I was worried about having to cut it. I said, from an overall dividend strategy, a company, once you start a dividend, you go down that path wanting to make sure you can maintain it and grow it over time. That's more of a textbook dividend philosophy, not a Kroger worry that we're worried about cutting it. We have grown it every year since we've instituted our dividend. We would expect to continue to grow our yield and payout ratio over time. We think our stock, where it's been trading particularly of late, is a very inexpensive buy, and we think the potential return for us on buying the stock and at this point in time really rewards that share -- I think it does reward that shareholder who continues to own our stock and not sell the stock. I'm not really rewarding the shareholder who sells the stock to me at $22 a share. I'm rewarding the shareholder who continues to hold that and is going to enjoy the ride up from $22 with us as we continue to generate great results. 
W. McMullen: Yes. On the question on dunnhumby, natural foods has always been tied into dunnhumby. Now -- it would be true for natural foods and other parts of the store, too. We continue to get better at target marketing personalization for all customers to make sure that they understand what we offer in natural foods. The biggest growth in natural foods is really regular customers that aren't just diehard natural foods or organic shoppers are finding some of the products taste better, some of the items -- they just like the item, it's more creative. So you'll see customers that aren't necessarily just natural foods shoppers but shoppers that find something they like and they'll buy in that category. And certainly, my wife and I would be one that would fall into that category. 
W. McMullen: I would think -- I mean, if you look at specific guidance, you'll always have exceptions. But when you look at it overall, we're still expect and focused on having improving gross profit dollars when you look at it overall. 
W. McMullen: And remember, part of the change in our expected identical sales is because of the -- all the prescriptions coming off patent, as Dave and Mike mentioned. And that improves gross profit, and that's something that's -- this year, the number of drugs, as you know, coming off patent, is significantly higher than any year, certainly since we've been involved in this business. 
W. McMullen: To me, that's a great question. It's always tough to answer because it's one of those where I'll answer it both ways. You never get -- unless you have 100% of something, it's never your fair share. So -- but if you look at the share that we think we're getting of the Express Scripts, it's certainly higher than our market share is of pharmacy in the markets that we operate in. So we certainly feel like we're getting more than our fair share based on that. On the stickiness, the real key for us is making sure that we're delivering great service to those customers that come to us. Because when they come to us, that's one less shop they have to go to, and we should be able to save them time. As long as we have good -- great service and the prices are right, that should be the stickiness. And we're doing an awful lot of work making sure that the customers tell us how we're doing, specifically those customers, and making sure any things that we can do better, we're focused on doing better. So if that did change, there would be more stickiness to that customer. 
W. McMullen: We certainly do. And you should assume that anything that you can imagine, we're trying to do those things to help improve that stickiness. 
W. McMullen: The other thing I think from a consumer standpoint, they're still nervous about is it a permanent decline? Or it just happens to be 2 or 3 weeks? And I think that really have behavior change, customers have got to get comfortable with more than just 2 or 3 weeks. 
W. McMullen: I'd say we're -- so far, it's been a little bit better than we expected, and we continue to stay focused on that. So yes. 
W. McMullen: I wouldn't read too much into that. I mean, it's one of the reasons why we wanted to make sure that we raised the guidance, so that you could see that some of the extra improvement in the first quarter, we actually think it will flow through for the whole year. If you look at our expense savings versus what we expected, we're pretty in line with what we expected. And we did a nice job of balancing between gross and OG&A improvements. And we're really focused on trying to make sure the 2 tie together. I don't know, Mike or Dave. 
W. McMullen: The other thing that was going on back in '08, '09, as Dave mentioned, some of the CPGs were making way too much in margin. And part of the huge tonnage growth we experienced and saw was in our own brands. And it's one of the values that we have because we have such a strong corporate brand program across so many categories. When the economics of the product is different than what the CPGs are charging, we can't -- we will give that benefit to the customer, and we always get rewarded in huge tonnage increases. And if you remember, we had tremendous improvement in market share on our corporate brands at that point, too. 
