W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. As you can see, Kroger delivered another spectacular quarter and marked our 12th consecutive year of positive quarterly identical sales -- supermarket sales growth. When you achieve such consistently remarkable results quarter after quarter, it's easy to take them for granted. In fact, we've spent the past few years investing in our unique and multifaceted business model, which we believe has been a key driver of our success. We continually strive to innovate for our customers while delivering on our commitments to you, our shareholders. At a time when so many other retailers are facing very difficult circumstances, Kroger continues to stand out from the pack, thanks to our incredible associates.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: If you look at so far, and obviously, it's still very early in the quarter and we're cycling very strong numbers a year ago, we would be at the top end of the range that we provided. So it really isn't trying to be conservative. It's just reflecting the fact that we're cycling some incredibly strong numbers and inflation continues to get a little lower. The other thing that you never know is how is the weather going to flow. Obviously, snow is helpful for the business, and that, you really don't -- you can't predict at all. And then, as Mike just mentioned to me, this year, we will not have a Super Bowl in the fourth quarter. A year ago, we had Super Bowl in the fourth quarter. 
W. McMullen: And we continue to have strong growth in our fresh departments, and most of the fresh departments have higher gross as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, obviously, we really don't know what's going on across the industry because we only know what's happening for us. What we've tried to do is to work with our CPG partners, and we really do view them as partners. And what we're trying to focus on is how to grow their business and grow our business both. And it's really trying to make sure that we effectively spend the money that they provide to us that we then, in turn, provide to our customers. So it's really taking that data and helping our CPG partners to most effectively spend their money. So all I can do is talk for what we're doing. I really don't know what's going on in the industry. 
W. McMullen: A couple. On pharmacy, it continues to be tough as it's been all year, and there's obviously a ton of change going on. And what we really remain focused on is making sure we're helping our customers. We have a great team of friendly and knowledgeable professionals that will help our customers get healthy quicker, and it eliminates one stop somewhere else. When you look at overall, we feel like we have a very strong business model, and it's also the nice thing about having such a diverse business, when you look at across all our lines, that we can make investments in pharmacy, but when you look at the total business, it continues to perform well. Relative to 2016 guidance, I'll say a couple of comments, Mike, and if you want to add anything, but we'll give the details in March. We have a meeting where we review our objectives with our board, and that -- obviously, we're not going to share things publicly until the board is in concert with what we're doing. A couple of comments just to remind everyone, and it really ties back to some of the things that Mike and I have already said. Fuel margins, we would expect to more normalize. And if you look at inflation, we would expect it to continue to be less. But when you look at overall, and this isn't just for '16, but our long-term objective remains to grow earnings per share by 8% to 11%, plus an increasing dividend. And that's the long-term objective. And then we'll give more detail in '16. 
W. McMullen: Well, we would look at our loyalty program as not tweaking. What we do is we continually use the insights to improve what our customers get, and it's based on how customers react. So it's constantly using what customers actually do to try to do a better offer for our customers on a personalized basis. And the examples you gave would just be small parts of what the overall loyalty offering is for a customer. And the key is -- for anybody doing it is how do you make it worth something the customer finds of value. 
W. McMullen: Well, I will answer your question that -- well, partially answer your question. What we find is -- CPG companies, there's -- we deal with a lot of different CPG companies, and any point in time, you'll have different companies with different strategies. And we have a team that will work with CPGs based on the strategy that they're playing. What we find is when CPGs raise prices when it's not economically driven, our Corporate Brands always picks up market share. And it's one of the values of having an incredibly strong corporate brand program, is that when there's something that doesn't make economic sense, the customer understands that. So we -- at any point in time, probably almost any comment you would make on a CPG, there's somebody out there running that playbook, and each one would have their own playbook. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at -- there's constantly changes going on in the basket, and it's not so much new. But if you look at the fresh departments, that's been a trend that's been ongoing for a long period of time and isn't slowing down at all. The things that you ticked off -- mentioned on natural and organics, that as well. If you look at space allocation, it's something that is really important to do on an ongoing basis. And one of the examples I always like to give is coffee. If you asked me 3 years ago or 4 years ago, what I thought was going to be the future of the coffee category, I wouldn't have been very positive. Today, because of innovation by Starbucks and Keurig Green Mountain, it's completely created a different type of growth in that category, and we're continually adding space on what's inside the store because the customers want it, and it's something that is driven by innovation. So the change in allocation is more driven by innovation than probably anything else and how the customers react to that innovation. 
W. McMullen: Yes. It's still something that -- we're still early in the test. We continue to roll it out for customers. Some customers like it a lot, and it's just one more reason to shop at Kroger. 
W. McMullen: Scott, you've followed Kroger for a long time, and you know one of the things that we try to do is make sure we design our business model so it's successful regardless of the environment and try to really play to what's going on in the environment. And some of those examples, that's what's going on now, but customers change and we try to make sure that we stay nimble enough to be able to react to those changes. 
W. McMullen: The -- we -- other than at the Analyst Day, we did give specifics on one market. We won't make it a habit of giving specifics, so we really do look at across all of the opportunities. When we merged with Harris Teeter, one of the things we talked about was one of the reasons we were excited about merging with Harris Teeter is the opportunities that they had in several of the markets that you mentioned. We're equally or more excited today about that opportunity going forward as when we merged with Harris Teeter. So beyond that, I won't get into any more specifics on a market, other than, as we outlined, we see this as a long-term opportunity across a lot of markets. 
W. McMullen: And part of the thing that Mike talked about on speeding up, it's really our real estate teams, our facility engineering teams, our division teams and our attorneys working together to take time out of the process on how long it takes us to get a store open. So it's really everybody working together, actually taking weeks out of construction time, which is causing some of the acceleration of capital investment. 
W. McMullen: It really is the same thing that continues to play out. But it -- now it's playing out on top of years where it played out, so it's growth on top of growth. 
W. McMullen: Yes. On working with other companies, that we wouldn't share at this point other than saying that we continue -- that's something that is part of what we're allowed to do now, and we work against that. On helping more than the past, one of the things -- even some of the examples that you gave, just by continuing to learn and continuing to be more integrated, we're making progress on top of where we were. So to me, the biggest improvement and change has been, in the meetings now, the 84.51° team is part of the same meeting. So you're not having a discussion and deciding what to do and then going out -- going back and sitting down with 84.51° to say, "Okay, here's what we want you to do." It's actually everybody in the same meeting and their insights to say, "Well, you're thinking about this, but it's probably better if you think about it this way." And it's really the professional insights and experiences that's helping us accelerate where we are versus necessarily just doing something new. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at longer term, we've always assumed that markets will get more competitive, and that's been part of our business model really starting -- Dave caused us to start that years ago, and it's something that we just couldn't [indiscernible]. And we don't see that changing at all. The gap, I guess I would word it a different way. You're always trying to get better, but you're proud of where -- the progress you've made. And it's something that's very important for us to be able to make sure that we're giving our customers a better and better deal. Price is one element of that, but service is just as important, and we're focused as much on that in terms of fresher product and better service as well. And all of those things together is what we think creates a unique model for Kroger, and it's driving a lot of our success. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Kelly. Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. As I said a few minutes ago, Kroger's consistent outstanding results are easy to take for granted. The fact is your hard work in our stores and facilities every day makes it all possible. Your commitment to our customers brings our Customer 1st Strategy to life. In large and small ways, each and every day, what you do makes these terrific results possible.  The holiday season is such a special time of the year in our stores all over the country. You help millions of customers every day prepare for celebrations at their schools, offices, churches, homes and more. Thank you for your hard work to make the holidays brighter for each of them. You also make it a season of giving by working with Feeding America, the Salvation Army and other local community partners who help work with us to donate food and other items where they are needed most. Thank you, and thank you for being part of our big Kroger family. Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and your family. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: I'll hesitate to give what a normal is for an investment because we do continue to make investments in price in a variety of areas of our store. I'd say it's a reflection of prudence on how and when we make investments. Additionally, the mix. When you look at the strength of brands like Simple Truth, when you look at the strength of natural and organics, all of which have a little bit higher gross margin, that certainly plays into the overall mix of business. But if you were to look at gross margins by department, you'd probably have a little bit different view of exactly how and when we invest. But we will continue to invest not only in price but all 4 keys of our Customer 1st Strategy. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. When you look at the puts and takes, as Rodney said, weather is often difficult to predict. Last year, actually, was a pretty favorable weather event for us. Not only did we have the Super Bowl right at the end of the fourth quarter, we also had a fairly large snow event in the Midwest at the end of the fourth quarter, and both of those served to have some pretty strong sales that very last week of the quarter. As I said in my prepared comments, the ability to predict fuel margins this year has been more difficult than I can remember since we've been in the fuel business, which is really since 1983 when we merged with Dillon Companies. It's not just where weekly retails and supply and things like that wind up, it's really the day-to-day volatility of fuel on the open market because we don't have fuel contracts, we buy everything in the open market. And frankly, we're very -- we feel good -- we feel very good about where our core business is going, the day-to-day runnings inside of our store and the ability to predict that and the strength of our ID sales, as we noted with the guidance for the fourth quarter. Where we wind up in the $2.02 to $2.04 will be wholly predicated on where fuel margins wind up for the quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Generics continue to have a good amount of inflation in them. We really don't see anything as we look into 2016 that would necessarily cause a moderation. Part of that was driven by prices had gotten so low, some folks got out of the manufacture of those products. With good old supply and demand and just basic economic forces, if underlying costs for those continue to be high, at some point, other folks will get back into the manufacture of that business and perhaps put pressure on that economic cycle. Relative to inflation for the fourth quarter, our view would be it would be in the range of where the third quarter was and in the low 1s. And as we look into next year, we would certainly expect full year inflation for next year probably to be comparable to where inflation is for this year. We don't see a lot out there in the overall supply chain that would cause this to be different. 
J. Schlotman: We won't -- as Rodney said, we're not going to go too far down the path of talking about 2016. Clearly, the litany of things you laid out, it's almost as if you have a draft of our business plan board book that we're getting ready to finish up at the end of the month and send to our board about the topics we will discuss with them in January. All of those are on our radar screen. We're putting all of those into the mix as we decide what 2016 is going to look like with our board. As Rodney said, we're committed to the 8% to 11% as a long-term earnings per share growth target. And it just wouldn't behoove either he or I, if we want to be on the March call, to get out in front of our board with talking about '16 much more. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I actually haven't calculated exactly what our OG&A growth has been, and I don't know if you're taking out the onetime items from those if you look at our core business. Our rate to sales is -- or if you're doing it with or without fuel. Our ongoing -- if I look at it without fuel, it's actually under -- year-to-date, it's actually under a 5% increase, and that's including the pension contribution in there. We look at those service investments the same way we look at price investments. And we step back and we have a very defined plan and a very diligent plan of what we expect to do in departments and how we expect to make incremental investments in all 4 keys of the Customer 1st Strategy. And some of those are price, which become more obvious because of the gross margin calculation. Others of those are a little less obvious because when you look at things like service, they can get drastically covered up. The whole idea of adding service in some of these departments would be to grow sales, and that's how they wind up getting paid for. So when you -- overall, we would expect to continue to drive operating costs down and use that as part of the fuel for the engine to continue to invest. 
J. Schlotman: As Rodney said in our prepared comments, we filed our tender offer. And we filed with the regulators, and it's pending both of those coming to a closure. 
J. Schlotman: Sure. Relative to inflation, it's -- overall, it continues to be a mixed bag and particularly when you look at the fresh departments, like produce, like meat, like seafood. Produce, in particular, it generally bounces around a lot during the year. When you see dramatic inflation in produce, it's not a good selling season because it's been bad growing for whatever region it is that's there. Earlier in the year, when we saw a lot of dramatic deflation in produce, it was driven by 2 things. One, last year's first quarter was relatively strong inflation, and then this year, you had a good growing crop. So you're really back to a more normal kind of a crop for produce. And actually, if you look at on a 2-year basis, the first quarter last year and the first quarter of this year, combined, they were slightly inflationary. So it's a more of a normal. While the fourth quarter was inflationary, it was just slightly inflationary. Meat, obviously, has gotten a lot of headlines as having been so high for so long, high prices. Clearly, with what supply and demand do, high prices over time, people stop eating as much meat and -- whether it's beef or chicken or pork. That means supply picks up a little bit, and guess what, prices start to come down. And if you look at it on a -- if a 2-year stack on something like inflation makes any sense at all, we're still net higher than we were a couple of years ago but still well down from peaks of last year. So it's a mixed bag. We think things like that are going to persist into 2016. The wild card is always where -- exactly where is pharmaceutical inflation going to be, and it has been very, very high for really the last couple of years. Relative to the competitive environment, I don't think there's a time that Rodney and I have been doing these calls together that we haven't talked about this being a highly competitive industry. Barriers to entry are low. Our job is to go out every day with our more than 400,000 associates and deliver a better value proposition to our customers today than we did yesterday, and that's solely what we're focused on. Sure, we keep an eye on the competitive environment. There are a lot of people out there trying to sell what we sell, and our job is just to do it a little bit better every day and win that customer every day when they wake up and make sure they want to come to Kroger. 
J. Schlotman: Scott, it's a phenomena that continues, and to say what inning we would be in on the changing needs and desires of the consumer would be -- would probably be shortsighted on my part and I would be absolutely wrong. We certainly do a lot of predictive analytics with data we see not just inside our stores but overall in the economy, trying to figure out where the consumer is going. It clearly does seem as though there's going to be persistence in the shift to a more healthy lifestyle and maybe out of some of the traditional center-of-the-store categories and into more fresh categories. But I would tell you there are plenty of center-of-the-store categories that now have natural and organic offerings in a can, whether it's our own Simple Truth brand with spaghetti sauces and salsas and things like that. If you go down the dog food aisle, the growth in the dog food aisle is in grain-free and natural kinds of dog food. So even our pets are jumping onto the bandwagon of leading a healthier lifestyle. Everybody's laughing at me in the room by the way. But it's something that our job is to make sure we're there to deliver what the customer wants when they want it. And we will certainly stay on track with it. In trying to predict where the customer is going, I don't think I'll get into that. But we're happy with our overall offering. We're happy with our continued growth and thrilled with the team we have working on not just the center of the store and keeping it a healthy and vibrant category but all the fresh departments around the perimeter of the store as well. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. As we've long said, the higher our market share, the higher our ROA in a particular market, and that's really the cornerstone to increasing the number of markets with that high correlation. 
J. Schlotman: Well, again, I won't get into what our guidance is for 2016. But we do continue to have a great pipeline of projects and are very encouraged by our early projects. We will continue to grow capital as we go into 2016 compared to 2015. The $200 million is a number that I would say, for the next several years, we would increase capital by at least that amount. Keep in mind, as I increase capital and I increase my base -- my store base and the number of stores, I also have to increase maintenance capital a little bit to keep those stores fresh over time. So it's not just an allocation -- a new allocation to new stores. I'm going to have to make sure I continue to take care of the base operations as well. 
J. Schlotman: Clearly, when you open a store, the first 6 to 12 months of that store opening, with all the preopening costs that get expensed on the day you open, it takes a while for that store to turn black on an EBITDA standpoint. It doesn't become a comp store until the fifth full quarter that it's open, the way we do IDs. So it's a while before they contribute to IDs. In some markets, as we dense up, you have the potential to have a little bit of sister store impact. So from a total sales standpoint, you're getting exactly what you want wanted. From an ID standpoint in a particular geography, you may have a little degradation in a particular geography from their ID sales as you dense up in a particular market. Now some of these markets, our market share is low enough where that won't be as big of a deal, but we continue to monitor that as well. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. In my prepared comments, I said it was a combination of very strong tonnage plus an increase in the number of households shopping with us and the number of visits per household during the time frame. So it's a combination of all of those. 
J. Schlotman: It is contemplated in the guidance, in the $2.02 to $2.04 for the year. Those are things that, with some of the strong fuel margins, rather than that happening a little bit every so often, we've taken opportunity to put the money in when we have that tailwind. It gets the money into the fund, and they can start putting it to work faster than if we did it over time. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the status of it, it's in great shape. Cindy will make sure it stays that way. We did joke internally that it was her going-away present from IR to the pension group, but that wasn't. We -- these funds will need money over time. The -- our enrollment in these plans continues to grow. Folks continue to earn benefits. We have a great investment strategy, but they do require funds over time. And while we would budget them in to be made at different points in time, as I said earlier, when we have the opportunity and a little bit of tailwind and a few extra dollars in the coffers, we feel it's prudent to go ahead and put that money into the fund, let the fund put that money to work as quickly as possible to generate the return and continue to have strong benefits for our associates. 
Andrew Wolf: Okay, good to hear. So there's no real update on mix, it's sort of the bifurcated message continues. 
Andrew Wolf: Two more follow-ups. On 84.51°, you've been asked about it and you pointed to it. Can you maybe call out some areas of the marketing where it really is helping? We're used to sort of unique promotions, but is it also in pricing? And I know Vinny asked about allocation, but could you give us a high level there as to where it's currently -- is it helping the business more than it has maybe as we're used to hearing about? And also, when you announced the split from dunnhumby you said you could probably work with some -- or excited to work with similar companies. Any update there would be helpful as well. 
Andrew Wolf: Yes. Just real quick on the $80 million pension contribution. I assume that was contemplated in your guidance, either for the quarter or for the year. I just wanted to double check that. 
