W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We're proud of how our team finished 2017, ending the year with positive momentum in sales and the overall business. We delivered the revised sales and earnings guidance we promised, gained market share for the 13th row -- year in a row, continued to grow our natural and organic food sales, grew digital sales by more than 90% and now offer a seamless digital experience to more than 40 million customers in America. And of course, we relaunched Restock Kroger. As we embark on our first full year of implementing Restock Kroger, we are committed to continuing this great momentum. And we will only accelerate our efforts to redefine the grocery customer experience through investments in digital, technology, pricing and convenience; to expand partnerships to create customer value by forming meaningful alliances with partners who share our commitment to putting the customer first; to develop talent by investing in our associate wages and education; and to live our purpose through our purpose and promise and Zero Hunger | Zero Waste commitment. We are focused on these key drivers of Restock Kroger because we know when we execute them well, we will create shareholder value. We are encouraged at the start of 2018 and confident in our ability to deliver on both our plan for the year and our long-term vision to serve America through food inspiration and uplift. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: And one other -- a couple of things I would add to Mike's. Mike mentioned it, but we really focus on the gross margin overall for the year. When you look at the year and the work that we've done on Restock Kroger, we worked -- we are consistent with what we thought we would do with Restock Kroger. As I've said before, we're not going to lose on price, but we're not out there trying to lead the market down. And as you know, as part of Restock Kroger, we committed to improving operating margin dollars by $400 million over the next 3 years. And we remain, as Mike said, to that expectation of ourselves and we would continue to expect to grow going forward. The way we will finance that is continuing to take costs out of the business through cost of goods, through process changes. Mike mentioned the improvement that we had on Shrink, for example, as well. 
W. McMullen: And the investments we're making we've talked about in the call, we truly expect to return. And what it does -- what we did was accelerate some of the key parts of Restock Kroger. 
W. McMullen: Yes. In terms of our average wage, it is significantly higher than any of the numbers that we've talked about. And the other thing, I think, always to remember is that in addition to our average wage, we also provide health care and pension benefits to associates after -- as a general rule full time or when they haven't been -- after they've been here for a little while. We were very focused on not having something that was a onetime bonus but what were the things that our associates told us that's important to them and what are the reasons that they come to work for us. And when you look at people earlier in their career, the ability to have flexible hours and the ability to continue with an education was something that they give us feedback that was very important to them. So we really view that, that is an important part of investing in our associates. And it's something that we believe, as our associates gain skill, they will be more productive in terms of their day-to-day influence on Kroger and also help them move from a job to a career with us. So for us, it was really important for it not just to be a onetime headline number, but what is something that our associates view as incredibly valuable and helpful over time, and that was an area where associates told us they were important. As all of us know, people are increasingly worrying about college debt and the debt they take on, and this in a small way will be helpful for our associates as well. 
W. McMullen: And Ben, I don't know if this helps you. But one of the numbers Mike outlined in October was we expect cost reductions and savings of $4,450,000,000 over the next 3 years. That savings is what we would still expect. We have not included tax savings in that $4,450,000,000. And then if you look at what we plan to invest, the $4,450,000,000 that Mike talked about in October, our investment plan would still be the $4,450,000,000. We've just accelerated some of that into 98 -- or '08 where before it was an '09 or '10. 
W. McMullen: In some cases, you may end up doing a contract early. But as Mike mentioned, like in the Cincinnati contract, that was -- part of what was negotiated was to increase starting wages and increase the progression during the first year. And we've been doing that as contracts have been coming up during 2017. But it's a -- your question is a great one, and it's one of those where you actually sit down with each local and have that conversation. And you target those conversations with places where your starting wage needs to be adjusted. We don't have where the starting wage needs to be adjusted across every part of the country, just parts of the country. 
W. McMullen: If you look -- I'm going to broaden my answer a little broader than just your question. Certainly, as we look out to 2019 and 2020, we increasingly see opportunities for the business to grow in a reasonable way. And if you think about our investments that we've been making in our digital and seamless experiences, on a year-on-year basis, that continues to be a headwind. At some point, late next year or early 2020, that will end up becoming something that's a tailwind because of process changes that we've made on reducing the cost of doing stuff and the growth in the customer in terms of what they spend with us. So when you look at all the pieces that we have together, we really see that we're positioning the company to start growing again as you start looking out to '19 and '20 and starting it out proactively, doing it in a position of strength as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. In terms of our team and the way we're partnering with our CPG partners on the vendor negotiation, there wouldn't have been any change in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And from a talent standpoint and the way we've -- what we're negotiating, we've supplemented our team by some talent that we recruited from outside of the company. So we feel really good about where we are. We really do continue to view our CPG relationships as partnerships, but we will use our data to make sure that we understand the strength of each brand and each brand within a category and, as we're renegotiating, use that as part of the negotiation. And in all the backdrop is our own brands, the strength of them continues to improve, and we have very high ratings on net promotability index on it as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, as you know, if you go back a little over a year ago, we did home delivery almost in no stores, and now we're up to almost 900 stores. We would continue to look at home delivery as part of our offering. What we find is some customers like delivery, some customers like to have pickup and some customers like to go in store. And probably the most common thing is we find customers actually do all 3. And it just depends on what's going on in their life and whether they have a soccer practice to get to or from or whatever. So for us, you should expect to see us continually expanding the way customers can engage with us and do that digitally and with the mobile app. And we'll continue to make investments in those areas. Hopefully, from Mike's and my comments and stuff, you can tell that we're incredibly excited about the future of Kroger. And when you look at Restock Kroger, the pieces of Restock Kroger are coming together exactly the way we would have hoped and get excited about. Our customers continue to tell us we're doing a better job, and our associates tell us that they're having more fun serving our customers. So all those pieces are coming together, and we continue to invest for the future in terms of the way we think customers will want to engage in a retailer 5 years from now, not just today. So hopefully, you could feel that excitement from our comments. The other thing I'd like to do is just share a few additional comments with our associates listening in. Today, it's very fitting that it's International Women's Day. Kroger is proud to join organizations across the world to support and celebrate the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women. This day is a great opportunity to live our purpose and demonstrate our values of diversity and inclusion by uplifting the women in our workplace. At our headquarters building in Cincinnati, we're joining with several other downtown companies in lighting up our building with the female symbol to celebrate women in business. And last night, we had it lit up, and it looked fabulous. I'd also want to encourage you to check out a video that we're sharing online both internally and externally that highlights several of our women executives. We are proud to be a workplace that works for women and to support their career aspirations and goals. This is what it really means to live our purpose: to Feed the Human Spirit. With St. Patrick's Day and a pretty big basketball tournament right around the corner, March is always fun and a fabulous celebration time of the year. I encourage you to take advantage of the opportunities we have to uplift our customers and each other every day and to help our customers have great celebrations, great parties and a great experience in our stores and through our digital experiences. Thank you for what you do each and every day. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Well, relative to the last portion of your question, I think I would answer that the same way we answered the increase in the gross margin in the third quarter, that you should never really take any particular quarter and extrapolate it over any period of time other than that particular quarter. As I said in the prepared comments, yes, we were down 30-something basis points in the quarter but only 19 basis points in the year, which is a fairly normal kind of a reduction in investment in gross margins for us. I think that's more normal. We've been very open since October with Restock Kroger. When you look at the recent finds in the customer shopping experience key, that the investment in that key is going to be more than the dollars we generate from that, and that's going to be funded by other parts of it. There was a chart back in October that delineated how we expect to invest in the business and how we expect to generate revenue or EBITDA from those investments and leading to the $400 million increase in operating profit margin, just giving you a little more background than you maybe wanted of the journey we've been on since October. The short answer is you should expect gross margin to decline somewhat in 2018. We aren't giving guidance on the individual amounts. We've talked about the fact that 1/3 of the tax savings will be invested in the business, 1/3 will be invested in our associates and 1/3 will go to our bottom line. Obviously, those are below gross margin or operating -- that benefit to EPS is below the line, if you will. But again, we always try to balance to our annual expectations. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I will say that on CNBC this morning, that was a little bit all over the board. It didn't focus very much in the quarter. I actually didn't have a chance to respond to their number of $200 million, but it is higher than that. As we said in the prepared comments, we expect to invest 1/3 in the business, 1/3 for our associates and 1/3 in the bottom line. So in total, Karen, it's about $0.36, $0.37, somewhere in that range. So it's -- at the new tax rate, it takes about $11 million to pretax to have $0.01 a share. So it's somewhere around $400 million of benefit, and we're investing that 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. And we're moving some of them up so we can get the benefits sooner, and then the latter years won't be burdened by these investments because we've already taken care of them. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I'm not going to get into giving guidance on what our EBIT's going to be. If you notice in our 8-K, we didn't give guidance on our operating profit margin, primarily because of the conversation you're having, Karen, trying to predict exactly where it's going to be when that's up above and I'm paying for some of my investments with tax savings dollars down below. We are balanced to try to make the numbers we talked about, and our incentive plan will only kick in, in a big way if we make the numbers we talked about relative to our earnings per share guidance. I mean, we've been talking since way back in September. We said it again in November and I've -- or in December, and I've said it multiple times when webcast since that we didn't see anything for this year that would cause us to be below $1.80 and we were striving to be equal or slightly above on adjusted 52-week year. Well, a 52-week year is the $1.95 and then above that plus the $0.12 is -- so we did the $1.95 as the anchor rather than the $1.80. And then the $0.10 to $0.12 from the tax savings plus being slightly above it is how we got to the $2.15. Estimates out there, it's probably the widest range that I can ever remember. This morning when I looked, the range of estimates for next year were from $1.84 to $2.40. So there's clearly confusion about exactly what the number was going to be and how the tax savings dollars were going to fall. 
J. Schlotman: The depreciation for book won't be affected by the immediate deduction availability under the Tax Act. That would add -- we'll deduct -- if I buy a 7-year piece of equipment for book, I'll depreciate it over 7 years. For tax, I get it immediately. So that won't grow my deferred tax liability balance back up after I reduced it. So the D&A -- immediate expensing of D&A is only for tax, not the book. 
J. Schlotman: So Ken, to be clear, none of our 1/3 -- of tax-saving investment in our associates will be in the form of a bonus. We just don't think that's long lasting and drives retention or drives employee morale over the long term. We think that's temporary, gets a big headline and is somewhat fleeting. And we're trying to make our investment in things that will drive retention and morale over the longer term. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I don't think we've typically given -- I guess we've given a range of margin per gallon. It's one of those things, Ken, we did make a conscious decision to skinny down the individual items we give guidance on. Because then every time it's -- the result's a little different than what you expect, that becomes the only talking point versus our promise is to deliver on Restock Kroger over the 3 years, to deliver the $6.5 billion of free cash flow, to deliver the $400 million in operating profit growth over the next 3 years; and as it relates to 2018 specifically, to have ID sales between 1.5% and 2% and earnings per share from $1.95 to $2.15. Every time we have to change one of those numbers in the 8-K, it becomes the talking point and sometimes the forest gets lost for the trees. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you look at the way we even started talking about Restock Kroger back in October, it was always designed when you start looking at the numbers that -- and we have been giving guidance that our 2018 way back in September when we talked about not less than $1.80 and hopefully and we would strive to be flat to slightly above this year, the report of '17 numbers, it's pretty easy to assume that we weren't expecting operating margin dollar expansion with an earnings per share range like that. We've obviously updated it with the final results for this year, the final business plan for 2018 now completed as well as really good clarity on exactly how we're going to invest the tax savings dollars. The shorter answer is, yes, operating profit margin dollars will likely be down in 2018, and we're going to pull dollars forward out of '19 and '20 where the margin dollars should be higher. And we will pay for that for known, the known being the tax savings that are real dollars. And we are working diligently to deliver the savings dollars. We're pulling these dollars forward with real savings dollars that we effectively already have in the bank because of the lower tax dollars we're going to have to spend. This isn't designing a plan that's going to reduce Shrink by 10 basis points in 2018 and hope that -- I hate to use the word hope. I always quickly try to find a different one, but believing that we're going to be able to do that 10 basis point reduction and that was going to pay for our investments. From a cash flow standpoint, from an after-tax cash flow standpoint, we were absolutely neutral doing it this way. And it's going to benefit 2019 and 2020 when we make some of those investments this year, can still deliver the earnings per share growth and after-tax cash flow that we think we can deliver out of the plan. 
J. Schlotman: '18 and '19. We moved it forward to '18 instead of '19 and '20. It's still -- we're still targeting the same numbers. We're still targeting the same operating profit margin growth at the end of 3 years, and we're still expecting the same free cash flow. And if you remember, on free cash flow, in fact, I talked about $6.5 billion. If you take what I talked about in October, it was $4.5 billion but that was reduced for $1.5 billion of dividends over the 3 years. So we've increased that by $500 million for some of the tax savings flowing into free cash flow. 
J. Schlotman: Correct. And from an earnings per share standpoint, we're paying for that with a known increase in earnings per share from the lower tax rate. So we have to go out and figure out a lot of way to save. We know we're going to be able to pay for that from an earnings per share standpoint and a cash flow standpoint because these are real cash dollars with a lower tax payment. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We're pretty well protected on freight. Obviously, we have our own captive fleet that delivers products from our warehouses to our stores. We have a little bit of third-party there, but they're under contracts. A lot of our inbound freight is under contracts that are being honored, and those folks typically have a good supply of drivers. There is a little bit we do on the spot market, and we're subject to some of the disruptions in a somewhat minor way on that. Relative to third party, the CPG companies, there are a few of them that are having disruptions in some of their freight. We've been pretty firm and pretty much still invest there as it's not our issue because we agreed to pay a certain price for the product and their obligation is to get it to us for that price. And we'll see how that evolves over the rest of this year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I would say the performance -- the only time performance hasn't moved dramatically, defined amount was about the same in the fourth quarter as the third quarter. Relative to -- I won't get specific on transportation as a subset of my margin number. But as you can imagine in a company our size, pretty much everything we do is talked about in ranges. And then when we go to do our internal business plan, we pick a point estimate somewhere within that range. So pretty much everything has a range around it, just like transportation would be. And then you make a point estimate and put that into the model and you build everything else around it. And you move and tweak things to get to what we think is the right answer to strive for as a point estimate for the year. It's the reason we do earnings per share in a range. All of those kinds of things would result in the kind of range you see. 
J. Schlotman: I know it would be helpful, but I won't explain exactly what our strategy is for repurchasing shares. I did have the opportunity to read a couple of the quick analyst reports that came out as the release crossed the wire. And one thing I want to clear up is our guidance range that's out there of $1.95 to $2.15 is with or without the C-Store sale. We will use the proceeds to reduce shares, to replace the EBITDA that goes away with that transaction. I'm not going to talk about the EBITDA level right now. And we will use a portion of those proceeds to reduce debt to balance our net total debt-to-EBITDA ratio out. So we built the plan so that whether we kept the C-Stores or sold the C-Stores, we would offset the lost EBITDA for the year by buying in shares, and then we'll use the rest to -- and other free cash flow to reduce debt to get our net total debt-to-EBITDA ratio in balance. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. It's -- I would go back to the earlier question on margin per gallon of fuel and where we think that might be and things like that. We really do run our business over the course of a year. And frankly, we try to run it a little bit -- over a little bit longer time frame than a year. But we do try to make sure that we have guidance out there that's relevant and meaningful to investors. My long-winded answer is I'm not going to give you a quarterly cadence. We are in this for the long haul. A quarter is 12 weeks long most times; the first quarter, 16 weeks long. And trying to say every quarter is going to be exactly X or exactly Y, I can tell you they rarely wind up exactly at X or exactly Y. And that's why we make modifications throughout the year. Sometimes we may need a little more. Sometimes we have a little extra, and do we take some to the bottom line? Do we invest some more? And we're constantly balancing that throughout the year. And we really try to do that on a rolling year basis, not just when I get midway through the year, I'm only worried about the second half. We're already thinking about the first half of next year. 
