David Dillon: Thank you, Mike. Kroger had a solid quarter because our associates delivered strong results in line with our Customer 1st strategy and consistent with our expectations. The economy is sluggish, one of Kroger's strengths is our insight into our customers. As a result, we're able to adjust our offerings to meet the customers' changing needs. Whatever the environment, our Customer 1st strategy will maintain the right balance for our customers and shareholders, growing customer loyalty and delivering earnings and earnings per share growth consistently. We will continue to deliver value today and invest for the future.  Now we look forward to your questions.
David Dillon: John, these were investments that we often talk about in investments we make with the customers, things that we think will appeal to them. They are investments that we had planned to make at later times in the year that will be ongoing. We simply moved it up a little bit in time.
David Dillon: Well, the customers obviously are segmented in this kind of the economy even more maybe than normal. And we're seeing that the higher end, more affluent customers, we're seeing their behavior actually continue pretty much what we've seen in the first quarter. So we're seeing good solid growth in areas that you might expect, same things we identified last time. Things like organic produce and sushi and Starbucks and Boar's Head meats and some of those areas are all performing solidly and continue to do so.
David Dillon: Well, first, don't get me started on that. This group's holding me back because I have some rather strong opinions on the subject. But the point you're really making is that we don't need to be economists to try to understand what's happening with the customers. We need to ask our customers, and we need to look at their actual behavior as it shows itself in the store. And by trying to do that, while there's not a way to quantify it with great precision, you can get a pretty good feel. And we've tried to give you some color to that, give you a sense of what we're seeing and I think we've done that. And I think, actually, I feel very comfortable that we have a good feel for what our customers go through. Part of it is driven really by our own associates who live every day in the communities that they serve. They themselves go through the same kinds of feeling, and then they of course live it through their own friends, neighbors, family and everyone else. And that gets reflected back in our thinking as well as the dunnhumby data, as well as the panel work that we do with our customers.
David Dillon: Think of it as a grid that you have -- as opposed to metrics that go together to determine whether they're classified as loyal.
David Dillon: I would look at -- what we've tried to do is try to look at where we are in balancing investments in gross margin and money that we save in our overall expenses. And so it's that combination which produces the operating profit, is the way we think about it. And this quarter is a little unusual, frankly, and that's why we actually gave more color than usual. Because while the investment in gross was partly driven by when you have periods of high inflation, you're going to naturally have some of that, and then of course some of the things that we've done and chosen to invest. But the second thing is and we identified a lot more color on this was the various components of our OG&A and other expenses. We tried to show you that because there were several items that are unusual. And I won't call them onetime items, but I would call them things that aren't necessarily reoccurring. And examples of that is the incentive pay, is a good illustration, because it was a particularly low last year. And we're accruing based upon what we have given you as guidance for the year this year. So if we produced those results, then the expenses we've shown will be true. And if we don't produce those results, then we'll back some of those expenses out in later quarters. So if you take things like incentive pay, if you take some things like the additional accrual, general liability or the logistics expenses that we identified, you actually have much more savings in OG&A. The 20 basis points, in my mind, was the bigger issue and it was lower than it should have been. But if you take those other issues into account, it actually ended up being a higher number. So the difference between our gross investment and the expenses in the quarter was, in terms of our ongoing business, was much narrower than these numbers imply.
David Dillon: Yes, it was down 78 basis points. We had a really good solid expense control and some of the expenses that are embedded in the gross, in particular shrink really had a good performance. We didn't use it because we actually think it's -- we think it's more relevant for the way you all look at the business to look from the gross profit and the OG&A and the other expenses and then the operating profit. But you're certainly welcome to it.
David Dillon: Well, if you look at what we would've had in our internal estimates or budgets, there may have only been 4 periods, or 5 months or 6 months of pricing investments. By moving them forward, we'll end up with 9 or 10 months of expense this year. And some of that will be additional expense in the dollars in 2011. Now the flip side, most of the things that we find, the lines would cross where the gross profit dollars actually improve over time. And those are the things that we would expect that would happen in 2012. So that would be one of the reasons for not the change in the adjustment. The other thing is, remember, a year ago we also had a tax credit over change in reserves that helped a couple of cents, too. And we had one in the third quarter as well.
David Dillon: Well, it may help you to know that our bonus plan, mine specifically but all of ours, is based upon, in part, based upon EBITDA. So you know that we pay close attention to that number. So that's the first thing I would tell you. Second is that we look at this over a longer time span. I don't think a quarter timeframe gives you a good enough feel generally. Sometimes it does, but generally doesn't give you enough feel for market. And one thing that we have tried to do, in fact I'd have to say -- I would want to say that we pride ourselves in doing, is try to give you an objective, as objective as an insider can give, an objective view of what we really think is happening inside our business. And that's the reason we tried to add some of this color about what was happening with the expenses because I actually feel the quarter was quite solid. I am very pleased with the way it balanced out. There were a couple of anomalies that were raised some concerns that you mostly addressed. For instance, we got the benefit of tax on one hand. We did choose to advance some spending on some items that was going to happen anyway, it's just a question of when we chose to put it in place. And we thought we'd get some benefits this year by going ahead, and we wanted to try to get those benefits in the second half so that's why we got started a little earlier. And then we had some expenses that were really the kind of that don't reoccur. The logistics expense, the general liability we've already mentioned. And then of course the incentive, if we had a decent year last year the comparison wouldn't have been as great. And then I haven't even mentioned the LIFO at all. But when you add up a sharp turn in inflation compared to where we were last year, if I can remember right, I think in the second quarter last year we had a deflation in grocery, I believe.
David Dillon: Slight inflation. And as a result, it was a totally different picture, so we had a big increase then in the LIFO charge this quarter, too, which as you know, just an accounting entry. So I feel better about it than what I think you're describing. And I would look at a longer-term horizon than just a single quarter and take the first quarter, second quarter and third and fourth and look at our guidance.
David Dillon: Well, I think the thing I would judge based on is what happens with our sales, what happens with our household growth and then what happens with earnings per share. If we hit the guidance that we've given you, and that's what we're saying we believe it will achieve, and we think that will be a quite solid year particularly. In any year, I think it'd be a quite solid year, but particularly given how sluggish the economy is.
David Dillon: Yes, 3 and a few days, and we are running in sales approximately the same as to what we did last quarter. So really, you'd have to say so far this is consistent with the trend we saw last quarter. As per tonnage, tonnage was positive. It was slightly positive. It wasn't strongly positive. And I think that's a clear result of higher pricing and people are buying fewer items as a result of higher pricing. And that's true not just with us, but I think that's a universal statement that would be true really with just about every retailer. In fact, my personal opinion is, is that the overall market in terms of if you can put your arms around items that are sold in the overall market, I think those items are down on the whole. And the fact that we are positive suggests, and I think it's absolutely true, is that we're growing market share and the market just seems to be contracting just a bit. So that's how I'd size that part up. We saw a slight shift more in the direction of Kroger brand products, not a big surprise. Sort of a reminder of maybe a year or so ago, maybe 2 years ago, as customers got more concerned about the economy, there was a little more shift towards our products. We're, of course, pleased with that because we think we have outstanding Kroger brand products. So I think that's a thumbnail sketch that I would leave you with.
David Dillon: Well, I've generally made a big distinction on these calls in discussing inflation between center of the store and the perishable areas. And the reason really isn't so much competitive behavior, but it's because of customer behavior. In the grocery side of things, in the center of the store side of things, it actually is pretty clear-cut. We have been passing that along. I think all of our competitors have been passing that along. You see some tonnage change and the CPG companies, manufacturers and even retailers have to decide what's the right price for the tonnage. And so that's how grocery works out. But the perishables, customers shift what they buy in a nanosecond. I mean walk into produce, just as an example, and if bananas happen to be high this week, you start switching and say, I think I'll buy apples this week. So there are plenty of other things to shift to, so the rate of inflation and where the movement goes is really a totally interesting computer puzzle. And as a result, I would say that, generally, you wouldn't see a direct connection between what we're able to achieve in sales in a department and what happens with the rate of inflation in a department. And I think in produce, for instance, in that case it wasn't so much -- wasn't anything, really, other than the growing season changed. And as a result, product was short at certain points of the time, which meant the pricing was high at certain parts of the time, which meant customers didn't buy that product as much as they would have otherwise. So it ended up being a case where our gross profit in produce wasn't as strong as we thought it might have otherwise been, but for that spike in pricing.
David Dillon: No, I think it's really more if you look overall everything that we can find, total gallon usage across the country continues to decline. And we continue to gain share. Also we would have some, we'd call it sister store impacts, but obviously impacts when you open a new fuel site on others. Some would also be as we expanded the Shell program, some customers that would've come for us before for a reward would go to Shell if the Shell location is more convenient.
David Dillon: We think that everything we do in any given year helps build for the next year, so the answer is yes. And we have -- we've given now, given you our long term kind of forecast of where we see the company. And that's one of the ways we produce continued growth in sales and continued growth in earnings by setting things up to cause the customer to keep coming next year.
David Dillon: Well, I think it's really 2 things. First is we look at tax like that as certainly not something that is replicable. It's not in our plan to have that every quarter. Love to have it every quarter, but not likely. And so it's a onetime thing, so we would not spend it in something that is new and ongoing. So I wouldn't incur some big new expense in the second quarter that's going to be a big new expense in the third quarter, if the way in which I thought of was going to pay for it was a onetime event. So all we really did was slide earlier some of the expenses that we were going to already be incurring. Second is, I think we read the economy as we've described it. It's sluggish and we thought any extra help that we could give to customers at this time would be appreciated. It was not in reaction to any competitive situation at all. In fact, I think the markets are quite rational right now.
David Dillon: I do appreciate the question but that's a discussion actually for our board room, not for this call.
David Dillon: Well, Mark, I'm not going to comment on a competitor specifically. The comment we'll make is that we see the market as rational, and we see our competitors have followed a similar strategy to what we have. Generally, they pass through cost increases if they've gotten them.
David Dillon: Again, I'd say the market was pretty rational and I would not characterize our gross profit investment as a promotional pricing that would generally cause the market to react. That wasn't our objective and I didn't see that happening.
David Dillon: Sure. I think what we did not anticipate back then was the competitive environment that, really, had I been in a competitor shoes, I would've needed to become more aggressive. It wasn't so much back then that we did something that sparked a reaction. It was all of the operating environment was set up in such a way that you almost had to go after sales because we were all -- not we were all, we weren't, but many of our competitors were running negative identical sales and that generally produces a different kind of reaction. Well, in an inflationary environment like this, I'd be shocked if most of our competitors didn't have better sales than what they have had before, and we have better sales than what we had before. And it often is actually a little easier to manage. Now sometimes inflation gets a little too high. But it's a little easier to manage because you have inflation in your product cost, but you don't have it quite as much as you have in the expenses. So that's why I think that situation is different. I don't actually see them as parallel. And certainly not on our part any kind of a competitive move that we think is going to give us an upper hand or something. We think of the business longer term than quarter-to-quarter. We're looking at business over the course of a year and 2 years and 3 years, and we're trying to build. And so it shouldn't shock you ever that we reinvest in places that we think are meaningful to the customer. But at the same time, you should keep holding us accountable to find places to save to help fund that investment. And in this particular quarter, we did not do that and we've identified the reasons why. We think they are short duration. And as a result, felt like it was an acceptable and appropriate way for us to pursue a longer-term strategy.
David Dillon: Well, let's see. The traffic we have is total and it's not same store, right? And it was up about 1%. And the average sale was up about 4%.
David Dillon: Thank you. And before we have everybody hang up, we do have a few comments we want to share particularly with our associates who we encourage to listen into the call. I want to remind you all that Sunday, this Sunday, is the 10th anniversary of the tragic attacks of September 11. We have asked that all of our supermarkets pause for a moment of silent reflection to remember the victims in honor of the heroes of 9/11. Kroger supermarkets in the Eastern time zone will pause for a moment of silence at 8:46 a.m. this Sunday, marking the time when the American Airlines Flight 11 struck the World Trade Centers North Tower 10 years ago. Because of the time difference, stores operated by Kroger in other parts of the country will do the same thing later that morning.  We can do much more to honor the memory of those who perished and many of our associates will join in a special remembrances where they work. Our King Soopers Store Manager, Tim Dowdell, whose brother, Lt. Kevin Dowdell, was among the 343 firefighters who lost their lives in New York on 9/11. He displays the flag prominently at his store every day. And I love that.  I also encourage you to join in our local efforts throughout the month of September to recognize and thank our everyday heroes, whether it's a special celebration, a gift of a meal, a simple thank you. You can help show your deep appreciation to the men and women who help keep our families, communities and stores safe.  Thank you, all, for joining us today. Goodbye.
J. Schlotman: And the items that were selected based on the work that was done with dunnhumby as it always is in terms of identifying what's most important to the customer and the environment that we're in, and making sure those match against what the customer desires are.
J. Schlotman: In the prepared comments, one of the things, it's one of the reasons we want to make sure, if you look in the grocery department, the profit per item actually improved slightly during the quarter. And we thought it was really important for everybody to understand that we were able to pass those cost increases through. And we actually, if you look at profit per item, it's slightly improve. It's not huge, but a little bit. Obviously in periods of inflation, the inflation itself will drive a little lower margin.
J. Schlotman: Well, if you look, it's something that we measure obviously every time we make a one-on-one marketing decision. Customers continue to react better and better in terms of as defined about their editorial feedback they give us and the actual usage of what we do on a targeted basis. Now we've been doing this for, I don't know, I guess 6 years now. And if you look at the trend over time, we've had tremendous improvement in terms of being able to engage with the customer in a way that they appreciate and need better and better. And it's something that every quarter we get better, but we're constantly working with dunnhumby and our merchandising teams to figure how to even get better from where we are.
J. Schlotman: And the focus, as Dave has mentioned, the focus is really making sure we balance the OG&A reduction with the gross margin change. And if you look at the second quarter, as you look forward, we're working really hard to make sure that those stay completely in balance. There were a couple of unusual situations in the second quarter that made that difficult and that's what Mike highlighted.
J. Schlotman: If you look at the total dollars we would expect to spend in investments, we would expect them to increase because you'll end up with 9 or 10 months or 8 or 9 months of dollar investments, where before, we may have only had 4 or 5 months in the budget. So if you look at the dollars that we would expect to invest in pricing for the year, or services in some cases, you would end up with more dollars. In terms of the second half, the expectation, assuming that we picked the right things to accelerate the pricing on, is we would expect first the tonnage will improve nicely as a result of that. Then over time, the gross profit dollars will actually increase. But the gross profit dollars, in terms of them actually increasing, is different for different items, and that elasticity really is different for different categories. And that's the work with dunnhumby in terms of trying to make sure we understand that.
J. Schlotman: The fuel gallons in total were up. On an identical basis, slightly up, but not as much as what they would have been in the past.
J. Schlotman: But overall, we would be very focused on consistently delivering the 6% to 8% earnings per share growth plus the dividend of 1.5% to 2% for a total of 8% to 10%. And we would look at what we can do in '12 in the context of making sure that we can deliver that.
J. Schlotman: Chuck, at this point we have a little around $300 million remaining that we can spend. And we think that's comfortably going to keep us in the market for several months as we go forward here. And at this point, don't see any need to comment on whether or not we would increase the authorization with the $300 million remaining.
J. Schlotman: Right now, we would expect probably, it wouldn't be so much the pass-through getting better but the inflation pressures would be a little less. Now if you look at dairy, we would expect a little less inflation there. If you look at produce, we would expect less inflation there. If you look at meat, we would not see much change in meat and seafood. So I don't think it's so much the pressure from pass-through as it's just the cost pressure, on the cost pressure side.
J. Schlotman: I just would add one small point. If you look at earnings per share without the tax and other items, it's $0.41 versus $0.38, which is a 7.9% increase. If you look at the $1.95 on the top side of the range, that's an 11% increase in earnings per share for the year. And then obviously, add the dividend on top of that, which is close to 2% right now. So all 3 of those numbers are very, very strong looking out for the shareholder and delivering for the shareholder a return.
J. Schlotman: Yes, but remember we had 39 fewer stores this year than a year ago. So our ID sales are actually higher than our non-ID sales because of that.
Rodney McMullen: And that customer is behaving as we would hope. But they continue to tell us they're more and more concerned about the economy, the stock market and eating out less. So what they're doing and what they're saying is a little inconsistent. But usually, eventually, it will catch up with what they say.
Rodney McMullen: It's a combination of number of visits and how much a customer spends. And some customers will come every day, other customers will come once every 2 weeks. Both can be loyal, and it really depends on their behavior and activity. And then we've done an awful lot of work of understanding where else they shop to understand how loyal they are to us versus other retailers.
Rodney McMullen: Yes, we said it was 5.2 in the quarter. We still expect for the year to be 3 to 4. And remember those numbers are year-on-year. And when you go back, we started seeing some inflation late last year.
Rodney McMullen: I mean the general liability is primarily driven by our -- an increase in the cost per claim over what we had been trending and it caused us to raise our reserves for several prior years. So the short answer to your question is the 10 basis points we called out, neither one of those expenses would've been in our original expectations for the year, which is why we did call them out in the quarter. We don't want to make a bunch of excuses, but they are there.
Rodney McMullen: And the only thing I would add, if you expect something to go up in cost for 4 weeks or 6 weeks, many times you won't even -- you won't be able to pass that cost through because if it's going to come right back down in 6 weeks, it just doesn't make much sense to do that, especially if the market doesn't allow you to do that. So you really have to look at each category area specifically for that, and that would be one of the reasons in produce that you wouldn't see the same pass-through there as what you would see in grocery, because if Jiff raises the price of peanut butter, it's going to probably be that way for 6 months or a year or whatever.
Rodney McMullen: I mean on the fuel margin, we wouldn't have looked at it any different. As you know, we're much more focused on fuel margin for the year because any particular month you'll have volatility both directions. The fuel margin happened, was better than we expected, a little faster than we expected. We would not expect that to continue going forward.
Rodney McMullen: And I don't think that is what we would expect. We have a, as we've described regularly, we have 12 to 18 months visibility in how we want to invest dollars in all 4 keys of our Customer 1st strategy. And as we move things around, if we have the ability like we did with the tax benefit to move something up to balance our earnings per share growth, we will look at what we want, how we want to balance overall spending in '12 as well.
Rodney McMullen: Total grocery that includes dairy would be slightly higher than that. With dairy, I think it's probably a little lower than that -- without dairy, I mean. It's probably right at or a little lower than the overall blended rate. It's about 5% without dairy. Now one of the things I want to -- and I'm not going too long into this, I'd be happy to talk about it later. But the inflation number we give out is a volume-weighted calculation based on how our product is sold and bought by our -- or how our customers buy our product. So we volume-weight the way in which a customer buys an item when we calculate the inflation number that we talk about. It's an entirely different inflation calculation than we use for LIFO, which is just purely the cost of product this year and how many items we have this year and last. And I don't know -- a lot of times people want to compare our inflation with other people's inflation, and all I know is how we calculate our inflation. We try to do it based on what our customers are seeing and feeling on how they shop, and I don't know how other people do their inflation calculation. So that's important to keep in mind.
