W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We are proud of our team's performance during the quarter, especially in light of the challenging operating environment. We've been through business cycles like this before. The best thing we can do is to deliver on our promise while investing for the future. We will continue to execute our Customer 1st strategy, and by doing so, we'll create long-term value for our shareholders. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: The -- as you started out your question, it's obviously very early. And as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we're now in 25 markets. What we're finding is almost anything you say would be correct. So there's some new customers, and we find in some situations, a customer will spend more with us. But as you know, we're so focused on what is it the customer wants and needs are, and what we have is some of our customers tell us they really appreciate it. And that's really why we're focused on it and continue to roll it out because some customers find it incredibly helpful. We definitely -- from everything that we see, we find it's an and, and not an or. And the ClickList customer continues to come into the store, and it really is just one more way of making their life a little bit easier. 
W. McMullen: The -- we have it in both types of stores, and we really find the behavior isn't that much different, but we do not have the Marketplace product on the website. So somebody -- if somebody wants to buy something from the Marketplace side, they have to put it in the comment section, "Can you get me that?" and obviously, we will. But the -- we don't see differences in behavior between one type and other. One of the things that's always part of the consideration is do we have space to do it in a store, and that's driven as much the decision on a size of store. There's some Marketplace stores we don't have it in that we'd like to have it in because we just really don't have the space to do it. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And the economy yet to me, and Mike and I have talked about this, it's really hard to describe, and it's very mixed. And how much of that is driven because of the election and everything else, I'll let somebody that has better insights into that than us to try to speculate on that. The strength certainly doesn't feel as strong as the numbers suggest. But with that said, if you look at the things that would be discretionary items or more upscale items if you look at wine, Boar's Head, Murray's, Starbucks, all of those continue to grow very nicely from an identical standpoint and well outperform the total. So it's really pretty hard to describe from what we can see. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look, we take all competitors serious. So to say we only focus on one, we really do look at all competitors. And we think it's incredibly important to make sure we focus on what our customer needs are. And as you know, if you look on an annual basis, we've invested -- we are investing $3.6 billion in price today versus when we started on the journey. So we would have every intentions to continue to maintain our price position. But when you look at overall, the total customer, the way they look at value, it's much more than just price. And as you know, we stay focused on the total customer needs, and fresh products are incredibly important. What's the shopping experience? How long is the customer in line? How do they get treated by associates? All of those things are equally important, and we really are focused on continuing to improve all of those, and we've made substantial improvements in all of those. And the customer doesn't make a decision to shop-- where to shop based on only one dimension. And we think some of those other things create a very large competitive advantage for us. 
W. McMullen: But as Mike mentioned before, tonnage continues to improve. We continue to improve market share. If you look at year-on-year, we continue to improve the connection with the customer, and our gross profit dollars and departments remain strong as well. So I think it's important to look at all those things together. 
W. McMullen: When you're in the start-up period, obviously, it's a headwind. There, it's more expense versus the other way. We certainly see that if you look at a model, we feel very comfortable the model can scale out to where, from a profitability standpoint, the customer can do either one, and we're completely indifferent. One of the things that our team has done a lot of work on is trying to make sure we design a ClickList model that can scale to whatever the volume it scales to. So if it's 5% of the business, we'll do fine at 5%. If it becomes 20%, we'll do fine at 20%. And our team really has done a lot of work to try to make sure we design a model that can scale and scale from a profitability standpoint and the consumer will let us -- lead us to where -- what they -- what percentage they want it to be. 
W. McMullen: I don't know that we'll give you the exact number, but the 100 basis points isn't remotely correct. And don't forget you have the week after as well, and you really have to look at the 2 weeks together. 
W. McMullen: Sorry to interrupt, but when you look at it overall, it was pretty close to where we expected it to be. 
W. McMullen: I want to answer, but I don't want it to sound flip. The short answer is absolutely. And as you can imagine, we would look at any and all approaches. The thing that's important is if we find somebody to make an investment in that they would value the leverage that we bring to the party as well and assign some value to that. So it's not just something that has pure option value in the way they're getting valued. So the short answer is yes, we would be very open to doing it on our own or doing it with somebody. And I think if you look at our track record, we've had both approaches. 
W. McMullen: I don't know that I want to go in specifics because if you look at over the last, say, 2 years, you're going to find that type of variance among all retailers when you get down to a specific market, and it's really which market are you looking at. So I would hesitate to say there's something that's just fundamentally changing because you'll see those behaviors in specific markets all the time, because any of us, there may be some market that we're trying to cause something to happen. If you look -- as you know, for us, we've invested a ton of resources and labor improving the freshness of our products and especially in the produce department. And our customers are telling us we've -- we're making meaningful improvements in what they see from a freshness standpoint in produce, specifically. We're getting the same thing in other departments, but produce would be one as well. And for us, it's really important the progress we're making to continue to make improvements from that. And as you know, from an organic produce standpoint, we find that we have outstanding variety of organic, and customers continue to connect with that in a much deeper way. 
W. McMullen: If you look overall, it's tracking on plan. I would say the thing that's taken a little longer than we would have expected is to get the actual thing started. So if you look at Wisconsin, obviously, I mentioned it in the prepared remarks. But on remodeling stores and making some of those changes, it took a little longer to get started than what we would have guessed. Now why we thought we could get it started so quickly, I'm not sure, and we'll learn that for the next time we do something, because we're still doing it faster than what we can do it within one of our historical Kroger divisions. The thing that I would say that I'm extremely pleased with is the -- our associates in -- at Roundy's and how welcoming they are and how excited they are to be part of Kroger and making sure that we leverage the size of Kroger, and the synergies continued to actually come in better than what we were expecting a little bit. But as you know, we'll continue to invest those synergies into driving our business. I don't know, Mike, you work on it closer than I do. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Mariano's, there really isn't much of a focus on assortment. There may be some products that the team in Chicago asked for -- we'll, obviously, give them access to it, and we'll start carrying it. But in Mariano's, the focus is continuing to build more stores. And I think this year, we'll end up opening 4 or 5 stores in Chicago on a base of 30-some stores. So very aggressive capital plan there. 
W. McMullen: There's no doubt that you see people, like in beef, buying more beef, things like that. So those things are definitely happening, but some of those prices are the best prices that customers would have seen in, I want to say, almost 3 years, just reflecting back. So how much of it is driven because of economy and how much of it is just driven because it is a great -- it's a good value again given the changes in price. I don't know, Mike, you were looking at details. 
W. McMullen: Yes, on the labor changes, we would not have very many management people that would be below the new minimum wage. We are going through and understand exactly how it will impact us, but a rough guess on an annualized basis, it's probably -- right now our guess would be $15 million to $20 million for the whole year. So it's -- in the overall scheme of things, it's not a lot, but we're still in the process of making sure what's the best approach for all our associates, but we don't have that many people that make less than that. 
W. McMullen: And if you look at our overall Roundy's strategy when we announced the merger, we really look at it as a 3-year approach, and obviously, some of the things that we've talked about as part of it. But as Mike just mentioned, real estate would be part of that remodeling stores, expanding stores. All of those things would be part of the total package. One of the reasons why we get excited about Roundy's was obviously Mariano's, but in addition to that, in Wisconsin, the quality of the real estate, most of the real estate they have there is very good locations and for the most part, good store sizes as well. 
W. McMullen: It's very diverse. And if you look, it would certainly be heavily weighted to the mainstream and then scale from that. So it's diverse from ethnic diversity. It's diverse from income diversity. It's diverse from age, which, for us, we obviously get excited by it being all of those groups. 
W. McMullen: In Chicago, it's completely different. Obviously, this condition of the store base is substantially very, very good. Most of the stores -- the first store was opened in 2010. They had acquired a bunch of stores from Dominick's when Dominick's left the market. They're in the process of remodeling those stores. But the rest of the stores are in very good condition. The biggest thing in Chicago is just cycling a lot of sister store impacts because there were so many incremental new stores because of the Dominick's acquisition. But it's really -- the focus there is to continue to execute the plan, continue to connect deeper with customers and grow our market share. And Chicago is a fantastic market that we really like. Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. And as you know, I always like to tell our associates a few comments because we just have so many that listen in. And first, I want to take this -- take a moment to extend our deepest sympathies to the family and friends of those who lost their lives in the recent horrific attack in Orlando. What happened is tragic and heartbreaking. I also want to thank the first responders who put their lives in danger every day to protect us. I know our family of associates, those at Axiom Health Care outside of Orlando, across Florida and throughout the rest of the country is deeply saddened by what has happened. We stand in support of the LGBT community. An event like this affects each and every one of us. No matter where we live or work, it serves to remind us of what is most important, and that is taking care of each other. I want to thank our associates everywhere who demonstrate our values of diversity, inclusion and respect every day, to treat all with dignity, to seek and embrace the differences among people and to lift each other up. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining us, and have a good summer. 
J. Schlotman: No. One of the things we have done is if you look at our real growth, that's IDs minus the inflation number that we give,-- if you look at the 2-year stack of that, it's amazingly consistent quarter-to-quarter, less than a 50 basis point swing when you look at it over the last 5 or 6 quarters. So when you look at things over a little bit longer time frame and you take out the effects of inflation on the reported numbers, our results have actually been amazingly consistent. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. When you look at the units per basket, they were down slightly, but that was overcome by more trips, making more trips to drive more units during the quarter. So the -- if you just looked at those 2 metrics, it would have been a slight increase in the tonnage, and then the new households pushed the tonnage to be nicely positive. I think Rodney touched the -- there's clearly a lot going on out there. The macro environment, there's the inflation, deflation. There's gas retails were rising during the quarter. There -- it was an interesting quarter, but there's so many unusual things out there. Our own comparisons to a lot -- like Rodney said, the Super Bowl this year, then the weather, then Memorial Day moving. As Rodney said, the cadence of ID sales was really a little bit all over the board depending on the week you're looking at. But our fundamental approach is focused on the customer, make sure we're delivering on the value propositions that they want. And -- but just based on how they're shopping with us, it sure seems like we're hitting the mark on that. 
J. Schlotman: You do see those types of items in a lot of the baskets of the incremental trip. And as people strive to eat healthier and eat more fresh products rather than buying it and putting it in the refrigerator or freezer, it does appear as though they're making their trips to the grocery store a little more regularly and buying for a few days rather than for a week-long stock-up. That's certainly what it seems to be. 
J. Schlotman: Well, of course, I think about it. The effect of the interest rate, it's really -- it's odd how a lot of pensions are calculated from the liability using  interest rates, the present value of the liability. If you look at state and local and federal pensions and multiemployer pensions, their liability is actually calculated using the expected rate of return, it's the discount rate. So UFCW plans, the way they calculate their unfunded status is really unaffected by changes in the interest rate unless they change their expected rate of return. It's the same way state -- it's just the way it's mandated to be done or is done. It would affect the company plan a little bit, but remember, our company plan is a frozen plan. There continue to be benefits earned by those who are still working and are participants in it, but there's no new participants in it. And we try to maintain the funded status of that enough so we don't have to do some reporting issues to participants. But I never want that fund to go overfunded because as the last person winds up getting their check, there's no easy way to get any excess money out of that. So we purposefully manage that to be slightly underfunded. We're not even -- to be underfunded because some day rates will go up, and I don't want to put a bunch of money in now and then wake up in 5 years and have the fund be overfunded because I can't do anything with it. 
J. Schlotman: They're a little bit all over the board. I would say in the 7s is the most common, not a lot different than state -- all the state pension plans -- they're all -- they all do it the same way. 
J. Schlotman: Well, as I said in prepared remarks, we would have expected to start seeing a little bit more inflation right now than when we were sitting here 3 or 4 months ago thinking about it, and it just hasn't happened. And as I sit here today, it certainly doesn't feel like we're going to have the pickup in overall food inflation. Milk would have been projected to start having some cost increases, but the federal market order on milk isn't showing any upward trend or not any significant upward trend. So I think we're going to wind up most of the year in a fairly low inflationary environment. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we've continued to see strong growth in all households, including loyal and nonloyals. And I would go back to Rodney's prior comments on our unending -- the never-ending focus on the customer and making sure we understand what they want and figuring out a way to deliver that with them while still having the right value proposition for them and our shareholders. 
J. Schlotman: It's our expectation for the year. If you look at the first quarter, we delivered the 2.4% in exactly that kind of an environment, and that was without the weather from the prior year and Memorial Day moving. So we continue to focus on driving units, driving tonnage and making sure that the customer's getting the well-rounded shopping experience that Rodney just spoke of. 
J. Schlotman: I am as well. And if that's the impression that is out there, I've never been so happy to help you be wrong. 
J. Schlotman: Fuel continues to be very volatile, and it certainly -- again, sitting here in June trying to predict the rest of the year, and it certainly seems from what we see today that fuel will-- coming in at that or below it, we pumped a couple billion gallons of fuel in the first quarter, and a very smaller change in that retail cents per gallon adds up to a lot of money very quickly. So it's not like fuel has to change by $0.04 for it to affect our numbers in a big way. And it certainly seems that the trend would be closer to the below the 5-year average than at the 5-year average. But again, overall, it's really tough to predict. The last 4 days, oil has gone down. Is that going to lead to lower wholesale price of unleaded fuel? We'll know in the next few days. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I don't think I'll go down to that level of detail and walk through all the individual numbers. We continue to make the investments we plan to make in price throughout the first quarter. Certainly, the dynamics of deflation when you look at the whole gross profit margin for the entire company makes it kind of interesting because the -- as you have deflation, if you pass on exactly the lower cost to the customer, it drives your gross profit rate up. It's just simple math. Pharmacy continues to be a bit of a headwind to the gross profit numbers as well with some of the inflation in there and where the reimbursements rates are. So it's just a really big mixed bag. I would need several hours probably to explain it to you. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, and inflation in produce in the first quarter was almost 400 basis points lower than the fourth quarter. Still inflationary, but from fourth quarter to first quarter, it declined almost 400 basis points less inflation. 
J. Schlotman: I currently have exhausted the authority the board's given me. And if you look at our history, we don't like to be without authority for any particular point in time, and we have gotten the cadence over the last couple of years of front-end loading our buyback for the year. But we always want to have dry powder if the stock reacts in a way that we don't think is prudent based on our view of the underlying value of the company. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I would say it hasn't really changed very much other than it looks like it's going to come slower, which could lead to less inflation for the full year by the time we get to the end of the year. And really, as Rodney said earlier, everything we're seeing is really price-led deflation, not demand-driven. We haven't -- I'm not sure, trying to understand the view of demand-driven deflation on the fly here because the number we're talking about is what we pay for a product versus what we paid for it last year. So I'm not sure that demand would have to change rather dramatically in the marketplace for it to affect our grocery category. But everything we're seeing is just a little bit less inflation than we expected right now, and it look likes that's going to persist. 
J. Schlotman: No, I agree, and I do agree with Rodney's comment. I'm not sure why we were as bullish as we were being able to get remodel started because with an early termination of the HSR filing, the time from announcement to close was very quick, and then you had the holidays because we closed on December 18. And it just takes a while to get plans drawn, to get sign-off on how we're going to remodel the stores and things like that. But I can -- you can rest assured that if we found the right partner in Wisconsin to go to, you would see a lot of activity going on in and around a lot of the stores today. 
J. Schlotman: No, I absolutely agree with what Rodney said. And if you look at the meat category in particular, until we got into late 2015, in 2014, you had -- in the early part of '14, you had mid- to high single digits inflation, ended 2014 with double-digit inflation. Last year started off high, and then as we got into the third and fourth quarter, the prices really started coming down. And it's people buying -- perhaps buying more and people coming back into the categories what's driving it there. 
J. Schlotman: Again, we won't go into specific competitors or geographies. But we always assume the environment around us is going to get more competitive when we build the business plan. If you happen to have a year where that's not the case, that just makes it -- the year a little bit better. But the industry's always been very competitive, and we see no -- nothing out there that would cause it to be less competitive. And we go into every year with that assumption and build a business plan of how we can invest the dollars we have to invest for our customers' benefit to drive more tonnage and more trips to the store and increase loyal households. And as we continue to do that, you see the results as the number of our loyal households continue to grow, their trips to the store continue to grow and then the units they buy on a monthly or quarterly basis continue to grow. And that really winds up being our focus. As Rodney said earlier on competition and pricing environment, we don't ignore anybody. We know what they're doing, but we always come back to what does our customers want and how can we satisfy that need. 
J. Schlotman: We are EMV compliant, where you have to be EMV compliant. The C stores and fuel pumps and things like that have a different deadline to be implemented. Some of our merged companies aren't completely there yet because they started later than we had started, and we're working to get them caught up. But if you look at the pre -- if you look at -- Roundy's has some work to do on EMV compliance, relatively small piece of the total pie. So those things won't affect us. What was the first part of your... 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I would think the 30 basis points is what it will wind up affecting the full year by. They continue to have -- obviously, with it being a headwind, their sales trends are below the rest of the company. It's not like flipping a switch and all of a sudden, you put a program in, and they're done. We're going about this in a very methodical way, for lack of a better word, of making sure the stores are cleaned up, making sure they're reset, making sure stores are remodeled that need to be remodeled. Some may wind up being relocated. And then you step back and you figure out how to get the best value proposition to their customers like we've done premerger with Roundy's. So the good news is this is a game plan that we've used before as we invested in growing -- taking a business who had sluggish sales in Kroger at the turn of the century to a company that has very robust sales. And it's a strategy we would expect to implement in Wisconsin as we go throughout the year. But it won't be flipping a switch where all of a sudden, they'll -- they'll turn on a dime. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we do have the $800 million later this year and $500 million -- a little over $500 million in January. What -- the reason -- I would see as debt matures, terming that out as it comes closer, we have been putting interest rate hedges on that debt throughout time to take some of the interest rate risk off of the table if rates got away from us quickly. Relative to the commercial paper, you'll probably see us maintain commercial paper in that range. It's the easiest way, particularly with where commercial paper rates are today. It's the easiest way for us to get exposure to floating rates. If you want to modify your exposure to floating rates quickly, it's easiest to do that with commercial paper because assuming the markets are open, I can always term it out. If I have swaps or hedges or if I've done a 3- or 5-year floating rate note, you really can't change that quickly or eloquently, so that will be -- continue to be part of our strategy. 
J. Schlotman: Again, it's in the ballpark of what we expected them to be. We have -- as Rodney said, if there's anything on Roundy's of note from us internally, it's that -- just that we had a little bit higher expectations of how quickly we could do some of the things that have taken a little bit longer than we expected, but we do have some momentum going now. 
