W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. I am so proud of our team. We fulfilled our commitments to our customers, associates, shareholders and bondholders in 2014. Kroger captured more share of the massive food market and continued to invest in growing our business. We created thousands of new jobs and hired more than 6,000 veterans last year. While we are very proud of this outstanding year, we are committed to even more. As I mentioned at our Investor Day, our to-do list remains longer than our done list. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Absolutely. And every category would have different results, and that's one of the values of our insight is understanding that. 
W. McMullen: The other thing that's -- a lot of the CPGs would have something different than what we would have is, a lot of the natural food items, do you include that in center store or a separate department? And it's getting increasingly complicated because there are certain categories where natural foods is almost as big as the historical business. So it's a short question but hard to answer. And for us, we're all -- we're completely focused on what it is the customer wants. 
W. McMullen: Yes, but certain categories will always have some tightness on supply, especially at the front end, as farmers transition over to growing more of the organic or natural product. 
W. McMullen: Plus what you make today is something different than you'll make in a -- as you get promoted throughout your career and take on more responsibility. 
W. McMullen: Karen, what I would -- I'm just going to add to Mike's thing. If you look at -- Harris Teeter delivered more than we were expecting, and that was driven because of their strong operations and synergies, but -- fuel obviously drove it, but if you look at core Kroger even without those 2 items, we still exceeded as well. So it's really all 3 pieces that drove the strong results. 
W. McMullen: Ed, it's a question that actually we have spent a little bit of time trying to think through internally. And probably the biggest thing is our associates, our store teams and their -- and all the people that's work our stores. They continue to do a better job of serving -- helping serve our customers on a daily basis, everything from making sure products are fresher to making sure that we treat our customers right. And we really do believe we had a great foundation in place, and our associates really are taking it up to the next level in terms of how they're taking care of our customers. And we think that that's what's -- the thing that's really been successful, and we really appreciate what our associates are doing. 
W. McMullen: Well, Scott, it's a great question. And it's certainly something we think about. And the investor you were talking to, please pass along our appreciation for the compliment because we have a great deal of respect for Costco. We think about it a lot. In terms of -- I guess, I would really say, use your model to figure out how to accelerate the growth. As you know, we continue to accelerate the number of new stores, and we continue to try to make sure that our identical store sales stay strong. So I think that would automatically cause a continuation of an increasing growth rate, but we've spent a tremendous amount of energy and efforts on trying to accelerate our growth at a pace that makes sense for our organization. And one of the keys is we have to make sure we develop associates to be able to handle the accelerated growth as well. 
W. McMullen: The -- I -- we wouldn't ever think that we have a superior way. And all we're really focused on is how to get a little bit better tomorrow than we were yesterday. And for us, that would probably be the biggest part of the Kroger way is really trying to understand what the customers' wants and needs are and trying to get a little bit better at delivering against those. The -- and over time, and numerous times, we've said, anything that's available out there, you should assume that we've looked at it. And it's really making sure that we find something that adds value for our shareholders and something that we think the teams fit in well with Kroger and we can do something for the customer that they don't already have. And when you look at Harris Teeter, it checked all those boxes. And the Harris Teeter team was just amazing, but on smaller scale, Vitacost has been the same way. And a real small scale, YOU Tech has been the same thing. So it's really we're constantly trying to look at things that add new growth for us. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The other thing is that, in certain categories, we're starting to integrate it rather than putting it in a separate space as well. 
W. McMullen: If you look at our identical sales so far this quarter, and obviously it's very early in the year because we're just a few weeks into the year, it would be slightly ahead of where we -- the guidance we gave. But it's very early in the year. On fuel margins, I'll -- Mike, we'll have to let you answer that one because I don't know the answer to that one. 
W. McMullen: Yes, we -- the weather would not have been as helpful this year as it was prior year. So it was really hanging onto some of those customers and really the operating and merchandising teams doing a great job of making sure that we had strong programs to cycle that weather. So it was really the team executing and doing a great job. 
W. McMullen: I want to thank everybody for calling in today and listening to our call. And before we end the call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. I'd like to thank all of our associates for their hard work and dedication in serving our customers. We finished 2014 strong, thanks to your commitment in providing friendly service and fresh products to our 8 million customers every time, every day. Thank you to each and every one of you for making a difference with our customers and for each other. As many of you know, our community service awards honor and recognize our associates who, through their widespread volunteer activity, charitable involvement and leadership, make a difference in the communities where we live, work and raise our families. Nominations for our 2014 community service awards are now being accepted. Whether you support the hungry, veterans and active-duty military, cancer awareness or your favorite local organization, I encourage you to apply and -- or nominate a coworker for this prestigious award. Winners from each division will receive a donation to their charity of choice. Make sure you connect with your HR manager for more information and nomination deadlines in your division. Thank you for all you do. Your work in our communities is simply amazing. That completes our call for today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I would say the day-to-day market conditions will wind up dictating when we make those investments, but I would point out the fact that, at the end of -- when we had our conference call in December, we had not used any of the $500 million buyback authorization. And from my comments today, we have used some now. 
J. Schlotman: Our -- if you look at our average wage of our hourly associates in the store, it's nearly $14 an hour. And if you look at the total benefit package our associates enjoy, it's even stronger than that. It varies, obviously, by geography and particular contracts, but we've been on the forefront not only with a good solid wage. We've had -- we've been very upfront with the unions and have done a lot of things to protect the future pension benefits of our associates, what -- which others aren't doing out there. It's not just the big one we did 2 or 3 years ago. We did some more smaller ones in the first quarter this year, and it wouldn't surprise me if there'll be others that we wind up doing in the future. If you look overall, we are adding jobs. And we added 25,000 jobs last year. We're up to 400,000 jobs. One of the things that we like to say around Kroger is, a lot of people, particularly part-time workers that are under 18, they come to Kroger looking for a job, and they stay for a career. If you look around the ranks of our store managers, 2/3 of them started out as hourly, part-time hourly associates in our store. And that really just talks to the fabric of Kroger and how well we treat our associates overall. So it's more than just about the wages. There's a lot more behind the scenes of what those associates look for when they come to Kroger. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I won't get that granular on the model. From an expectation standpoint, you should have the expectation we'll probably spend a little bit less on share buyback during -- in terms of dollars in 2015 versus 2014. We are increasing our expectations for capital spend by a few hundred million dollars more just because of the great pipeline of projects I spoke of in the prepared comments. And that's what we think, we would believe, is the driver for growth in the future. Keep in mind, back in October of '12, we said, for the first couple of years of this new growth model, we would have 25 -- 1/4 to 1/3 of our EPS growth may come from share buybacks, but that would decline over time as we continue to open successful stores in our fill-in markets. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I won't give specifics on Harris Teeter. I would say that they added a little bit more to earnings per share than our original expectations for the year. They had a phenomenal year. They also helped the core Kroger with some ideas that they have done historically and helped the core Kroger have a very strong year as well. Relative to the comp cadence throughout the year, even though we only had Harris Teeter as a business for this year, we included them in our comp base all year using their 2013 sales. So the sales numbers we reported during 2014 actually included Harris Teeter as though we had owned them in 2013. So there won't be a big inflection point in ID sales from including Harris Teeter going forward. 
J. Schlotman: They -- again, their ID sales were included in our 2014 results, so going forward, they'll continue to be in there. 
J. Schlotman: At this point, that's -- we had a very, very strong first quarter last year, so we are comping off of that. I agree that there will still be some residual benefit in the first quarter from the share buyback, but that was very front-end loaded last year. And we'll -- and as I said earlier, we'll buy less shares back this year than last year. So the combination of those, the way we bought it back last year did hit -- help the first quarter a bit. It's -- a lot of it winds up depending on a huge number of factors. And we just recently finalized our business plan by quarter based off of how the year wound up and what our expectations are for the various quarters. And the best answer I can give you is we're trying to be transparent about how our operators and so forth feel about the cadence throughout the year, and that's what our expectations are. There's a lot of factors that go into it. LIFO certainly will play a factor of how and when we get expense charges in the quarter. As you know, we increased our LIFO charge throughout the year and then it came down in the fourth quarter. So if our estimate for LIFO is accurate this year, second and third quarter will be helped a little bit by a lower LIFO charge as compared to the prior year. So there's lots of things that wind up going into building that model. 
J. Schlotman: Okay, one very long question. If I ask you to repeat parts of those -- I was trying to scribble them down. And as everybody here at Kroger knows, when I write slowly, it's hard to read my penmanship. Rodney took them -- took better notes, apparently. The first point on what -- the broad question. We obviously get very thoughtful and step back pretty far when we think about where we should set our expectations for a particular year. We become very careful and protective of the overall business model that we've developed, and that's focused on the customer as front and center. And as we decide what EBITDA growth rate and earnings per share growth rate is appropriate to ask our divisions and our different operating units to generate during a particular fiscal year, that's first and foremost. We really don't start necessarily with, "Here is what the answer has to be." It's, "What can the answer be? And how do we actually build a model that winds up generating that?" From a comp standpoint, there's numbers of factors that can go into where the IDs can wind up being. One of those that you mentioned was inflation. We are expecting a little bit less inflation. That said, as you know, we have a very large and robust pharmacy business. That was a huge driver of the LIFO charge this year. Where that winds up in 2015 is purely a guess at this point. As I've said oftentimes, if we've done nothing else, the ability to predict the LIFO charge is something that is difficult, at best. You mentioned competition. I don't think competition is benign by any stretch of the imagination, but I'd say it's relatively consistent. It's always highly competitive. You never know what a competitor is going to do. We certainly assume that the current competitive condition is not going to get better than it is today. And it's always been a highly competitive industry. There's always new people trying to take part of your business that have different operating models, whether it's a Sprouts or those kinds of operators; or Publix coming into Charlotte like they have, trying to take part of Harris Teeter's business. And we build a model to defend our turf no matter where those folks try to come. When you look at customer trade-up, I would say it's somewhat -- there's a lot of things out there that are affecting broad customer base. Certainly, I think we probably would have seen some trade-up from the customer who has been less affected by the downturn in the economy over the last several years, probably spending a little bit more money in a variety of outlets, certainly some of ours. I would say, that customer who's been on a budget for the last several years, they probably aren't spending a whole lot more money on being big contributors to a consumer-driven economy. They're probably able to take care of some of the bills that they manage on a monthly basis, trying to remember which one they're going to push off for a little while. And they probably have been able to be a little bit more current on their bills but not a whole lot more disposable income. So it's a pretty big mixed bag out there. The -- certainly, the -- where fuel costs are going to wind up and a whole lot of other factors enter into it, but it's -- I know I've been going on for a bit here, but it's a long and difficult -- one, the question was long, but it's -- there's not a precise answer to say, "It's A and B, and that's what drives the final answer." We've taken lot of factors as we plan the year and think about how it's going to wind up being. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I don't think we need to talk about weekly fuel margins. It's difficult enough to predict what the year is going to be, let alone 4 or 5 weeks, because it's such a volatile area and just won't go down that path this morning. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, as Mike Ellis said in his remarks, we had great tonnage growth throughout the year, and it accelerated a little bit in the fourth quarter. And we don't see any reason why that would slow down during the year. And it's it winds up being in our hands to continue that underlying unit growth. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, you -- if you look at where fuel margins benefited us, and we talked about what the fuel margins were for the year, you know roughly what our gallons are over time, so you can probably figure out the incremental benefit from a margin standpoint on fuel. So if you think about that normalizing and then LIFO being -- expectation being lower, not having the pension contribution or the contribution to the charitable foundation, they don't perfectly offset one another but they come close to being -- negating one another, and that's why we're growing off of the $3.52 at the 8% to 11%. Keep in mind, all of that information aside, our core operations without those would have been at the high end of our 8% to 11% range all by themselves last year. And it's really that underlying strength in the core business that gives us the comfort to be able to have another great year in the 8% to 11% range. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, it's really difficult to predict exactly how many operational closings you're going to have in a particular year. And there's a wide variety of reasons those happen, but if you look at our gross, we expect it to be 2% to 2.5% next year. Our net was a little bit under 1% last year. Our store count has been down. Keep in mind, sometimes when we close an underperforming store, we may be closing an underperforming store, it's underperforming because its sales per square foot are at the way low end of a range of what would make that store profitable. And as we replace that store or open a new store that's larger than that, the net square footage may not go up dramatically, but the sales per square foot of that new store can often be several multiples of the store we closed. So it's a little misleading just to say, "Oh, square footage growth hasn't been that much so they can't grow sales that much." The difference between that productivity of the new store and the store we closed can be quite remarkable sometimes. 
J. Schlotman: No. Obviously, we got a tax deduction for that, but it didn't affect the tax rate in any way, shape or form. And we've just taken advantage of the opportunity of a very strong year to be able to continue to have dollars to support the efforts that we support, both that are important to us and are important to our customers. 
Michael Ellis: Well, actually, our center store has performed better in the fourth quarter than it had in other quarters in 2014. And we've done a lot of work in relaying our center store, getting things refreshed, new products in. And it's been a big focus of us to using customer insights and really going through our stores and doing the work that's around assortment that's really effective. 
Michael Ellis: Supply has been an issue in certain areas, but when you have over 2,600 items, we have a great base of product today, and we're going to continue to expand that. But for the most part, in some of the perishable areas, there's been a supply issue or 2, but we've been able to really take care of the customer. And I don't foresee anything this year in the near future. 
Michael Ellis: Well, it is too early to really to say anything, Meredith, but the learnings that we have from Harris Teeter is really helping us develop our plans on how we're going to go forward. And Harris Teeter has had a very successful business for -- well, they started over 10 years ago in the click-and-collect world. And we've learned a lot, and it's really helping us accelerate our learning and growth. 
Michael Ellis: Great question. Within natural foods, there are so many categories that customers are connecting with today that get stronger and stronger, from dairy products, gluten-free. We can go on and on. And our ability to cross-merchandise some of those products throughout the store, I think, has made some of those products more available in a broader way to a larger customer base. We keep talking about the blurring of departments, and natural foods is becoming more and more mainstream for many people. So it's really broad based when you look at where the growth is. And we're trying all kinds of new things to make these types of products more available to our customers every day. On Vitacost, we love what we have. And it's a solid platform, and we plan to do other things with that over time. And I think you'll be seeing some things in the near future. 
Michael Ellis: Well, we are doing a -- we're still at beta test in 1 store here in Cincinnati, but at Harris Teeter, we're at about 160-some stores that are currently offering that to the customer. And I'll tell you what, the growth is exciting. Customers love the service, and the numbers continue to grow. We're setting new records at Harris Teeter all the time on more customers shopping this -- in this way. And it's a big part of our strategy going forward. 
Michael Ellis: I think you're going to continue to see great growth in natural foods. It's more a way of life for our customer today. 
