W. McMullen: Thanks, Gary. The results we've shared with you today are a testament to our business model strength and agility to support our customers in all economic environments. This is made possible because of the hard work and dedication of our incredible associates. Before we open the floor to your questions, let me provide a brief update on our pending merger with Albertsons. As you may know, I had the opportunity and Vivek did as well to testify before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on antitrust, competition policy and consumer rights this week. I shared with the senators that our merger will lower prices for customers starting day 1, continued investments in our associates and stores and customer experience and do even more in our communities than either company can do alone. We believe this merger will allow us to fulfill these commitments to our customers, our associates and our communities well into the future. We are making early progress on our integration planning as expected and we continue to engage with all of our stakeholders and regulators. We are advancing our road map to close the transaction in early 2024. We look forward to working with the regulators as they review the transaction and do not have a substantial update at this time. We would ask that you focus your questions on our quarterly performance and our progress on our strategy. With that, Gary and I look forward to taking your questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I'll start and let Gary finish it. Part of it is just cycling inflation from a year ago. We are beginning to now cycle the higher inflation a year ago. Gary, with that, I'll let you get into a little bit more asset specific. 
W. McMullen: Relative to the competitive environment, we continue to see it pretty similar to how it's been throughout the year. all retailers are doing everything they can to minimize the impact on inflation to customers the best you can do. And we obviously would use our personalized and promotions that are directly focused on individual households because of things we know they love to try to help people stretch their budget. We're also, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, seeing customers continuing to move to our brands. And in the past, what we find is when customers move to Our Brands, that's very, very sticky because the high quality of the product and the satisfaction there. So what we find is even when things are getting normalized, Our Brands come out of that at a higher penetration level than going in, which is long term good for our business as well. With that, Gary, I'll let you get into. 
W. McMullen: Yes. In terms of the categories, the one you identified definitely would be the weaker category in terms of general merchandise. And that would be true at the Fred Meyer division, it would also be true across the rest of the organization as well. We continue to do well in those categories relative to the market. Our teams have done a great job of making sure they've been managing inventories relative to where the expectations themselves. The other categories that would be weaker than the total would be categories where we continue to have supply chain disruptions. Gary and I both mentioned, overall supply chain is getting better, but we still have categories like cat food, dog food, baby formula some of those types of cold remedies, some of those areas continue to have some supply chain issues as well. With the identicals, Gary, go on. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I think when you look at Gary's points overall, it's one of the things that's so important about our overall business model because we do have a lot of moving parts, and we've invested a ton of work and effort our whole team has over the last several years to reinvent the business model and make sure the business model can be successful in every economic environment. And to me, Gary's point that he was sharing really highlight that as we look forward. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at market share, the trends continue to improve, and we feel good about where we are, but we're not satisfied with where we are. We believe the work that we're doing on Fresh is a key part of driving that. And obviously, just the continued personalization and making sure that we have a customer experience for its household to household type relationship. And then Our Brands always shines when an economic environment gets a little tougher. So it's really those things working together. And then our store teams continuing to do a good job of improving on friendliness. And I make that comment based on what customers tell us how we're doing, not just my opinion of how we're doing. 
W. McMullen: Yes. It's a great question, Scott. And when we talk to our customers, they're telling us they're changing. But so far, they're changing on purchases other than food. So it's -- they are still prioritizing food. It gets a little bit back to one of the comments I made. It's still 3x or 4x cheaper to eat at home versus going out to a restaurant and so many more people have learned how to cook. So if you look at the behavior changes other than the movement to our brands and being much more aggressive on downloading digital coupons and engaging with some of our promotional offers. That's really the only behavior we've seen in our business outside of the comment I made earlier on our general business, but that's a much smaller part of our business than many of our competitors. 
W. McMullen: No. It's all -- as you know, it's any place you look across the country, you'll see it in different stages. And -- but overall, what we see is pretty similar to what -- how it's been. 
W. McMullen: I will start and then Gary, please add any color you want. But if you look long term, we always build our business model around 1% to 2% inflation. And if you -- as you know, any given year will be different than that. But longer term, we've always felt that, that's kind of where fundamental inflation will be. Obviously, over the last couple of years, it's been completely different than that. As I shared in my prepared remarks, our oil household growth was very strong this quarter, and it's been moving in the right direction. When customers first become a loyal household, what we find is, over time, we get a higher share of that household growth. And we really are seeing that what we define as our seamless experience where a customer can engage with us where we deliver, where they pick up in store and shop in store, it's that combination together that earns us the right. So as our loyal household grows, we get a higher share and that should be a tailwind to our identical sales growth over time. And that was the reason that we talked about it, and it's something, internally, we spend a lot of energy on it. And I know, Gary, is there any other color that you think would be helpful for people to understand. 
W. McMullen: John, as you know, we manage our business on dollars. And for us, growing dollars is what creates a sustainable business model long term. And we always view that the better offer that we can be able to afford to give to our customers the more sustainable that is, and the only way we can do that is by managing our costs and continuing to find and identify areas of waste so that we can reduce that and fund that. Fundamentally, as you look at Kroger, we still would have that same strategy and we'd still expect that over time because what we find is that really connects well with the customers. We -- that allows us the capacity to continue to invest in our associates and support our communities. And when we do those 3 things right, the shareholders benefit. So I know broad picture, that's what we would do, the way we look at things. And obviously, with everything we do, we try to make sure we're doing it in a way that's sustainable long periods of time. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's a great question, Ken. And it's something that we're going to obviously manage in a very transparent way. And we wanted to go ahead and include it in this quarter, just the context of what is new, and that's what we've shared. If there was something material, we would share it between quarters. But in all likelihood in the foreseeable future updates would be on a quarterly basis. But if it was something material -- what we try to do on disclosure is if our roles were reversed, what is it that we think it would be helpful for someone to know, and that's what we always try to do. So -- and obviously, feel free to give us feedback when that doesn't feel right to you because we appreciate the feedback. 
W. McMullen: Yes. It really gets back to overall. I think it's incredibly important to understand that we connect with the customer in multiple ways, and Fresh is a critical component of that. We fundamentally assume over time, the market is going to get more competitive. We've done that for 25 years. We'll continue to do that. And that's the reason why we put so much investment energy on personalizing experiences, supporting our associates in ways -- any way we can, pay, continue in education, even additional support on mental health and especially in today's environment. And what we have found in every environment by supporting and connecting with the customer from a full fresh and friendly experience and then having good prices and very aggressive promotion and then personalizing the experience, we're able to support the customer. One of the things that also supports gross margin as we continue to expect larger growth in our Fresh departments, which have higher margins in center store. And then when you look at our alternative profit businesses and some of those businesses have margins better than what the center store would be. So for us, it's -- you really have to look at all of those things together and look at those things over time, and we feel really good about the business model that we continue to develop and grow at our company. 
W. McMullen: Gary, I'll let you talk about the -- a little color on the IDs and then on the foodservice after you finish Health. I share some things there. 
W. McMullen: Yes. On foodservice, volume would actually be above where we would have been in 2019. For us, when we look at foodservice or food -- we are always -- I never know quite what to call it other than it's a great meal, easy to cook, easy to heat up, easy to assemble. It was the reason why strategically we merged with Home Chef because we thought Home Chef on its own had great trends and could continue to grow. We also felt like their capabilities we could leverage back into Kroger to further improve our mill pit and a great restaurant quality meals would be an example. If you look at sushi, we're the largest sushi restaurant in the United States as an example. Obviously, we partner with a lot of third parties and local entrepreneurs on that, sandwiches and all those things. So we see food service as an important component of our growth, not so much relative to 2023. But as you start looking out at, say, 2025 and beyond, and being -- having an amazing quality meal that's easy and leveraging our delivery network or pickup network is an important part of the growth as you look longer term. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Gary, I think that's a great point, and thanks for the questions. And for everyone, thank you for joining us today. As always, I always like to share a few comments directly with our associates listening in because so many of our associates take the time to do that, which we appreciate. This is the time of year we truly shine. Our special holiday film made clear. We create the opportunity for our customers to transform today's holiday moments into tomorrow's memories. We've had the pleasure to hear from countless associates former associates and customers about just how touching this film has been. I know I can't watch it without getting a tear in my eye. And just reminding all of us how special it is to share favorite meals with those we love most. Thank you to our teams who put this together. Thank you for our teams who make the memories happen. It's a wonderful way to kick off the holiday season. As we all prepare together with our loved ones, I am so incredibly proud of our associates across the Kroger family of companies. We have accomplished so much this year. Thank you for the many ways you serve our communities and uplift our customers and each other. This concludes our call for today. We wish everyone a happy holiday season. Merry Christmas, Happy New Year and encourage you to stay safe. Thank you. 
Gary Millerchip: Thanks, Rodney. And maybe just to confirm, so the trend in the early part of the fourth quarter has continued consistent with how we're performing in the fourth quarter -- I'm sorry, is continued consistent with outperformance in the third quarter. Michael, as to one part of your question there.  I think the other piece is, Michael, yes, I think you captured them well is, as Rodney mentioned, we do believe this recycle higher inflation in the final quarter of 2021. We expect that to have some impact on the overall year-over-year growth in food at home during the fourth quarter. And obviously, we'll all see how that plays out. And then secondly, we have factored in the impact of the ESI, the Express Scripts contract termination as well for January. So overall, I think if you kind of take our full year guidance, we'd be guiding between 4% and 5% IDs for the final quarter of the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, Rodney. Just a couple of bits of extra color, Michael, on the fourth quarter for you. As you probably gathered from the guidance, it would be a lowest quarter for year-over-year growth in what we shared for EPS. I think a few things to bear in mind there. First of all, we'll be cycling the strongest quarter from last year. Last year's EPS growth in Q4 '21 was the highest growth that we had during the year. So we're cycling higher growth from prior year. We'd assume fuel margins will be flat during the fourth quarter. So no real headwind or tailwind there, where, as you know, fuel has been a tailwind for us in the last couple of quarters. And of course, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, year-over-year, LIFO will be around $100 million headwind in the fourth quarter of EPS because you may recall again that LIFO was only $20 million last fourth quarter. when we finalize the calculations. So that would be factors to bear in mind when you think about our EPS guidance. The only other thing I might mention is that you've heard me talk about on this call in previous quarters that when you look at our rolling 4 quarter sort of gross margin investment, somewhere between 10 and 20 basis points and OG&A leverage of 10, 20 basis points similarly to keep the business in balance. I would say that because we're cycling Q4 last year gross margin was relatively flat, and OG&A was relatively flat. So I would say you should probably expect our gross margin investment will be a little bit north of the 10 to 20 basis points in Q4, but our OG&A leverage should also be north of that 10 to 20 basis points as well. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, Rodney. Thanks for the question, Chuck. Yes, the biggest part of that, in fact, pretty much all of it, Chuck, would be -- you may recall at the start of the year, we shared that we've made the decision to stop dispensing certain drugs in our specialty pharmacy business because it didn't really tie to overall customer loyalty in our broader business, and it isn't profitable business for us. So we made that decision at the start of the year, and we adjust that out of our ID. So it's a like-for-like comparison, but it does create a disconnect between total sales and identical sales. One of those examples is actually helping gross margin as well as we're making those decisions to make sure we're optimizing the balance of the business. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ed. I think as you heard as mentioned on the call, we probably won't get into a lot of detail around 2023 guidance because we'd rather put it into context of the full picture for next year. As you might imagine, there'll be a lot of moving parts as we sort of bridge to share that color with you when we get to March next year. I think overall, though, certainly, some of the elements that you talked about are going to be key factors when you think about what will be at play as you think about 2023, if I kind of talk more in general themes. I think overall, I would say we feel good to answer your question about gross margin that we are very focused on -- and I think are proven for our model, but there are levers that we can pull to manage costs and sourcing effectively to improve mix over time with some of the momentum in our brands and the opportunities continue to accelerate fresh performance and innovation. So there are a number of areas when we look at the balancing gross margin that we believe we would expect there to be longer-term stability and our ability to manage that. I think when you look specifically at the moving parts for next year, I think there's going to be a lot of factors that will come into play as you think about next year. You're right in terms of if inflation normalizes and your numbers certainly correct around the $500 million impact this year, which would be a $300 million year-over-year headwind because last year's LIFO was also inflated as inflation started to rise in quarter 4 last year. If you remember, our LIFO charge is calculated at a very specific week of the year, even though we try and estimate it throughout the year. So we would believe that as we'll get into guidance next year, obviously, when we share our earnings, and we're still sort of forming views around what we think will happen with inflation, but we're probably looking at most of the external views that you are and most of the analysts' reports that we can look at in the USDA, et cetera, would be in that sort of more of that 2.5% to 3-or-so percent inflation for next year. We'll obviously provide more color on what we believe, but that's sort of where most of the data that we see tend to be pointing towards. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I think again, I'll maybe just broaden it because again, I think it's a little bit dangerous to pick on one element of the model for next year. I do think that fuel margins have had obviously a very good run. And generally, I think margins are improving over time, but there is -- there has been in the last 2 years, some major volatility in shocks in the market. I think it's hard to see those being cycled. So you look at margins earlier in this year, and I think that's likely to be a headwind next year in looking at the fuel profitability. But again, I think you mentioned LIFO, another example for us would be -- as you look at our incentive plan, obviously, we're having a very strong year versus our expectations, having raised our guidance every quarter. So you get to more of a normalized incentive plan next year, assuming the budgets kind of your expected payout. We continue to take costs out of our business and find new ways to improve leverage in the model. It has been 5 years, as you know, journey for us. We believe supply chain and alternative profits are potential tailwinds next year as we continue to improve efficiency in supply chain and all profit continues to grow. So I think there's a lot of moving parts. And again, rather than sort of trying to bridge you to how all those play out. I think that's going to be a balance of puts and takes. And obviously, we're looking forward to sharing a lot more color when we get to March next year. 
Gary Millerchip: I think you covered it well, Rodney. I guess the only couple of extra points, John, I would maybe add, I do think, as you know, our core strategy is to grow existing loyal customers and what was really pleasing in the quarter as we saw 2.5% growth in loyal customers. So we're seeing customers move through the loyalty curve, and that's always been carry the strategy to really deeply reward customers and grow that relationship. I think what we're also seeing though is that as Rodney mentioned, we're building that Seamless capability with digital, we are starting to now attract a larger number of households too and the investments we're making in digital are creating that capacity to grow households as well. I think the one thing on the loyal house, as I would say, too, is what we saw during the quarter have seen the last couple of quarters is that maybe that more affluent customer that has shopped maybe a larger number of retailers before that's consolidated more of their trips and total basket with Kroger as they may not need to adjust their budget because of inflation, but they feel it's the sensible and responsible thing to do, and they see Kroger as a great place to get the right quality at a great value as well, and we're seeing that consolidation happen. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, Ken. For us, I don't think it's really something that we're concerned about. We obviously did have very ambitious plans for CapEx this year, playing some catch-up from last year. And we still believe the projects that we have on the horizon are going to be generating significant value for the company in the future and support our growth plans. But when we looked at the expectations for the rest of the year, there are a number of large projects, whether it's in supply chain or some of the stores, just where it's just taking longer to get them completed or there are some costs where it just makes sense to pause for a period of time and reintroduce when we believe that those costs will be more rational. So from our perspective, we don't look at it as having a major impact on our growth model. As you know, we kind of historically were at sort of that $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion of CapEx spend a year. We've moved it up to $3.5 billion, being our sort of target range. And I would still say that's probably directionally where we'd want to be long term, to be pushing to the top end of our TSR model. So we do believe it's important to be investing in the business, and we can still see plenty of opportunities to support that growth, but we just thought it was based on how long it's taking with certain things to get projects completed with supply availability that we think it's going to be a -- some of those projects will now blend into 2023, but we don't have a concern today about it impacting our growth algorithm. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes, I think you covered it well, Rodney. I think Michael, as Rodney mentioned, we're seeing that Fresh is certainly starting to see some change in trajectory on inflation. So I think it is the grocery category that's the most stubborn if you like, in terms of where it's holding in inflation at the moment. And as Rodney said, I think from -- as we look forward from our perspective, if that were to continue without being sort of supported by true cost increases, then that creates an opportunity for us with our brands to improve margin and grow share over time. So I think that's the way we think about it in general. 
Gary Millerchip: Okay. Great. Kelly, I think overall, we mentioned it in their prepared remarks somewhat as well. We've seen inflation starting to level. It's still obviously at very heightened levels. But if you look at the trend quarter-over-quarter, it really narrowed down to less than 1% increase in inflation in our Q3 versus our Q2. So what we were pleased about was in that context, the continued momentum in our overall ID sales when we look at our Q3 performance versus our Q2, and I think a lot of that ties to some of the prepared remarks that Rodney also shared around household growth that we're seeing and really some of the defying more share of wallet from loyal customers and seeing lower customer growth. So that's the piece that I think we've been the most pleased around. And we continue to perform really well with winning that first large basket with customers. We continue to see strong momentum there. And even as customers have continued to adjust their behavior as they kind of wrestle with inflation and decide how to balance budgets, we've been really pleased with how our overall pinning that first basket has continued to maintain strong momentum. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Rupesh, thanks for the question. Maybe just a little bit more color on Q3 and Q4 as well because I think there's a little bit more to the story there as well that's worth understanding. I would say that certainly, you're right, the -- we saw a lot of benefit from sales leverage and productivity improvements during the quarter. The team did a great job in really managing costs, considering the inflation that we're facing in some of those cost areas. We would have also had higher incentive plan costs year-over-year in quarter higher technology costs. We're investing in a number of areas that we're seeing growth in year-over-year. And some of that is maybe flipping from capital to operating expense because as you move more to cloud-based activity. It just -- it does change the mix there as well. And we also invested, as we did in Q2 in some consultants and some advisory work to help build future momentum in the growth. So I would say the underlying improvement in productivity was stronger than the quarter would have suggested, and we feel good about the ability to leverage OG&A and fund the average hourly rate increases that we're seeing. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, the Q4 number as we're cycling a fairly flat OG&A rate in Q4, we would expect to be north of 20 basis points of leverage in the fourth quarter this year as we head into next year. 
Gary Millerchip: I think probably similar to what we shared earlier, I think overall, as we're looking at the way the customer is changing behavior, as Rodney mentioned, trips improving, generally fairly consistent, I would say, over the year, but we are seeing higher trips from those loyal shoppers that have traditionally shopped in many different retailers for different categories and now seeing that trip consolidate to Kroger. I think is an important trend that we've seen throughout the year and continue to accelerate in the third quarter. 
