W. McMullen: Thanks, Gary. Before we invite your questions, I'd like to say a few words about the coronavirus. From a financial standpoint, it is too early to tell the effect on our business. It is not included in our guidance. And while it is obviously very early for this public health event in the United States, we're not seeing anything so far that would cause us to change our guidance.  From a business preparedness standpoint, we have established an internal task force that has activated our pandemic preparedness plan with a focus on our customers, associates and supply chain. We generally believe that we have limited supply chain exposure in China as the majority of the products we source is domestic. We certainly feel for those in America and around the world who have been affected. The health and well-being of our associates, our customers and our communities is Kroger's top priority. Always being there for our communities is part of our heritage and especially in times of uncertainty. We believe everyone deserves to have access to affordable fresh food.  Returning now to our business results, I want to stress that Restock Kroger is the right strategic framework to deliver both on our 2020 guidance and to position Kroger for sustainable growth and total shareholder return.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Robbie. As Gary mentioned, when you look at the digital promotional offer on the waived fee, overall, we're happy with what we learned. We did engage with some new customers. I think it's important to remember that this was a test among many, many tests that we continue to do. And overall, what we're focused on is really how to create a seamless experience.  In terms of going forward, I wouldn't be comfortable sharing our exact plans because, obviously, that will share -- tell our customers -- our competitors, excuse me, what we're planning to do. And the customer behavior was consistent with what we expected. They were happy and the results since then have been consistent with what we expected as well. And overall, I think it's always important to remember what we're really trying to do is build up a seamless experience. And what we find is the better job we do on creating that seamless experience creates a deeper and deeper loyalty strategy.  In terms of pharmacy expectations and fuel, Gary, I'll let you answer both of those. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Gary's last point on the incremental profit from alternative profit is an important part, I think, to remember as well. And we -- as we shared in our guidance, we expect it to range somewhere between $125 million and $150 million. 
W. McMullen: Yes. As we've talked about before, we really do believe it'll end up being a combination of our physical stores, sheds that are small, medium and large-sized. The ones that we've announced so far have been all large sized. But over time, Ocado continues to spend significant money in R&D and continues to push. So we would expect it'll be a combination of store-based model, smaller-type facilities and bigger-type regional facilities, and Ocado will be a critical partner in that overall ecosystem. And by having those combined, it will also allow us to have the best cost of goods coming into the various sheds and using the total assets that we have today. So we feel really good about the pieces of the puzzle that we're putting together. And we really think the -- and it will support the ability to do both same day and next day. And what we find is, in some cases, customers like same day, some things they like next day. But -- and we're excited. We're really looking forward to the facility in Monroe opening and the second facility in Florida will open soon after that. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I'll talk broadly, and then I'll let Gary get into the specifics. It's one of the reasons that we partner on the media side of the CPGs and one of the things that we have a very open and transparent relationship going both ways. So we don't want to spend money on Media if the CPG isn't getting a return for it. And that was the reason why we thought it was so important to get the Platinum Certification from the Trustworthy Accountability Group, is that we want to make sure that when we invest the CPG money, that we're able to show that they get a return for it. And by making sure that people are getting a return, that's the best protection, to make sure that they're just not moving trade dollars over. And we tell the CPGs it doesn't do us any good if you just move the trade dollars over. What we're trying to do is provide something that you can't get in the marketplace from a media standpoint.  We're getting great feedback from the CPGs. We have incredibly high retention rate, and many CPGs continue to expand the amount of money they spend with us.  Gary, I'll let you get a little bit more into some of the details. 
W. McMullen: We are actively testing where food is actually written under a prescription and helping people live healthier. And when you look at all of that together, we continue to have a great scripts count growth as well. And we really think it's our pharmacy teams and their connections with the patients that's creating that deeper relationship. And as Gary mentioned, when you look at the overall ecosystem, half of health care costs can be affected by the way people eat, and we really believe, with our data, we have the right to help people eat better. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Ed. If you look at overall, as we mentioned before, if you look at the momentum during the year, we felt really good about the progress and momentum during the year, and that's in terms of identical sales and if you look at the operational execution. I think Mike and the whole team really have done a great job on those areas. We're really taking care of the customer. We continue to aggressively invest in the seamless experience. And if you look at the alternative profit, it continues to come as we expect it would.  So that's -- when you look at all those things together is what gave us confidence to continue to support the guidance we gave in November on EPS of $2.30 to $2.40. We expect the business to continue to generate good cash, strong free cash flow while, at the same time, continuing to aggressively invest capital in a seamless experience. So when you look at all those things together, as you know, the last 2 or 3 years, we've been working hard on transforming our fundamental business model, and we feel like we've made significant progress on that and continue to invest in the future from a digital experience. So we're excited about where we are. We're even more excited about where we're headed. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Christopher. If you look at natural and organic, it continues to be one of the highest growing areas. And we really think it's something that, over the years, our teams have done a great job on continuing to make sure we have the most recent product things on trend. The example that I talked about in the prepared remarks in Simple Truth and plant-based. So for us, we're incredibly excited about natural organic. It's grown above the company average for several years, and we would expect it to continue to do that.  Anytime market share becomes available, we're going to fight for making sure that we get our fair share plus some. And we certainly feel good about what we're getting, and we'll continue to focus on taking care of our customers. Because when our associates are able to take care of the customers, it turns out really well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. It did pick up. And as I mentioned, we did get some new customers. Overall, it was kind of what we expected it to be, and we did it so we can continue to learn. And I think the thing that's important is at any point in time, we'll probably have 20 or 30 different types of tests going on. And the key will be identifying those tests, when you put them together, that create something that's not easily that a competitor can duplicate and it really creates something new for the customer.  One of the things that's always our strength is our incredible strength on fresh product. And our customers tell us that relative to our big traditional competitors, we score very well. And we think things like that and the service that our associates provide is equally as important. 
W. McMullen: Yes. When you look at Ocado and the combination of our physical -- existing physical stores, we think we'll be able to offer the customer an incredible customer experience and convenience based on what they want. The fee part won't be -- isn't the major driver of making the economics of that work or not. And whether we charge a fee or not will really depend on what's the market opportunity. But Ocado is incredibly efficient. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, John. As always, before we end today's call, I'd like to share a few final comments directed to our associates and how we live our purpose every day.  To our associates, thank you for everything that you do for our customers, communities and each other every single day, every single hour of every day. You truly make a difference. This difference makes people's lives better, and this was obviously incredibly evident earlier this week when the devastating tornado touched down in Nashville. I'm always amazed and proud to hear stories of our associates pulling together in the aftermath of events like this. One story that was shared with me is some customers that didn't have protection came to our store to seek shelter inside of our dairy case when the tornado hit, and that's just one example. And the thing that's even, to me, more impressive is what our associates do, what you do when your own families are personally impacted and to all the work that you do to ensure our stores are open and serving our communities. As I mentioned earlier on the call in regard to the threat of the coronavirus, always being there for our communities is part of our heritage. This is Kroger at our best, when we come together and uplift our customers, communities and each other. Thank you for what you do for everyone every day, and thank you for joining our call today. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Rodney. Thanks for the question, Robbie. So yes, as you think about the model for 2020, I'll maybe refer back a little bit to some of the things that we talked about at Investor Day. We very much look at the overall customer ecosystem across our food and grocery business, retail pharmacy business and also the fuel business as an overall how do we manage those multifaceted parts of the model. And I think if you look at our performance in 2019, as I've said in some of the prepared comments, we feel like it's a really good demonstration of how we're managing that model where, really, the pharmacy headwinds that we saw in 2019 were fully offset by the fuel benefits that we saw. And then the sort of foundational food and grocery business was pretty stable within that environment.  I would say that as we look towards 2020, we'll be managing the business in a very similar way. When you think about our overall guidance for 2020, we're essentially expecting that ecosystem to be relatively stable overall, and alternative profit will drive us towards the operating profit growth that we've shared for the full year. Within that guidance, we do expect that pharmacy will continue to have some headwinds, nothing to the extent that we saw in 2019. We think the gross margin structural challenges will continue in 2020. But the team has done a great job in continuing to look for opportunities to take out costs where they don't add value for the customer, our associates and looking for ways to improve our cost of goods where we have control over those items. And so we would expect to see less of a headwind, albeit still somewhat of a headwind from pharmacy in 2020. We would also expect fuel, obviously, to start to normalize. And so probably something of a headwind there within the overall model. And really, the way that we cycle those will be through the strength of continuing to improve our ID sales in the core and the $1 billion of cost savings that I talked about overall within the model. So overall, we think about it very much as all those moving parts creating a relatively stable core business from an operating profit point of view in 2020 and alternative profits driving the growth in the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I would completely agree with your comment, Rodney, as I think it's really too early for us to really have a sense of how customers' overall behavior will change and what the impact will be as the situation obviously evolves in the U.S. market.  I guess just to build on a couple of points, Ken, with the data points that we do see today. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, February was generally in line with what we've expected for the period of the first month, if you like, around new year. So we didn't see anything dramatically different from what we would've expected during that time period. Certainly, the trend has improved over -- slightly over what we saw in Q3 and November and December. So we will have to see that after January was a month that we knew would be a tough one to cycle. And as Rodney mentioned, in the last few days, I think you've seen more in response to the media activity and some of the advice out there in the market of customers starting to spend more on things like water and hand sanitizer, hand soap, paper and then some of the -- maybe the box dinners and soups that you might expect just based on the guidance that's been given to consumers in the market. So there's certainly been heightened activity in that regard.  But how that plays out and how it impacts the overall shape of the way customers behave and shop, I think it's really that should be. And I think in the last few days that I would say there's anything different than we would have seen versus what we expected. And how that plays out over a longer period of time is really, I think, impossible to tell. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Sure. And thank you for the question. Yes, it's -- it is an area, Ken, where we saw some lumpiness during the year. Part of that is to do with the fact that as we've been dynamically changing our capital allocation, the average life of some of the investments that we make in technology look different from some of the traditional investments that we would've made in a traditional store remodel or a new store opening. We're still investing in those areas, but the mix is certainly changing over time. As that normalizes out, we would be looking at a range of 3% to 5% as a sort of an annualized increase in depreciation to kind of give you more of a big picture perspective on how to think about 2020, if that's helpful. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks for the question. It's -- I think I've talked a little bit about it at the Investor Day and then in the prepared comments. What we're really focused on is taking a step back and making sure as we think about how the overall portfolio of assets are performing, how do we make sure we're really setting ourselves, that we're making the right investments to accelerate and grow the business but also looking where we have opportunities to optimize the portfolio and to drive, obviously, ROIC over a period of time.  I would say that this is very much a sort of a stand-alone review that we've taken a step back and said -- look at stores where -- and the average -- to give you some context around it, the average store age is about 28 years old. So these are, in many cases, older stores. They're geographically spread across the countries. There aren't sort of particular markets that it's focused on. It's very much more about looking at our portfolio and really making sure that we see where the customer is going, where we invest our dollars to really drive and support our customers and how we continue to evolve the whole ecosystem that Rodney referred to in his opening comments, just making sure that we're really being disciplined in investing where we see the future growth in the business. And so it's one of those things that just as part of as we manage the business and look for ways to continue to improve and optimize, we're looking to be very deliberate in making those decisions. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Rodney. And obviously, I would agree with everything you shared there. I think one of the key things that the team is focused on is really working collaboratively across Stuart Aitken's team, that leads the Media group, and then Joe Grieshaber's team, that leads our merchandising capabilities, to make sure that we really are managing all the moving pieces together. And I would say we feel very good around how those relationships are working to make sure that we're capturing the dollars and really helping support our CPG partners to grow their business effectively through the work that we do in the merchandising group and also through the alternative profit streams with the Media business.  I wouldn't say that we see anything that's causing us to believe that as the way this is being managed, that they are very much discrete buckets that are generally being allocated to particular activities. We feel very positive about the progress that we're making there on how we see -- I would probably characterize it as how we see a shock in cost of goods and how it flows through to the gross margin. I would say it's one of the reasons that we called it out in the quarter earnings release of -- we certainly continue to invest in price and personalization for our customers. But the combination of cost of goods benefits and alternative profit streams fully offset that in terms of the impact on gross margin and part of the reason why we were able to see a solid performance on gross margin during the quarter. 
Gary Millerchip: I think certainly, our assumption in the model is that we expect -- continue to see pressure in certain parts of the way the pharmacy business is structured. Our focus is on really making sure that we're continuing to improve our operation in a way that ensures that, in addition to all the great things that our pharmacy business do for us today around driving overall customer loyalty and delivering a great experience in the store for customers, that we continue to evolve the way we think about the business model.  I mentioned some of the things in one of the earlier comments around how we're taking costs out of the model where that makes sense and doesn't create value for our associates working in that part of the business or for our customers. We've launched a number of new services, like the Kroger's pharmacy program that allows us to be able to deliver more value for the customer, but also to be able to influence more of the dynamics of how the profitability works in the marketplace and to really deliver more value for customers through that program.  And then I think the third piece that we talked a little bit about, I think, on a previous call is we truly believe that the power of our data and the overall relationship that we have with the customer potentially opens up opportunities to develop new revenue streams in connecting food to how we deliver our health and wellness services in the store, so thinking about the trend towards food as medicine and how can we connect those relationships even more clearly to help our customers live and eat more healthily when they want to do that, but also to connect into the health care system and helping to take out some of the cost and complexity in that model and generate new revenue streams. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ed. So obviously, I mentioned a little bit around this in the prepared comments. We committed that as we continue to see strong free cash flow generation, which is a core part of our total shareholder return model, we are committed to continuing to buy back stock as part of the model. As you know, we had a $1 billion authorization from the Board. And as long as we continue to deliver on the performance of the business that we expect and generate the strong free cash flow that we've guided to during the year while also maintaining our debt-to-EBITDA ratio within that target range to support our commitment to our investment-grade rating, we would expect to be continuing to buy back stock within the overall authorization that we have.  I would say that the way that we're approaching it is very much in a structured way. We're not specifically trying to time the market in some way. It's much more based on a grid approach to how we determine and look at the intrinsic value of the stock. And then we'll put a grid in place to make sure that, over time, if there are opportunities to buy back, we will certainly be executing on that plan throughout the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Yes. So as we mentioned in some of the prepared comments, that the quarter 4 result obviously did include some cycling of increased investment that we made in Q4 2018. And so some of that is certainly expected, and I know we guided to that as part of what we shared in the EPS expectations when we shared what we thought the cadence would look like throughout 2019.  We're really seeing the improvements across a broad wave of activity across Restock Kroger. I listed out many of them in the prepared comments, whether it's -- some of the biggest areas would be in goods not for resale as example, where we're sourcing products better and we're managing to really make sure that we're finding opportunities to be more efficient in the way that we're buying and joining the dots across all the different pieces of procurement across the organization.  Certainly, we're leveraging technology and automation to make sure that we're taking work away where it doesn't add value for the customer. A good example of that might be in cleaning, where it's something that can be done more efficiently and allow our associates to really focus on serving the customer and doing work that the customer really values.  And then of course, we did announce last quarter that we did make some structural changes to really simplify the work in our divisional offices to make sure that we're, again, putting our associates and talent closer to the customer in these key store management roles and, at the same time, reducing duplication in work so they can make decisions more quickly and respond and serve the customer more effectively.  So I think we feel very good about it. It's a good balance across the way that we're managing the cost base. Certainly, as we look at the performance of our stores, one of the things that -- building on maybe Rodney's comment to the last question that was asked around confidence in the model, we're very excited about as we see our stores continue to execute at a higher level and continuing to deliver improvements in the fresh experience, the friendly experience and our in-stock position and how we're delivering on Kroger pickup. So we're very focused on making sure our stores are in a good place to be able to deliver on the experience that we know our customers are looking for. And some of those are the reasons why we feel confident as we're guiding to higher ID sales in 2020, because of the great work our store associates are doing in delivering for our customers. 
Gary Millerchip: No. I would agree with your points, Rodney. I think in terms of the cost savings, as you mentioned it, for me, many of the opportunities that we still see out there are around how we can continue to use technology more effectively and really simplify the design of the work to make it easier for our associates to be successful in the role. And that often means, as you know, John, is we're often reinvesting them in other areas of the store experience and the digital experience. So that net-net, it doesn't necessarily translate through to a total saving in cost because what we're often doing is redeploying those savings into new ways to either improve the experience or to meet the customer where they're at. So it is -- back to Rodney's comment on the what's inflation versus what's incremental is a little bit more difficult as the world's get blurrier around what are the minimum expectations of the customer and where things like average wage going in the marketplace. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. It's -- yes, that's a good call. Actually, that would be very true in the way you characterized it. So we've really just then got off the ground with that part of the partnership. As you know, the retail test that we have in market have now been going for some time, and we've been pleased with the progress there. And we continue to develop our thinking around how to connect more detail with the customer and fulfill on that convenient shopping experience. The group purchasing organization part of it is very much in its infancy stage. We've just started to work on where the opportunities are there, and that would certainly be part of the tailwinds into 2020 and beyond in driving more efficiency and cost savings. 
