David B. Dillon: Thanks, Mike. I'd like to conclude by reflecting that when we began our Customer 1st strategy, we had to make investments in price and other areas of the shopping experience. Those choices were an imperative. And while we still see opportunity to continue these investments, today we have the flexibility to pick and choose how and when to do so. I mentioned at the start of the call that our financial results are solid, dependable and predictable, especially on a rolling 4-quarter basis. Looking at Kroger's operating margin on that longer time horizon demonstrates this powerful positioning. A rolling 4-quarter view is important because we are constantly making tactical decisions about these investments. Our margin in any one quarter may fluctuate depending on our decision to accelerate or decelerate investments. But if you look under the hood at our operating margin over the course of a year, you'll see that the results reflect the strategic balance we seek between cost savings and investment that we believe are necessary to consistently deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. I'm very proud of this year. I'm personally proud of what our associates have achieved. Kroger is winning in the marketplace and delivering value for our customers, associates and shareholders. We have a great strategy that has worked well in a variety of economic environments. That gives us the confidence to be bullish on the rest of this year and 2012. Now we look forward to your questions.
David B. Dillon: Well, the point really is to look at what's happening with our customers. And we knew all along in the year that the real issue would be how does the world -- the operating world that our customers find themselves in, the macroenvironment that affects everyone, how will that affect us. And what has happened is that the intersection of inflation, which means higher prices for the customer, and a poor economy, which means the customer doesn't have as much money in their pocket. Those 2 factors together have caused at Kroger and I think elsewhere and many of the CPG companies, as retail prices have gone up, tonnage, the growth in tonnage, has declined a bit to where, as we've said now, as our tonnage last quarter was essentially flat. And we think that's essentially a sign of our times. And it's because when customers have to spend more money to get the groceries they need, they don't have money to buy more groceries than they were buying before. So it's hard to keep the business growing in tonnage in that kind of environment. So if I look at any issue in the quarter, to me that's the macro issue that all of us are trying to deal with. The really good news and the thing I'm most pleased about is that even in the face of that, we ended up growing households, we ended up growing our business, we ended up growing our earnings per share. And so we're thrilled by that outcome, and we're thrilled in that environment that our strategy has produced such solid results.
David B. Dillon: Well, I don't think I have a crystal ball on that. We do expect, given how our performance has been earlier this year, that even in this environment, we expect to do well. But the concern I have, of course, is as customers are pressed, and we talked about inflation. But the other factor that I think is the -- maybe the most important factor is what the economic environment going to look like to our customers. And that can put a dampening or an accelerating effect on how customers view their future and their own behavior. So we try to measure behavior. We try to react to that. You asked earlier about what kind of adjustments do we make. Well, we look at what consumer behavior looks like, and we try to focus on what can we do on behalf of the consumers at this point in time given what they're trying to live with. I think that's the biggest unknown is what that economy is going to look like. And so far, it's going to stay soft for quite a while.
David B. Dillon: Well, I'll answer the last question first. I don't think we're going to try to give full guidance today so we're not going to answer that question. But I will talk a little bit about how we see the environment going forward. The bottom line in my mind is, is that we expect next year, at least the foreseeable part of next year, to be much like what we've seen this year from an economic point of view. There are 2 kinds of big factors that I think about in my own thinking on this question. First, what do the facts mean, and factually, how does the economy behave? And I think everything I've seen suggests that, that's going to be slow. I don't see it as crashing and burning, but on the other hand, I also don't see it as robust and climbing. So we see that as relatively flat. But the other factor that we don't talk a lot about usually gets played out is consumer confidence. And I think it really is more specifically looked at and what are the events that occur during the year that cause people to feel either good or bad about the world that they operate in which affect their behavior? And consumer behavior and confidence can have a lot to do with whether or not an economy can pick up or not. And it has a lot to do with how our business does. So we're very interested in how our consumers are feeling. They get affected by lots of things. We talked last quarter about how they had been affected by the debt crisis discussion in Congress and how that got played out in such a wild way in the media. Well, we're expecting a replay of something like that soon. And that could have a similar kind of effect. On the other hand, there's lots of positive optimistic things out there today, and if those get played up in a way that the customers see them and feel good about the world, then that part of the economic action actually is an improvement. Having said all of that, that's how I think about it. I think ultimately, we think it's going to be about the same as this year with high variability just like we experienced this year.
David B. Dillon: I can't speak, obviously, for competitors and wouldn't pretend to. But my answer from our point of view is yes. I think it's been a more rational marketplace. I think it's gradually been a more rational marketplace over the last 10 or 15 years based on what the economic forces are rather than based on emotion. And I think that everyone seems to be taking steps that make more economic sense. And certainly, we strive to do that at Kroger. Our whole point of view is to make rational choices that make sense for the long-term success of our business. And that's why I think you've seen our rational behavior, and I think that's probably why you've seen it elsewhere, too. So yes, I expect that to continue.
David B. Dillon: I'll let Rodney specifically comment, but let me generally comment by saying that we're interested in taking cost out of places that either don't matter to the customer or perhaps actually improve things for the customer. And we're also interested in things that can be high dollars, so those are often things that are in the stores because you multiply that times 2,500 or it can be in our distribution processes because you multiply that times all the items that go through the system. Having said that, Rodney, you might want to add a little more specificity.
David B. Dillon: I don't know about their mindset. My mindset is that I see the economy has changed. Customers only have so much money. And when you take 6% more of their money from higher prices, they have 6% less to spend on other things. And that's not to mention that fuel is a little bit higher this year, too, which if you haven't filled up the car lately, you haven't experienced it. But you'll find that it takes more money out of your available spending. And when that happens, there's only so much to give. And when that happens, you shouldn't chase. We can't. We don't try to chase the customer in that environment. You can't get them to spend money they don't have. So we're -- I think we're rational about that and I think that the market is rational about that, too. It does help that the sales are positive for nearly every retailer, and even those that aren't, they're close to positive. And that helps because that helps make ends meet. It helps you pay the bills. And as long as you can pay the bills, then you can continue to work down the path of rational operating behavior, which is what I think we have.
David B. Dillon: I'm not going to speculate on how that will end up playing out. I think that actually will be played out. In fact, we'll know the answer to that when we see the facts. And partially because if I were to answer that, it's starting to try to lock in on guidance for sales next year, which I don't plan to do today.
David B. Dillon: Oh, we probably would manage the business a little bit differently, but I'd be pleased with a picture that was a growing tonnage like that because it would spell a healthier picture. But even in this environment where our tonnage is flat, we feel we're growing our market share a little, not as fast as maybe we were before, but that's the environment we're in. So you can grow. What we're mostly interested in is winning with households, and whether that is winning with households at flat tonnage or winning with households at positive tonnage, I probably would prefer positive tonnage. But on the whole, it's still winning. And we end up having a really bright future if we win in market share. As you know, that's more our formula, than not everybody requires market share to be successful. But our market share really is helpful to us.
David B. Dillon: I don't think I'll comment specifically on what we're seeing at Walmart or really any other competitor. We watch them all very closely as they watch us very closely. I'll leave that up to you.
David B. Dillon: I think if anything changed, I don't really think a lot changed. But if anything changed in my mind, it's we've seen more of the environment. What we saw looking down the road last quarter was an environment that was increasingly looking difficult for the consumer. And the question was how well would we be able to get through that with higher prices and would the customers stay with us? And the fact that we have grown households in that environment, loyal households have grown at a good clip compared to total. But total is up as well, but loyals are the ones we're most interested in. The fact that we've been able to do that and to make ends meet really well suggests to us that in this environment, we can be successful. And so we're very pleased and proud with what we accomplished, and it helps to be able to look back now and say, "Okay, we made it through that pretty well. We can work in an environment like this and make it successful." So I think if there's anything about attitude, that's how my attitude shifted. We went from the unknown to the known.
David B. Dillon: Well, actually, what we're seeing is actually people shifting pack sizes, not just to smaller but also to larger depending on the item and the situation. So it's really customer-specific and customer-need specific. Rodney, you may have some comments to the rest of the question, though.
David B. Dillon: Everybody wants to get better than they are at this as we do, and we expect to improve just as they're expecting to improve. I don't think I'll speculate on what their success has been.
David B. Dillon: If you look at pharmacy, we're just delighted with our trend and where we are. Obviously, there's a lot of things going on in the marketplace at the moment. In terms of using loyalty, that's something that, yes, we are working hard on improving, how to use loyalty data for the benefit of our customers. They are just like we are in every department. One other thing that I'm sure you know, if you look at -- as you look out to 2012, there's a lot of major drugs that will be moving to generics that will affect sales in that department. But gross profit rate will be helpful. But there's a lot of change going on right now in pharmacy as you know. We're very pleased with the quarter that we had and the trend that we're on.
David B. Dillon: That would be correct. We do. Get your prescription refilled at Kroger and you can see how it works.
David B. Dillon: Well, let me give you sort of an update just through the quarter, the fourth quarter. We have, what, 3.5 weeks I think in this quarter behind us, and our identical sales have been consistent with where they were in the third quarter. And we would say Thanksgiving was at least that good. We were very pleased at the Thanksgiving holiday, because Thanksgiving is embedded in those numbers. But we're pleased. I don't think I can give you much more details than that but that will give you a sense that the quarter's starting out certainly in the right direction.
David B. Dillon: Well, we're not going to give the specific number but it was gently improved from where we were last quarter is about all I guess we'd say at this point.
David B. Dillon: Well, first, let me go back to the selling gross just for a second to make sure I said that in a way that's understood. When I said it's slightly improved from last quarter, what I meant was, as you would look at it, the amount of the investment we made last quarter and selling gross in the second quarter, it was a little less investment in the third quarter.
David B. Dillon: I just want to make sure I explained it right. As for sales trends for the quarter, it was -- the quarter itself was basically consistent. Of course, we have several ups and downs, but I don't -- I can't see a pattern that I think would be useful to describe here. And in what I said about Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving was at least as good as where the trends were but which meant it would have been a good week, a good solid week. But I wouldn't characterize it as noticeably higher than, say, the trend in the third quarter. So I'd say the fourth quarter started out pretty much like the third quarter's average was, is what I meant to say. I hope that's what I said.
David B. Dillon: Yes, they were encouraging, and even more encouraging when you realize the -- what was it, 45 basis points that we had to overcome on the incentive plan, the healthcare, the pension and credit and debit card fees, that made it even a stronger result. Nothing like strong sales to help, that's really important. But perhaps the most important is the attitude of the whole organization. Our associates are really focused on how they can reduce cost because they recognize, and that's why we repeat so often what our business strategy is. They recognize that the objective of lower costs is to fund investments in things that matter to the customer, which goes to produce more jobs for our employees, increased hours we're running on average in our stores, more hours per week used in labor this year than we used last year for the same time period. And that's a really positive trend. And that's because we're finding places to save in order to invest. So I think that attitude, the empowerment of our associates has probably driven that more than almost anything else.  Rodney, anything to add to that? Okay.
David B. Dillon: Well, I think we've said before it's a rational market place. And if you were to look at just at Kroger, for instance, what drives our thinking is what happens with the actual results. And so the question you're asking is if the results at the return on capital and assets doesn't end up paying the bill, in your experience, then you change your course. So I think what you see over -- if you'd go over a 10- or 20-year period of time, most retailers' behavior change is based on what they're actual experiences have been. Now they sometimes have to go learn that lesson the hard way by getting in the market and discovering that, hey, this doesn't work or that didn't work. But they, eventually all of us, learn those lessons and change our behavior when that happens. We have time for one more question.
David B. Dillon: I think it is. I think that's true really across the market that we see, generally speaking, prices are following the cost increases.
David B. Dillon: Thank you. And so before we end the call today, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates who are listening in today. We encourage them to listen.  You may recall that in November, Kroger was named the most generous company in America by Forbes Magazine. This is a great honor for our company, and each of you is responsible for having made it happen. Thank you for caring so much about the communities that -- in which we live and work.  Wherever we operate, our associates seek out ways to support the local charities and organizations that matter most to them and to our customers. Looking at cash alone, for example, in 2010, Kroger donated $64 million to charitable initiatives. Nomination of corporate and retail division contributions, our community rewards program and funds from vendors in our "Bringing Hope to the Table" and "Giving Hope a Hand" campaigns. That figure is much higher when you add in the food and product we donate to local communities. It's closer to $200 million for 2010. On the whole, Kroger donates the equivalent of 125 meals a year to local food banks -- 125 million meals to the local food banks. Even more impressive is your personal commitment and donation of your time as volunteers to support our neighbors in need. Whether you organize a local fund raising event, volunteer at a food bank or help deliver holiday meals to families, you make a difference. So special thanks to all of you.  In today's environment, the role we are playing in our communities is more important than perhaps ever before. We just talked about the stress that so many Americans are under and that includes many of our associates. Now is the time of the year they need our help most.  Finally, we thank our associates who work so hard throughout the holidays to keep our stores open and stocked for our customers. I hope each of you also celebrate the season with your family and friends. As one of our associates added to the blog this week, as retailers especially at holiday time, many of us made Kroger a part of our family. It's true for many of you as it is for me. So it is personal for me to say to each of you individually, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays.  That completes the call today. Thank you all for joining us.
J. Michael Schlotman: Yes. I -- Deb, I think in the first half, we would expect inflation to continue close to where it is today. Keep in mind that we didn't really start to see a huge uptick in inflation until late in the second quarter and it's obviously continued in the third quarter. It kind of grew throughout the first half of the year. So we'll be lapping that when we get into 2012. If you look at basic commodities, corn and wheat are down a little bit but still well above the 5-year moving average. And I don't think there's been enough movement in those to actually think about having price declines. But I think there could price stabilization when we get to the back half of 2012.
J. Michael Schlotman: I'd just add a couple of comments to David's comments. Part of the optimism, I would say, is more -- is driven by some of the things we did in the second quarter and how the customers reacted to that. The other thing is our strong free cash flow we've been able to buy back more shares than what we had originally planned to do. And that obviously helps earnings going forward too. So it's really both of those things together.
J. Michael Schlotman: I would say there is nothing -- no one big item would have caused it to be slightly different. And we gave guidance for what to expect for the year in the 8-K, as well.
J. Michael Schlotman: Yes, good question, Todd. As I've said in the prepared remarks, we do expect to continue to use our free cash flow and balance the use of that between buying in shares, paying the dividend, strong capital expenditure program and maintaining our current BBB flat credit rating. We like to have the access to the A2/P2 commercial paper market. It's very deep and very liquid and very attractive rates to allow us to finance our needs on an overnight basis when we have those needs. And we will continue to expect to manage our net total debt-to-EBITDA ratio to stay under 2x, which we think is a good proxy for the way the rating agencies calculate our leverage. We think if we use that target, it transfers into the leverage ratio that the rating agencies will be comfortable giving us a BBB flat.
J. Michael Schlotman: Yes, about half of that comes due in April and the other half in June. And we would expect to, at this point, to refinance that sometime early next year. We've already, as you may have seen in our second quarter 10-Q, entered into a series of interest rate, of forward-starting swaps to lock in some of the interest rates as some of the 10-year and -- 10- and 30-year treasury. Those days where they have taken a dip, we've been active on locking in some of those in a forward-starting swap basis to take some of our exposure to rates between now and then off the table.
J. Michael Schlotman: Yes, if you look at gasoline profitability, it was the dollars were essentially exactly flat so it didn't help that it didn't hurt the quarter on a year-on-year basis. The reported cents per gallon margin that we talked about was up. But when you reduce that margin for the debit and credit card fees, because they go up as the retails go up, that margin was essentially flat.
J. Michael Schlotman: Part of the reason that we think next year will be a little bit higher, we think the base operations will perform in a similar fashion to this year. But it's really the benefit of the higher share buyback this year and the carryover effect of that next year. You don't only get the benefit that you can buy the shares, you get some next year, and it's recognition of that. Relative to the extra week, we will give you guidance on what we think the extra week is worth in March because I don't want to go back to what it was last time because every year is different. We have to look at which week the Super Bowl falls in and things like that before you really do it. And I frankly am not that far into the 53rd week yet.
J. Michael Schlotman: I think, Andy, it's just a matter of we now know what third quarter was. Our guidance for the third quarter was we've expected it to be one of our softer quarters of the year because of the tax benefit last year. We actually were able to post a very strong third quarter. And where you look -- you look at where we are year-to-date of $1.50 and what we think we can generate in the fourth quarter given how we performed so far this year, that's your -- just where the world shakes out. You're right, we didn't raise the high end of our ID sales guidance, but starting out at 5%, that's a pretty strong trend and it's delivered the $1.50 so far this year and we expect it to be able to continue to deliver for the balance of the year.
W. Rodney McMullen: Well, yes. Obviously, we're not -- we won't be able to give specifics. But one of the things that we worked awfully hard is to try to get ideas across from the whole organization because we have awful lot of fabulous associates across the whole company. And then making sure that we could facilitate our process where we execute against those across the company. And what we've found over time is when you think you've got all the savings you can, that you know about, smart people come up with other ideas on how to make processes chain improve, as you mentioned. So we feel very confident that we've got a whole litany of lists of ideas to continue to improve the customers' experience and take costs out of our business.
W. Rodney McMullen: That's a great question, Meredith. The -- as you know, if you look at the perishable departments or the fresh departments, that is as much driven by what's going on in the competitive environment and how long do you think the inflation is there. So that, you'll see a lot more increase in -- or decline in pennies profit per item that may or may not align with the inflation. In grocery, we see much more predictability and we're seeing predictability so far this year, and Drug GM also. So I would really kind of separate the 2, and we actually -- you see a little bit different behavior in both areas. But one is really affected as much by the competition.
W. Rodney McMullen: Well, the thing that we don't really know about what the CPG is how they've hedged their raw materials. As a general rule, we would see them holding back in terms of what the cost come through versus the inflation of the raw materials. But in a lot of cases, we would assume that they've hedged that so they probably haven't had the cost increase the same as what you would read in the marketplace. So as a general rule, we would see lagging there. Not necessarily a lot on promotion, no different than a year ago. You'll constantly see somebody feel like they're losing share a little bit and they'll come and be more aggressive with promotion dollars. They like a specific promotion, those kinds of things, but nothing really not huge change there.
W. Rodney McMullen: In terms of -- if you look broadly the 2 that you raised, obviously, every negotiation, healthcare and pension is a very critical part of that negotiation. If you look at wages, wage increases are not as much as what a lot of the increase ends up going in pension and healthcare where some -- where our associates receive versus the cash wage. But as a general rule, our cash wage increase also goes up when you look at in the basket. Now our associates are working together with us on changes in work rules. As we've talked about before, constantly changing processes, everything else, so that you try to balance all those things out. And so far, we feel pretty good that we've been able to have negotiations where we have competitive costs, but at the same time, we have an excellent benefit package and solid wages versus the market. So far, we feel good about where we've ended up. Now that road of getting there isn't always so smooth, as what I just outlined.
W. Rodney McMullen: Yes. I mean, if you look at the perishables, if you look at like produce, it's really hard to predict because it really depends on what kind of growing seasons do you have, both in Mexico and California and Florida. So today, we don't see anything unusual, but you can have a freeze tomorrow that changes that comment. So it's really hard to say there. On meat, we would expect to continue to see inflation because of the things that Mike talked about. If you look at like corn, especially the -- it's lower than what it was, but still, when you look at year-on-year, it's a tremendous increase. So we would expect in meat to just continue to see some of those cost pressures there. Dairy, probably not quite as inflationary as it was, but that's also highly volatile based on how the weather is and how much the supply of milk is.
W. Rodney McMullen: Yes. Well, in terms of specifics, every category is different. So literally, you'd have to go through a hundred different categories for the answer. Whether we pick up an item or not, as you know, is really based on our belief in what customers tell us is important to them. So if they come up with something that we think the customer would want, we'll add it. If they don't, we won't. If you look in our own corporate brand categories, you'll find some items we've moved to smaller packs. Other items, we've actually moved to bigger packs. And it really -- it is category-specific.
W. Rodney McMullen: The only other thing, Dave, I would add is that we're working really hard to make sure that we have that next generation of what's being done. We started doing some personalized offers and pricing 4 or 5 years ago. There's all kinds of things we're doing that's really the next version of that and in making it even better for our customers. So we're not standing still either, and we've always assumed our competitors will keep getting better.
W. Rodney McMullen: Yes, the only thing I would add is we're finding in some situations the competitors when they open up, our estimates would show they take a lot more volume from their own stores than what we would have necessarily seen in the past. And there is a point where there's a certain amount of customers like to shop a certain store or format. But it's not 100% of customers want to shop a certain type of store. So we are seeing that. The other thing we're also seeing is competitors continue to fall out too. It's just the profile of those is not high as the ones that people open up.
W. Rodney McMullen: Yes. Penny profit per item would be slightly higher in the third quarter than the second quarter. As Dave mentioned before, we certainly see the market being very rational out there. Tomorrow, that could change. But so far, what we're seeing is very rational. I wouldn't say it's so much of a Kroger change as -- it's the whole market needing to continue to make sure that the costs we get, we go ahead and pass that through.
