W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. When we announced Restock Kroger, we talked about retailers needing to constantly reinvent themselves. It takes time to do this. We're now past the halfway point and everything we are doing today is transforming our business for renewed growth. For 2018, we are a little ahead of where we thought we'd be. We're hitting our cost control targets due to process change, improving the associate experience and innovating to create the future of retail. That innovation is both internal and external. We are joining up with external partners like Ocado and Home Chef to create customer value while quickly expanding our seamless coverage area. We remain confident in our ability to deliver both on our plan for the year and to execute Restock Kroger over the next 3 years, which will create shareholder value. Now, we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Just one additional thing to Mike's comment. I mean, we're really looking at what's a blend of both and which one accelerates for us to be able to get it complete as fast as possible in an efficient way and making sure that we maintain and grow on the relationship with the customers. So it's really looking at partnerships and some things we continue to build on our own. If you look at our own ClickList business, we're growing on our own. So it's really a blend of both. 
W. McMullen: Yes. You hear us talk about -- a lot about opportunity culture. And what we find is when people love people and love working with people and they love food, we're a beautiful place to come. And people come here for a job, but as they spend time around people and the [ fastest going ] and the ability to understand how they impact peoples' lives every single day, they fall in love with it, and that's when it becomes a career. And the nice thing about us is as -- many of the people -- over 70% of our store managers started out as hourly associates. So it's a great place to come for a job and then make it a career. 
W. McMullen: Well, we're going to open the facilities as fast as we can. Obviously, there's a certain amount of time it takes to construct a facility and then for Ocado to build it out. So there's plenty of pressure on Ocado and us to get them open as quick as we can, but there is obviously a certain amount of time in terms of what it takes to actually get the work done. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Some of our competitors would include expansions, but we do not include expansions in our calculation. We didn't before and we still don't. Sorry, Ken. 
W. McMullen: Yes. You did not mishear it. And that is our vision and our aspiration. And obviously, that will be one piece of the puzzle on serving that. Home Chef will also be one piece of serving it. And we -- our customers tell us we do a great job of helping them solve every day needs in a great way. And any way that we can expand the number of people that can get access to that, that's good for our customers. It's good for our associates. And when we do things good for those, our shareholders benefit. So you did not misinterpret my comment. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- I'm going to give you a little bit more answer, Ken, than you probably even want. But one of the things last year that our team did was a very elaborate analysis of Our Brands versus our competitors, their own brands, and we also did taste comparisons and quality comparisons versus national brands. And one of the things that we had underappreciated was the quality of our product scored incredibly well with our customers and potential customers. So one of the things that Mike and Robert and their teams and Gil, their teams decided to do was based on that insight is to be much more aggressive about telling our customers the quality of what we have and what we have to offer. So really, that's what caused us to make our own brands such a key and integral part of Restock Kroger. It's that commitment and drive that our customers are supporting us. And it's showing in the results. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I love your questions and I agree with your comment that it's early in the process. What we're really trying to do is to make sure that we have an overall infrastructure for digital that can support whether it's 5% of share or 30% of share. If it ends up being 30% of share in grocery as digital, then the Ocado, you'll have more sheds and they'll be used to take pressure off of a store and a store will become more of a distribution point. So what we're really trying to design is a flexibility of a system that can scale based on how the customer changes. We would expect that Ocado would be something that we will pick orders out of for stores if the orders in a store comes to a high enough percentage that it affects the customer's experience. 
W. McMullen: Yes. So far, it doesn't, but the thing that we don't know, if you look at our sales growth on ClickList or our digital overall, it was in the high 60s and in -- and some of that growth is in -- is driven by identicals. And we're starting to get a pretty good base of identical stores that are on ClickList. If it continues to grow at its pace, we certainly could see, when you go out a couple of years, where it could and we want to be proactive on being positioned to deal with it versus reactive to dealing with it. 
W. McMullen: I guess, I would -- elasticity is consistent with what we expected it would be. There are certain categories where there's very little elasticity. There's others that would have elasticity. So so far, the investments have been consistent with what we would have expected. And you're always balancing a mix between those different items. 
W. McMullen: And broader, over time -- this isn't specific to any market -- we would expect continued consolidation in our industry. And that's been a trend that's happened for the last -- for 20, 30 years. And I'm trying to remember, Mike may have mentioned it this morning on one of the interviews. If you look at competitors in terms of who has market share, almost 30% of the market share is still held by people without our economies of scale. 
W. McMullen: We would certainly view that it's part of the overall equation and improving the profitability over time, but we're -- as you've heard us talk about before, what we're really focused on is when somebody decides to eat something, they can get it from us. And we're increasingly adding delivery service to markets. We're using our data to help inspire people on what a meal that they will enjoy. So it's part of that overall ecosystem as we create the retail of the future. So it's an important component of that, but it's one piece of the total puzzle. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at digital, the -- I think the key point -- and this is the part that hasn't surprised us at all. When a customer engages with us digitally, we get a higher share of their total household spend. And what we find is the customer still comes into the store, but they come into it based on when they want to or -- an example I always think of is if you've got a couple of kids at home and they bring their friends over, you probably didn't buy food for their friends and somebody will stop by or get a delivery to their house really quick. So what we find is the more digitally engaged somebody is, the higher their total household spend is. It's not necessarily consistent from week-to-week in terms of your share of how much of it's digital and how much of it's physical in the store. The thing that's absolutely critical is to do it in a seamless way and do it seamlessly from food inspiration or help you eat healthier. We just launched an app called OptUP and we're able to -- if a customer opts in, we can help a customer eat better on a sugar basis. Over time, we'll have more functionality, but today, it's more minimizing and managing your sugar intake. But all of those things is how do we make your life easier and how do you live your life -- how do we help support you living your life the way you want to? So everything that we're doing, what we're trying to do is to make sure it's seamless across all our channels. So that's really the piece that we're working hard on. On your second question on Ocado, that's one of the things that the Ocado team is actually working with us and modeling is to understand how far can a shed reach in a market. And as you know with Ocado, they also have local depots as well that will be part of a shed network. And right now, they are actually modeling -- answering your question -- your question's a great one, but we are in the middle of modeling that. And so at some point, we'll be able to answer with more specifics, but at this point, we're still working on that. 
W. McMullen: We are incredibly confident about the future of Kroger, especially with Restock Kroger. One of the exciting things about our earnings call is that many of our associates listen in to better understand and gain insights into our business. And of course, many of our associates are shareholders as well. So before we end today's call, I'd like to share a few final comments directed toward them. We are very proud of Kroger's opportunity culture where you can come for a job and stay for a career. And as you know, we took 1/3 of our tax savings to invest in new and enhanced benefits for our associates. We used part of that investment to establish our best-in-class educational offering, Feed Your Future. I'm thrilled to see so many of you already taking advantage of these new benefits. Let me tell you a story about one of the first associates to take advantage of Feed Your Future. Lindsay is a pharmacy technician in our Louisville division. She was working her way through college, accumulating student loans and had planned to stop working to focus on school full-time. But after an assistant store manager told her about Feed Your Future, Lindsay decided to stay with Kroger while she finishes her bachelor's degree. And now, Lindsay's goal is to pursue a graduate degree with dreams of becoming a physician's assistant for our Little Clinic business. Lindsay's story is exactly what we hoped would happen when we introduced Feed Your Future. We believe that when we support our associates and each other and our customers, business and shareholders will benefit. Thank you for all you do for each other and everybody every day. That completes our call for today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: I'm not sure what you mean by buy versus build on the home delivery. We really haven't -- obviously, with Home Chef and the meal kits, we did anticipate merging with them. And they have a great process and a great home delivery business of those meal kits, but as Rodney said, they're also going to take over managing the in-store portion of that business as well. So they'll get insight not just to home delivery, but also delivering the meals to those customers in the brick-and-mortar environment as well. Another aspects of home delivery. We're actually creating partnerships, whether it's with Instacart as we do today in areas or as we further our relationship with Ocado and start building the sheds here in the U.S. and have that be an avenue for home delivery as well. We think some of these partnerships and the phenomenal technology and proprietary information and processes that Ocado has will accelerate our ability to do those in the U.S. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I don't -- I would say we haven't changed our view of where operating profit dollars would trend for the year. It would be a consistent view that we would expect, overall, for 2018 to be a bit of an investment year. Obviously, our share count is a lot lower, which will help your earnings per share calculation. We are off to a great start for the year. I think we purposely, if you look at how we've set this year up, we purposely made sure we had some of the savings in the bank from the process changes. We began to pull-forward investments in the business in the last several weeks of the quarter. So you didn't see a lot of the effect [Audio Gap] from the investments we're going to make in price and other service elements in the store until very late in the quarter. Those will start to happen in the second quarter and throughout the rest of the year as well. 
J. Schlotman: Sure, Ed. If you look at IDs, obviously, we're just barely below the guidance range. Either the old definition or the new definition, we're only 10 basis points short of being inside our guidance range for the year. So it's not a huge hill to climb to be inside that guidance range for the year. There are a lot of moving parts to ID sales out there. I would agree with you on inflation. There certainly isn't as much inflation. There's mid -- between 1% and 2% inflation in pharmacy. The rest of the business would probably be 0.5% to a little less than 0.5%. And in some categories, it's actually deflationary, but it's a little bit all over the board. When you think about -- as we continue to execute our space optimization strategy, that certainly creates a headwind today. We think that headwind will continue to mitigate throughout the second quarter, a little bit -- it will lessen, it will continue to be a headwind. And by the time we get to late third quarter, we would expect that to turn to be a tailwind, which we think will help offset some of the headwind we create on our own on the retail cost deflation by the investments and prices we're making. I would say our expectations for ID sales this year were not really predicated on an inflation-driven result. It was based on a unit-driven result. Just when you think about the fact we knew we were going to be creating headwinds early in the year with space optimization and now that we've done the first slug of the pull-forward investments we planned to make at the end of this quarter, that will create some -- a bit of a headwind in the near-term as well. And answering your question about where we are so far in the quarter, I think our expectations from the quarter would be that we would expect to be somewhere in the neighborhood of where we were in this year's -- in the first quarter. We would expect the second quarter to be comparable to that. We're slightly below it, but keep in mind, we're probably at the peak of the headwind for space optimization today and we're right in the biggest portion of having made all of the pull-forward price investments we made in the last 4 weeks of the quarter. All of those are converging right now. And we continue to be very happy with the unit growth we see and the response from our customers of what we see in reacting to the price investments, a lot of those in Our Brands. And you heard Rodney talk about Our Brands unit growth in the first quarter of over 5%, which is -- it's not only phenomenal product, it's a phenomenal result and even more value for our customers. 
J. Schlotman: No, I absolutely agree. And one of the exciting things we're seeing is we're starting to see the green shoots of the investments in the opening wage rates for our associates and our ability to retain that associate for a longer period of time. If we can keep that associate for a full year, we're actually on the positive side of the investment because we haven't invested -- we haven't had to hire and train and get a new associate up to speed. And that cost is actually more than the dollar an hour wage investment for 2,000 in [ ADRs ] worked in a year. So it winds up being very positive for our associates. They can -- they get more pay. And it winds up being positive for our customers because you have a more experienced and recognizable workforce as well. 
J. Schlotman: It's certainly a component in every negotiation we have of getting wall-to-wall clerk status in those contracts. So whatever task needs to be completed next, we can manage a workforce that can do all the tasks inside of a store rather than need to have 3 or 4 different employees all ready to do the next task in each individual department. That was clearly a component of the Cincinnati negotiation that we completed most recently. And it's not like flipping a switch for Cincinnati where they immediately understand how to manage a work schedule with a clerk like that after many years of not having that type of a clerk. So those savings continue to grow in the Cincinnati market, but we strive to get that more and more added. It's an important component of, one, we have to hire. We have to have fewer people because I can have one person work 15 or 16 hours a week instead of 4 people working a few hours in every department. [indiscernible] of hours worked. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I don't have that exact math right in front of me. We've been very outspoken about the fact that we expect operating profit dollars to be -- FIFO operating profit dollars to be down this year as compared to last year. That would continue to be our expectation. And as I said earlier in the prepared comments, we continue to make the investments in the business and they became later in the year as well. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we made a lot of the pull-forward price investments we made in the last 4 weeks of the quarter. We wanted to make sure we had that tailwind and knew that we were going to get the cost savings before we made the investments and just hoped about it. One other thing I would remind you about the year-on-year comparison is, last year had 53 weeks and this year has 52 weeks. So you have to adjust for that as well. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I guess, I can give you comp by store, too. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're about 30% of the way through the 600. So that would mean we've got about 200 or so of the stores completed. That doesn't mean that they've gone through the maturation process that it takes a few weeks after the completion for the customer to come back in the store, get familiar with the new layout of the store, make sure -- there are instances where our customer is looking for something. In the near term, kind of throws up the white flag until they can figure out exactly where everything is located in the new layout. Now, we staff up and have maps and things like that, but that takes a while. As I said earlier, we expect over the course of the next couple of periods that the peak amount of the headwind from the space optimization will be occurring. And by the time we get late in the third quarter, we will clearly have more stores completed going through -- and on the upside of the maturation process than stores we have left to start or that are still in process. Well, it's a little early at this point in time to talk about the stores and the lift we're having. We actually had that conversation yesterday in our meetings and we would think -- we think that's probably something we'll address in the second quarter. What I would tell you is what we're seeing so far is exactly -- it's exactly the pattern that we would expected and that we saw on the 20 or so stores we did early in this process to determine it was something worth doing on a broader basis. So we haven't seen any surprises whatsoever. 
J. Schlotman: I just want to point out one thing on your question on operating profit. I would encourage you to look at the tables attached to the press release to understand the adjustment items that are in there because I think when you pull out the C stores, when you pull out -- we had a mark-to-market gain on the Ocado shares we owned before the announcement of the merger. That was like $36 million, which is on Table 6 of the earnings release. I think when you look at operating profit margin dollars apples-to-apples, the dollars were actually down slightly in the quarter as compared to last year, not up, which is exactly the trend we expect. But again, it goes -- it's all about balance and trying to keep things within the range we have. There are -- there were several things that happened in the first quarter that were income that we took out of adjustment items when you look at -- I think it's Table 6 in the press release that's... 
J. Schlotman: Net new stores would not be in. Relocations would not be in. Well, the stores don't go in until they're open in their current state for 5 full quarters. So if we expand, relocate or open a new store, it's the fifth quarter where they go in. There are other parts of our business that generate revenue, things like 84.51° and our data sales and those kinds of items, that we don't include in ID sales. What is in ID sales are things we sell directly to a customer, whether it's through a brick-and-mortar store or an online business. That is what's in ID sales today going forward. 
J. Schlotman: Well, you can certainly never predict when a competitor is going to wind up closing. And if you look around some of our markets where there had been closures, we've been the beneficiary in a few ways: One, from picking up the business; two, from picking up some of their closed store sites like we did in Indianapolis when Marsh closed and as Farm Fresh has exited the Hampton Roads area. We picked up some of those stores and some other folks have as well. You continue to see those kinds of things happening as well. Southeastern Grocers, as they emerge from bankruptcy, we're not obviously very affected by the stores in Florida they closed, but as they repositioned their portfolio of BI-LO stores, there's certainly a number of those that would have gone up against either a Kroger store or a Harris Teeter store. So those wind up being beneficial. We didn't really pick up much of anything from there. There was only one or 2 stores that had any interest. And I, frankly, don't even know if they came to fruition as I sit here right now. But anytime a store closes in a market, it winds up helping. Sometimes our folks say, well, they're only doing x volume in the business. And I say, well, if you get half of that and divide it by the sales of the nearest store, you're talking 3% or 4% IDs for that store. So it can be kind of beneficial when those come in on top because those incremental sales are very valuable. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I wouldn't -- we're constantly looking at our portfolio. We constantly look at closing underperforming stores and reallocating capital. I wouldn't say that we're -- specifically want to sell anything or buy anything, but we're cognizant of what might be more valuable to someone else versus us. That's really what happened with the convenience store business. It's a business we had invested a lot of capital in and multiples of EBITDA for the sales of those are pretty much at all-time highs. And it was a prudent time to have that asset and found a great partner in EG who wound up taking all of our associates. And it's a process we go through with our board on a regular basis. So they understand which assets that we have are generating a good return on invested capital and which aren't. 
J. Schlotman: Well, in our mind, as you know, a big portion and the fundamental piece of Restock Kroger is to continue to invest in our business and that takes several forms. It's -- when we say invest in the business, everybody immediately goes to price. Price is an important component of it. We are making investments in price in certain categories. I would say we're not opposed to a retail shelf price going up. And sometimes, we have to be cognizant as the dominant player in many markets. If there's price inflation in a particular item or a particular category, if the big players don't pass on that inflation, it's probably not going to get passed on. So we do make those value judgments day in and day out as we look at the particular categories where the inflation might be. This is a game of what's -- how do we make sure that our offering resonates with the consumers and we try to balance all facets of that. 
J. Schlotman: Well, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, our shrink folks had a great result in the quarter and continue to get a better result on our waste. And they're looking at it -- really, they don't use the word shrink. We use the word shrink because that's what resonates with all of you. Internally, we talk about waste. And they're trying to understand every facet of waste, whether it's not having the product aligned in the back cooler the right way to get on the sales floor before it goes out of code, making sure the back doors are locked so a product only comes in the back door and not out the back door, making sure that the high theft areas of our store are monitored generally electronically. You can go in stores today and you'll see visible cameras in high theft areas like cosmetics. They probably saw me this weekend when I waved to one of the cameras when I was in my local Kroger store. They're probably wondering -- now, they'll probably going to watch me in every store I go into. But those kinds of techniques are out there to prevent the waste. And when you have those kinds of techniques in there, people are less likely to even try. And when they do try and they get caught, that does spread through that community and they stop trying with you. But it goes across the broad spectrum of monitors on cooler doors not being shut at a store. And if it's open for x seconds, not only does it waste energy, it lets hot air in and the product quality can be diminished. Well, with our temperature monitoring process that we actually originally put in as a labor savings initiative in the store so we didn't have to go about the store and -- I'm starting to talk like the Brits and go about the store. I've spent a lot of time with Ocado -- but go about the store and take temperatures. What you really find is it winds up being quite a bit of a waste reduction benefit in keeping the cold chain secure. I'd like to say it used to be you didn't know an ice cream freezer was losing temperature until you saw the ice cream melt. Now, we get an alert that, that motor in that ice cream case is being inefficient. You can get the product out, get the motor fixed and probably get it fixed with a repair instead of a replacement like what we used to have to do in the past. So there's a whole lot of things like that. I highlight waste today because they're working really hard and having really great results. And I want to have a little bit of a shout out to that team and thank you for all the hard work they've done. It's starting to show. It's in the results. 
J. Schlotman: So our team that negotiates the cost of goods with our vendors continue to have great success using a variety of techniques depending on the category. And keep in mind, everything we do on our negotiation process begins with the customer in the forefront and understanding by category what items are important to the customer, what items might be less important to the customer. And that begins the whole -- the entire negotiation process and, oftentimes, playing one vendor off of another when the customer might be indifferent to it. I would say it's right on track with our expectation. It is a big component of our expected savings over the next 3 years. And I'm thrilled with what that entire team has done. And we've brought some new talent into that group. And we're really thrilled with how that group has hit the ground running on not only cost of goods, saving of goods for sale, but also goods not for resale, so supplies and the like and other items that we consume ourselves in doing business every day. 
