W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. This is another terrific quarter. Our associates are making a difference for our customers by providing excellent service and product quality and selection. As I said earlier, results like this don't happen by accident. We create these results by connecting with our customers through our powerful Customer 1st Strategy. When we take care of our customers, we create sustainable value for our shareholders.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: And we -- internally, we usually use a rolling 4-quarter number. This year, we didn't just because of how strong fuel margins were in the third and fourth quarter. And as Mike mentioned, on a daily basis, we're probably never right, but usually over the year, it gets pretty close. 
W. McMullen: Well, from a full service, I guess, I would say it's probably been pretty consistent over the last 3 or 4 years. Not -- certainly not aggressive. Certainly, if you look at the niche merchants, there would be much higher growth there, but we consider everybody a competitor. So we don't -- we wouldn't segment it as different as what probably most people would think we would. 
W. McMullen: The other thing on tonnage, we always try to give an outline of where we are and how it feels, but it's very hard to calculate. And when a customer buys a 24 unit of something versus a 12 unit of something in our -- internally, we count that as one and one. 
W. McMullen: It's not that we're trying to avoid the question. It's just that it's -- there's an awful lot of assumptions behind that, and what we try to do is give everybody a general feel for what's going on. 
W. McMullen: Yes, the length of the test would seem long just because it became public a lot faster than we had intended to because somehow, one of the newspaper folks that follow us found the actual website that we were testing with our associates. So it's not that it was longer than normal. It's just that it was public longer than what we normally would. It's tracking -- if you look at our original plan, we're tracking on exactly where we thought we would be on the original plan, and feel good about it. And then Mike just pointed out to me, we just added our second store, I guess it was this week or last week. 
W. McMullen: The shortest hard question to answer, and when I did my own performance review with our Board, somebody asked the same question. And you've followed Kroger for a long time, and you realize when you look at our culture overall, we're always very proud of what we've accomplished. But at the same time, we feel like we have a tremendous opportunity to get better, and a lot of times, we like to use the words that our to-do list is longer than our done list. And when you look at what's out in front of us, we are incredibly excited about the opportunities that we see to continue to get better. And the hardest thing that we have to do is actually make sure that we're trying not to improve on all things at once, but what are the things that are most important to the customer and put all our resources against that. So I guess that the way I would say overall is obviously, we're delighted with the quarter, delighted with the progress we're making. We're even more excited about the opportunity to continue to get better. So I feel very good about where we are, but I feel even better about the opportunities we have in front of us. 
W. McMullen: It's -- probably I'm trying to think of the easiest way to answer your question because it's a very good question. The -- it's more opportunity. So if you think about like apparel, where you just -- we've added apparel to, I don't know, I think we're up to 70-some marketplace stores. We're still learning what is the right selection of product to have that's in a marketplace store. Obviously, the Fred Meyer Group helps us get insight and procures the product for us through that channel, but we're still learning what's the right things to put in. And there's a ton of those kind of things going on, so it's really hard to say we're -- there's one specific item or one specific customer. It's much broader than that, and it's 100 different things versus just one thing that we're really trying to get better at. 
W. McMullen: Nothing that I can put my finger on. It's still real healthy for us. Again, we have good supplies, so we haven't had any issues around that. But no, customers still are as interested in the natural category, the natural foods world, real food, we call it, as they ever have been. 
W. McMullen: Ken, as I just mentioned, if you look at the identicals so far this quarter, we continue to be a little ahead of the range guidance we gave for the year. Part of that is driven because we believe inflation will continue to decline during the year, and we would still expect that based on what we're seeing today when you look at the impact on identicals. 
W. McMullen: And I will answer your question a little different than how Mike did. If you look at the Fresh side of our business, produce, meat and some of those departments, deli, we're having incredibly strong growth. Some of that is improving freshness. Some of it is that customers wanting to eat products that's fresher. And that is something that we have a huge competitive advantage versus a lot of our competitors because the variety that we offer, we offer it all, plus we do still have some -- there are certain products you just can't get an organic item or a natural item. So we're able to make your full shop with us. So it's really a position of strength for us and an opportunity for us to continue to deliver. 
W. McMullen: The -- you're correct when you say we don't comment on mergers. So I won't talk about the particular specifics on the one you asked about. But any time companies merge, it creates certain opportunities and you try to make sure that you deal with the opportunities that are created, and different ones create different kinds of opportunities. And it really is you sit down and say what is the right strategy for this particular one? So -- and we wouldn't look at, if the 2 of them merge, any different than whenever somebody else merges. And we believe there'll be continued consolidation in our industry and we have every intentions of being a consolidator in that consolidation of the industry. And as you know, we've participated in several mergers over the last year and the last several years. 
W. McMullen: Well, we love the pharmacy business and the whole offer that it offers for the customer, and we continue to see strength -- strong results there. One of the things that if you look at the average volume per location and some of that, we would have very, very strong performance on a per location basis and continue to do very well and grow. So we're... 
W. McMullen: For us, the progress that we've made overall, we really would give our hats off to our associates. It's our associates interacting one-on-one every time and helping make the customers' experience a little bit better is what's driving the results, and it's our ability to support our associates to deliver great service. So it's -- I don't know that there's a big magic wand that we're waving. It really is 100 small things but doing each one of those things a little bit better and our associates continue to improve our execution and giving us feedback so we can keep getting better. And then using the insights we have working with 84.51째 and then now going forward, we'll be able to work with others broader than just 84.51째. So it's all of those things together that's supporting that. 
W. McMullen: Well, we would say about Publix the way we would say about tons of competitors, Walmart, Costco and on and on and on. They're a great competitor. We always learn a lot from them because they do a great job running their stores, and we don't look at so much in terms of how do you stop a specific competitor. We're really focused on how do we make sure we keep getting better, and if they're successful in a market, they're successful at somebody else's expense, not us. 
W. McMullen: Yes, the -- how do I answer your question without our competitors understanding exactly what we're trying to do? The -- I can tell you I've had more dialogue, and several of us have, in terms of how do we better use the data we have for the benefit of our customers and to run our business better. And we've had more of those discussions in the last 8 weeks than we had in the 2 years before that because we spent an awful lot of time talking about things other than Kroger. So to us, there -- and as I mentioned in my prepared comments, there are a lot of great people at 84.51째 that we're just so excited for them to be part of our family, and I know they're so excited because they're going to be able to even help us accelerate what we're doing. So it's really hard to say specifics other than I can tell you we have a huge list of things that we can use our data for, for the benefit of our customers and running our business better that would, for whatever reason, we hadn't taken advantage of. And we're going to figure out a way to prioritize that and figure out a way to take advantage of that, and some of those cases will involve partnering with other companies other than just 84.51째. 
W. McMullen: Yes, we really won't comment on that at this point.  Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. We recently wrapped up our Red, White and Barbecue celebration in stores across our company. Special thanks to each of you for making this exciting event possible, and I can tell you I personally ate way too much on the samples. Our customers loved kicking off the summer grilling season with fresh flavors and fun ideas to share with their family and friends. I also want to thank you for helping show Kroger's gratitude to our active duty troops and our nation's 23 million veterans this summer. Through our partnership with the USO and the Honoring Our Heroes campaign, we hope to raise an additional $2 million for our military men and women. Together, Kroger's associates and customers have raised more than $11.9 million since 2010 to support USO programs. This represents the largest gift to the USO in its history. Visit the Honoring our Heroes website for more information about how you can help. We also continue to hire our heroes. More than 29,000 veterans have joined our team since 2009, including more than 6,000 associates last year. Thank you for helping welcome them to our Kroger family.  That completes our call today, and thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: It's a variety of factors, Ed, and one, it is early in the year. And as we said in both the release and in the prepared comments, the operating environment's a bit volatile right now. There's a lot of volatility in fuel prices. They've obviously come in very quickly to a more normal range from where the range was at the end of the year last year. We know that will be a headwind in the fourth quarter. It was baked into our original 8% to 11%. Our actual first quarter results, while ahead of The Street, were just a little bit over the 8% to 11% range, and we had expected to be the near the high end of the range ourselves, which was our original guidance on cadence. And then just the volatility of inflation that's out there. While we've seen some categories with deflation, we know that pharmacy inflation is actually as high as it's been over the last several years. In the first quarter, it's right at double digits. And then a little bit of concern or thought process about the avian virus with the poultry flocks and how that might affect input costs later in the year and what's going to happen with availability of those products. So when we stepped back and thought about it, while we're pleased with the first quarter, we thought the most prudent move given the uncertainty -- or the volatility of some of the things out there was to maintain our guidance range. We had guided in March that if fuel margins came in, it may put us at the low end. We aren't saying we're going to be at the low end, but we're maintaining the range because that actually has happened with fuel. 
J. Schlotman: I -- we -- I wouldn't say we've focused on any one number. Our practice on fuel is to follow the market, and then give our most loyal customers a really good value on fuel by the -- our fuel rewards program, which I'll remind everybody the cost of that reduces our ID sales, it doesn't reduce the fuel margin. And it's really just what's happening in the marketplace as we follow the marketplace and stay right on The Street price and the signs but then give that incremental reward. I wouldn't say there's anything unusual in the first quarter. Any short period of time in fuel is an interesting result but a longer period of time is what's more important. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we're still expecting it to be in the 1% to 2% range. We're actually at the high end of that range in the first quarter, a lot of that driven by the pharmaceutical inflation that Mike mentioned -- or we mentioned in the prepared comments, primarily in the generic arena. So that's out there. We do expect to see some potential inflation out there in the poultry flocks as the avian flu issue hits. We don't know what's going to happen with all of the input ingredients that go into products from liquid eggs and how that might affect a lot of products that contain that as an ingredient. So we think that 1% to 2% is right. So far, that's what we're seeing. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, if you look at second and third quarter, actually I think second quarter we said at high end and third quarter above. We just flip flopped those a little bit. It takes $8 million flipping between quarters to do that, and it's just our best thinking today. So it doesn't affect the year. I think if you look back to what we just said in March, the guidance on those 2 quarters just flipped between quarters. We still expect a very strong year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, relative to tonnage, we won't give an actual number. As Mike said in his prepared comments, it was the strongest we've had since 2010, and we haven't given a specific number, but we're very pleased with where it is. If you think about in the comments I made on OG&A, we're very pleased with the leverage we've got of 15 basis point reduction in that as a rate of sales. We did make conscious decisions to invest in other keys of our 4 key strategy versus price to provide a better shopping experience to our customers, both through making sure the products are on the shelves in a timely basis, having our associates friendly and we keep our products as fresh as possible. So there was some conscious decision to invest in incremental services for our customers, which provides more jobs and hours for our associates as well. 
J. Schlotman: Or water, the common package for bottled water today is 32 bottles. It used to be 24. That's still a unit. 
J. Schlotman: And again that's in a beta test and you kind of have to know it's there. It's a new experience for us, and we just want to make sure it's right. 
J. Schlotman: No, I absolutely agree. It's right in sync with the prepared comments we had. And I'll just throw in, when you think about our 4 keys, we're constantly asking ourselves what do we invest in to make sure that we're offering the best balance to the customer based on what the customer wants and the retail environment that we're in. So Rodney's point about investing more in our people in the last few quarters is right on. 
J. Schlotman: We're at the high end of that range, primarily driven by Pharmacy. It's about 1/8. If you look at it without Pharmacy, it would have been lower, and the comments we had on a volatile operating environment is -- if you just get rid of the headline news on inflation and you start to dig into the commodities, you have things going all over the world. And one of the things I think we're most proud of this quarter is there were so many things bouncing around, and our ability to manage through that this quarter really showed up in our results. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I think the strong IDs without fuel would demonstrate how happy we are with our core grocery performance, and our -- that's built into our expectations for the year when we raised ID sales guidance without fuel. So we're very pleased with what's going on inside the 4 walls of the store. 
J. Schlotman: When we just -- Andy, when we sat back and looked at all the factors out there and the fact that even though it's -- even though on a calendar, we're almost halfway through the year, but for Kroger, we're only a quarter of the way through the year, we just thought it was very early to change our EPS guidance for the year given the volatility in a lot of commodities inside inflation, giving -- given what could be an unknown effect of the avian virus as we go throughout the year, volatility in fuel. Again, we're very happy with where we are and we think given the 8% to 11% growth rate off of a very strong last year, being able to deliver in that range and continue to produce the results on the cadence we projected we think will result in a very fine year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I'm not sure. I guess, I'll speak for myself a little bit here. I'm not sure I 100% agree with your thesis. When you look at some of the specialty retailers, just because some of them have reported lower ID sales than what their trend has been, they continue to open stores. They have a little bit of cannibalization, and a lot of them continue to post ID sales above what the market would be growing at. So I wouldn't subscribe to the theory that there's necessarily a sudden shift in market share away from them. It may be a slower growth in market share gain, but I wouldn't say it's a shift away from them. We actually -- we can't ask our customers where did you shop before. When they -- when our IDs go up 5.1%, we believe we're taking share and more sales dollars from our customers from a wide variety of retailers and are happy to do that, and that's really what we focus on. But I think our sales strength comes from a broad base of folks, including doing a better job of offering new and unique products that they may not be able to get somewhere else, like Simple Truth. But I think -- I wouldn't -- if I were sitting in their chairs, I wouldn't necessarily be embarrassed by some of the recent results they've had. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I think the answer to that question isn't what my financial capacity is, it's what's the capacity of the organization to do something, it's what assets might be available, and do they fit the metrics that we typically would go after when you would look at a transaction. So we wouldn't sit back and say, oh, Harris Teeter's behind us. We've delevered. Let's go spend another $2.5 billion, get it back up to 2.4 and work our way back down. It's really quite the opposite. It's one of the reasons we try to maintain the ratio where it is if an opportunity does come up, can we take on the leverage of that correct unique opportunity, act on it, have the rating agencies continue to have the believability in us doing what we say, and that is we told them 18 to 24 months we'd get our leverage back down. It took 12, and it went down again this year. And I think the statistics we went through with the return of capital to shareholders as well as what we've invested back in the business, all told, when you add that up, it's about $4.5 billion we either returned or invested. And to maintain debt at a flat level really demonstrates the power of the cash that we can generate as a company. 
Michael Ellis: The brand, we're very pleased with. I think you'll find around 2,600 SKUs in our stores today and talk about connecting with the customer in a meaningful way. They have taken the brand and really embraced the brand. For us, it's been not only strategic, but it's really lining up with what customers are looking for today. And you can also buy it now on Vitacost.com. And it's available there also, so anybody who -- even if you don't shop in a Kroger market, you're able to get the product today. But no, we've been totally -- completely pleased with the progress we're making, and there are many more new items to come. 
Michael Ellis: Well, today, we have a pretty good selection of natural foods, supplements, body building products, health care products in our stores. Vitacost really just helps us fulfill that long tail of items that are smaller in some cases, and on the King Soopers website now, you can pick up 25,000 to 30,000 additional SKUs than what you'd find in a typical Kroger store. So it's really helped us take natural foods, natural products to the customer in a much broader way. We're really pleased with where we're headed. There's a lot of work still to do. We're approaching our first anniversary with Vitacost next month, and so we're actually moving pretty fast as a company and we're pleased with where we're headed. 
Michael Ellis: Just what we learned from this type of a format has really been helpful to better understand that value segment and how to operate in that value world. So we've really, as a company, learned a lot, I think. 
Michael Ellis: Well, we probably have seen different competitive pockets of activity around the country, but that's not unusual. But as a company, we just tend to deal with that as things change and as our customers -- try to meet our customers' needs in the most beneficial way to them. But there's nothing really specific that I can put my finger on, but again, there is promotional activity. But when you have as broad a geography as we have, you see just about everything throughout the course of time. So yes, nothing I can really put my finger on. 
Michael Ellis: Nothing that I would say is worth reporting, but -- most of what we see today is just this mainstreaming of natural and organics continues, but I wouldn't say there's additional retail pressure on those categories, I guess. 
Michael Ellis: Well, we -- I can say we're pleased with transactions, and number of households and visits per household and spend per customer. So in general, it's very healthy for us right now. I really don't want to get too specific about any of the numbers, but overall, it's been a combination of those factors that have been driving our ID sales. 
