W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. Our third quarter performance is further evidence that Kroger is improving our connection with customers and delivering growth for our shareholders. We continue to increase capital investments, which creates exciting opportunities for our business and for our associates. We enjoyed discussing several of those opportunities with you during our investor conference in October. Our positive momentum is expected to carry through to the fourth quarter and sets us up well as we look to 2015. More importantly, Kroger's to-do list remains longer than our done list. There is a lot more to come.  Now we will look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: The Harris Teeter team has done a nice job of running their own business, but the other thing is they've been incredibly helpful helping teach all of Kroger some ideas as well. So it's been great so far, and the synergy's moving along as we expected as well. 
W. McMullen: The -- if you look at our own numbers, we would have difficulty finding some of the same correlations. When gas prices go up, our fuel reward program has a little bit more strength. As gas prices go down, people have more money to spend. So as you know, when we look at fuel, we just look at one more service that we're offering the customer and one more reason to come to Kroger. The comments that we made -- that Mike and I both made, we continue to see improvement in the economy. It's slow, but it's going in the right direction, and it's really across all customers. But if you look at mainstream and up, those customers have fully recovered. The customers that are on a budget are improving, but it's much slower and more constrained. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at like the tax settlements and stuff, we just let those, for the most part, be when they are. And we just disclose it to let you know what it is. And it flows to the bottom line, but it's onetime. If it's things that we think are things that are sustainable, those are the things that we would look at in terms of continuing to invest in the business from a service standpoint and a price standpoint. But it's -- as you mentioned, it's always a balance between those 2 pieces, and we are always focused on what's going on in the marketplace and what do we think is the best use of that opportunity when it happens. So it doesn't answer your question directly because the answer's actually different depending on what we see the opportunities to be. 
W. McMullen: If you look at all of our data insights, and dunnhumby that you referenced is obviously one piece of that, but there's a lot of other insights, you're continually getting insights and testing things. And the things that work, you do more of, and the ones that don't work, you stop doing. And that never stops. So it's an ongoing basis in terms of trying to understand customer needs. So if you think about your earlier question on natural and organics, well, that's some insights from our customers. But one of the things our customers are very clear is they don't want to have to pay a premium for natural and organics, and we're trying to make sure that we have where they can get a good-quality product at a price that's comparable to the nonorganic brands and, in some cases, actually the same price. So it's, really, that would just be one example, but there's a whole host of things where you're continually trying to get insights, insights on actually where to locate stores. It's broad parts of our business, and it's actually getting that insight and using it is the key. 
W. McMullen: One of the things that we think is important, when you look at inflation over the last 10 years, Kroger's been able to really manage in all inflationary environments, whether there's been deflation or inflation. There's always a transition if it suddenly changes quickly, very high or very low, to manage that transition. But over time, we've found that we really -- our associates have the ability to manage in all environments. 
W. McMullen: The thing that's exciting, and Mike mentioned it in his prepared comments, we're seeing good growth with our existing customers, but we're also seeing new loyal shoppers. And so it's really balanced across both, and that's one of the things exciting. And it's been -- it's a little bit higher now than earlier in the year, but it was strong earlier in the year, as well. I don't know, Mike, if you want to add anything. 
W. McMullen: Well, as you know, when you were out in October, we're obviously very excited about the Marketplace stores and the use of all our formats together. It's one of the reasons why, a couple of years ago, we committed and -- to increase our capital investment by $200 million a year, and we continue to do that. We think that's a good amount to accelerate capital by in terms of the ability to operate the store at the level that you saw and balance in terms of the use of the cash flow. As long as -- as we continue to get the performance from those stores as we expect, you'll see it to continue accelerating that capital investment. But that was the reason why, in October of '12, we outlined the need to increase capital by $200 million a year. I don't know, Mike, if you want to... 
W. McMullen: Yes, I wouldn't say that there's anything much different than what we answered. As we talked about then, one of the keys on any merger, how's the -- how are the people that run the business? And do we think, culturally, they have the same values we have? And that's one of the reasons why we always talk about mergers rather than acquisition. You get a more limited number of opportunities when you have that standard, but what we find is, when people have that standard, they like it going the other direction, as well. And we always like to point out the fact that 2 of our last 3 CEOs came out of one of our merged companies and several of our senior officers. 
W. McMullen: Yes, came out of one of the merged companies. So I think you're right when you say it's almost a checklist because it is, but it's something that's really worked well for us. 
W. McMullen: The other thing that would be needed for us to change our approach is if we find that we're able to develop talent faster than we can use it within our existing growth where -- because if we bought something that was something that needed to be fixed up, we would obviously need to figure out a way to put talent into it in a way that was effective. And that would require a different level of talent than we're producing today because we're really focused on developing the talent to support the growth we have. 
W. McMullen: And one of the things, as Mike mentioned earlier, we have a January meeting with our board for them to actually approve our '15 plan. Normally, we would not share '15 details until the fourth quarter earnings release, but we just thought it would be helpful to give a little bit of color on what we're thinking and what we're seeing before then for next year. 
W. McMullen: It's -- as you know, we don't ever talk about specific competitors. In terms of where the market share is coming from, it's always easier to ask the question than it is to see. It looks pretty broad-based in terms of where it's coming from, but we see, at some other national players, they are gaining share as well. So we're not the only one. But there's still about half of the market that's out there that's not people with our economies of scale, and it's not necessarily just small regional people. Some of them could be a little bit bigger. And then the other piece is we continue to add categories that we didn't even have before, which is helping some of our growth. 
W. McMullen: It's a good question. It's -- if you look at the comps, you always have pockets that are better than others, but it's very broad-based. And when you look at age and other things, obviously, newer stores will have a higher comp than older stores. But outside of that, there's nothing that would cause us to say one thing or the other. And probably -- I'm sure we have some stores that are getting close to capacity, but as a general rule, we have plenty of capacity within our existing stores to continue to increase the business. 
W. McMullen: Yes, the other thing is, when you look at the weather, I have a couple of friends that own quite a few fast food restaurants. And they will -- they always tell me that they hate snow because it actually has the opposite effect on them. So it's actually some of our increase is getting business that customers would sometimes be going to other channels. And obviously, when kids stay home, they're eating at home versus eating at school. So some of it is just switching where somebody eats. 
W. McMullen: The other piece in terms looking at it on a -- from a historical standpoint, part of it is trying to decide how long is the inflation going to be in place. In some items, we would anticipate inflation is only going to be 4 to 8 to 12 weeks, depending on if it's weather-driven or if it's industry and other driven. That will also affect our ability and influence on how we try to pass that through as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. So far, if you look, it would be kind of -- fortunately, it's a similar comment that we made earlier or, I guess, really at last quarter. So far, we would be at the top end of the range. It's broad-based in all departments, so it's across the whole store. So we feel really good. The thing that makes it a little more complicated is we haven't cycled -- we're just now starting to cycle some of the weather from a year ago. So that's one of the reasons why we would get the wide range in kind of Mike's comments earlier. 
W. McMullen: And then -- and jewelry, also, is good so far. And obviously, that's one of the most discretionary areas that we have. 
W. McMullen: When you look at SNAP and then you look at that customer overall, their spending may have been down on SNAP specifically, but customers are using and have been using more of their own cash. So when you look at that like customer base, it actually increased. Hopefully, that customer's increased spending in cash is driven because their economic situation's better. That, we don't know. But that's been up all year. And we continue to see the household spending for a SNAP household increase. It's not increasing at the same rate as the overall company, but it is going up. 
W. McMullen: But it's kind of interesting. Some of the -- a large part of our customers that switch over is because some items, they think, taste better. So it actually is driven by the taste. And in some situations, it's driven by the innovation of the product. So it's not just exclusively people wanting to live and just buy and eat natural products and organics. It's much broader than that. It's one of things that we get excited about having a store that has a lot of flexibility in it is that we can change what's inside the store based on what the customer's needs are and how those change. So we're excited about the category, and we're excited about the potential even more. 
W. McMullen: Thank you. Before we end today's call, I would like to say a few words about Dave Dillon, who is listening in this morning. All of you know Dave well, and this is his last official meeting as Kroger's Chairman.  Dave has been a friend and a leader to all of us and a mentor to many of us. Thousands of associates can relate to that comment. For me, personally, Dave has been a partner like no other. On behalf of the entire Kroger family, we wish Dave and his family all the best as they begin the next chapter together. Dave, thank you from all of us.  Finally, I'd like to share some thoughts about our associates listening in. During the next few weeks, there will be a lot of activity in our stores as we help customers prepare for their holiday celebrations. Thank you for helping make the holidays brighter for our customers and the communities we serve and live in.  During Kroger's season of giving, with your help and the help from our customers, we will donate 30 million meals to local food banks. Customers will have the opportunity to add their support by dropping change into coin boxes at check stands and donating nonperishable food in collection barrels in stores. Thank you for all that you do for our customers and each other. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays to you and your family.  That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Wow. There was like 3 or 4 questions in there. Which way do I go with the answer? Well, fundamentally, this has been a very strong year across the board for us with the ID sales that we've had so far this year and ID -- positive ID sales in every department and positive ID sales in every geography. Our core business is performing extremely well. It's not just incremental accretion from Harris Teeter, it's strong results from all of our core operations. The primary reason for the conversation about being at the low end of 8% to 11% for next year is solely where fuel is at $0.23 for the quarter. And really, the last 2 quarters have been well above historical averages with the amount of fuel gallons we sell and that kind of outperformance on historical fuel margins. We just wanted people to be aware as they start thinking about 2015 of that potential headwind. If you were to kind of take the business apart and look at our core operations for 2015, they would perform extremely well inside the 8% to 11% range, and it's really just a headwind from a potential lower fuel margin per gallon for next year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I would characterize Harris Teeter as performing how we expected them to perform. We've -- as has been widely publicized, they've not been shy about advertising it. We've made the price investments in their business that we expected to make during the year. The customers are responding to those price investments, and I would characterize Harris Teeter as right on track with what our expectations would be relative to our overall guidance for the year. 
J. Schlotman: We'll give full guidance in March. We just know that at this time of the year, with 3 quarters behind us, clearer fourth quarter guidance, since we only have one quarter left, people start to refine their 2015 estimates. And we just wanted to give some insight of our view of a percentage growth rate and where we would expect to fall in that range as you all start to prepare your estimates for 2015 or refine those estimates. But we'll wait until we give full guidance in March. We feel we've gone far enough with the EPS because our board has its annual business plan review meeting in January, and it's probably better served to let them approve our business plan for next year before I give you too many lines. 
J. Schlotman: I don't think it's a reflection of having -- wanting to invest more in price. It's really a reflection of having Harris Teeter in for a portion of the year and not all year compared to results last year that didn't have Harris Teeter in the numbers. And I would say that's the same thing for the -- just a couple of basis points decline in the gross margin number I talked about. If you were to strip Harris Teeter out of the prior year, you would have seen a much bigger amount that we have invested in, in price to continue to give value to our customers, but it's really that -- the fact that their historical numbers have been higher than ours, and it's the mention of those together that's driving some unusual comparisons. We've continued right on track with what our expectations were for investment in all 4 keys of our Customer 1st Strategy, not just price, but the people, the products and the shopping experience as well, and continue to be very pleased with the reaction our customers have with those investments. 
J. Schlotman: As we sit here today, we would actually expect -- I'm always hesitant to go here because I've proven my inability to predict this with the fluctuations we have on our LIFO charge, which is tied to inflation, but we would expect inflation next year to be a little bit more moderate than it is this year. Clearly, the protein categories don't really show any signs of letting up on inflation. Chicken may happen if corn prices stay down at some point, but beef and pork, we would expect to see probably close to double-digit inflation again next year. Milk, at this point, again, as you know, the milk prices are driven by federal market order. As we sit here today, it looks like they may come in some, which would help a lot of categories next year. But overall, just given where some of the core input categories are, it looks like we should be a little bit lower than the 3.5% that's out there. That said, embedded in that 3.5% is pharmaceuticals, which continue to have -- particularly in the generic category, which has not always been the case, which continue to have quite high inflation in them. 
J. Schlotman: No, I would agree with that, and it's -- we -- as you know, Scott, we continue to expect increased capital over the next several years by incremental amounts. I -- if there's one disappointment I have so far this year, it's that -- actually, that we're at the low end of our CapEx guidance. I know some people out there think we spend too much on CapEx, but that just means some stores aren't coming out of the ground as quickly as we had hoped. It doesn't mean that we're less bullish on the new stores we're opening. It's just a matter of timing of those projects, and they will get caught up. So we're very bullish on our ability to continue to open new stores and have them perform very well. 
J. Schlotman: We probably do, but probably not for public consumption at this point, Scott. The other thing to keep in mind is, as we go down this path, and you'll probably see it a little clearer as we get into next year, we continue to invest in our business. And a fundamental piece of being able to invest in our business is continuing to generate a really good return on our new investments. And some of those dollars, we make conscious decisions of how many fall to the bottom line and how many we invest back into the business and the people, product, shopping experience and price. And while I know a lot of you would think that we should be at the end of investing in price, we still see plenty of categories and particular sections of the store where we have an opportunity to be more price competitive than we are today. So we're, in some respects, counting on that continued good results from that deployment of capital to both increase to have the 8% to 11% earnings per share growth and have the dollars generated to invest back in our business. 
J. Schlotman: And Scott, something I would add to that. And I certainly understand your question and the seeming benefits we could bring to some M&A activity that may be not as strong as we may hope or not have everything on our checklist. When you sit back and you have opportunity x and you look around the organization as a company in our geographies where we are today, and you can clearly see where you can double market share in specific geographies by deploying new capital in those geographies. And you have a base of people and a recognition in that market and already strong customer acceptance. We typically default to that fill-in strategy that we talked about because it's a much surer thing, takes a lot less time and energy of the organization, has significantly less management distraction. And we're perfectly willing to sit and almost wait, not necessarily troll around the country for those opportunities to come long like the Harris Teeter did. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We -- Mark, we won't go into the benefit of the EPS benefit. But if you think about a $0.23 fuel margin and $0.17 last year, you get a feel -- we talked about, in a lot of places, the number of gallons that we pump. So you should be able to back into a number that gets you relatively close. We just don't want to -- we think about that department as any other department inside the company, and it happens to be performing very well right now. I would say, clearly, the second and third quarter of next year, if margins revert to a more historical kind of level, would start to experience some headwind from lower fuel margins. Again, we didn't say "when" in the comments purposefully. We said "if" because nobody can really predict where it is. And we typically turn fuel a lot faster than our competitors. So in down cycles, that's good. In up cycles, that's bad. So if fuel were to turn the other way and -- or oil was to turn the other way and start going up, that actually creates an incremental headwind, not just a normal headwind, because we're turning the fuel so quickly. But clearly, second and third quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Well, inflation for us -- inflation and deflation come and go all the time, and we're constantly dealing with pricing and how do we continue to give value to the customer through inflation and deflation, whether it's meat, produce or any other part of our business. So we try to manage it in a way that still gives great value to the customer, and the customer decides what they're going to pay. But I can tell you our tonnage is good, and inflation is extremely high right now. And we're just trying to really manage our way through it. 
J. Schlotman: Well, clearly, we can understand where that business is coming from, and in those -- in regions where the snow or the weather is going to be -- get volatile in a big way, you get a lot of people from all spectrums of the loyalty umbrella, if you will, from people who rarely shop with you, but they come to you because you might be the one that is on stock on product, to your most loyal customers who come in and stock up. Obviously, we aren't -- for the fourth quarter, Mike Donnelly and Robert Clark and their merchandising group isn't sitting back just hoping for weather for us to be able to cycle the great sales we had last year's fourth quarter. They know what days and what weeks there was weather, and they would have strategies in place to try to cover some of the uplift we had in the -- from that snow. But the amount of incremental volume you get in a 36-hour period from snow is phenomenal, and it would be a Herculean effort on their part to be able to come up with strategies to overcome all of it. Clearly, we're going to go do our best to overcome it the best we can. We'll have weather. We don't know when. We don't know where. We don't know what day. We don't know... 
J. Schlotman: We don't know if it'll be by the end of January. We don't know if it'll be in February, March at the beginning of the next year. But it happens every year. You just don't know when. 
J. Schlotman: As always, it's almost a category-by-category decision on where the inflation is and what the price points are doing to the customers. And if you pass it all on, what do you think the effect on units is going to be? And if you don't quite pass it all on, are you better off at the end of the day not passing all of it on? So it's a category-by-category decision. And I know Mike Donnelly and his team spent a lot of time trying to decide exactly what price points and how much of inflation to pass on and when to pass it on. I do want to reiterate that a couple of basis point decline in gross margin would have been a more normal decline in gross margin -- when I say normal, kind of the historical kind of numbers you would have seen in 2013 versus '14 if not having Harris Teeter in this year and not in the base. We continued to invest in the price -- actually, all 4 keys of the strategy this quarter. It's just that, with Harris Teeter being in there at a higher gross than we typically have run, it makes that decline look smaller. 
J. Schlotman: It would be primarily where fuel has been. Also, keep in mind our LIFO charge continues to go up throughout the year, and that's a bit of a headwind to earnings per share as well. And the single reason for the conversation about 2015 -- and again, I remind you we used the word if because it's difficult to project, it's really just the headwind that fuel potentially represents, 23 point -- a little over $0.23 margin on fuel. We've been in the fuel business a long time, and I personally don't remember a time where we've had anywhere near that kind of a number, and it's really difficult to predict where that may go. And again we're just -- we're trying to be transparent and let everybody know what we're thinking. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we're very guarded about our plans of where we would invest in price because we don't want to announce to our competitors where we plan to become more competitive. So we hold that very close to our vest. 
J. Schlotman: Well, there's about 4 questions in the question. But the last piece, the folks that we have converted, I think if we can continue to offer the products selection at the prices they're willing to pay, I think we can maintain them. I don't have data that really supports if they leave and go to competitors, but some of the things we're doing around the country with vitamin shops in our stores and really well-done, expanded natural food selection offering -- and we've worked really hard on price in the whole natural and organic area too. So we are the #2 retailer for natural and organic sales today. And we just kind of continue to push hard. We love that customer, and they're really a great customer for us. 
J. Schlotman: Just the last piece is, it's a large and growing segment of people who are trying to eat healthier, but they want to do so at a reasonable price. And I think, historically, it hasn't been that way. And today, you can shop for natural and organic and do it at a fairly reasonable price, and we're really trying to continue to make that offering, both selection and price. 
J. Schlotman: Definitely. There are people moving into the category, new customers entering natural, organic and healthy foods all the time. And again, a lot of it's because selection is better, I think, for us, and pricing is much stronger. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, as I said earlier, if you were to look at -- if you were to strip out the core grocery business, it would be higher in the range. But when you add the fuel in, that's -- if fuel margins revert to the mean, it would be the fuel that's driving it down. 
Michael Ellis: I haven't really seen margin pressure overall. We continue to invest in price where we feel appropriate, and the customer really drives our pricing strategy for the most part. But again, we had strong sales growth and double-digit growth in national organics. And to go back to our Simple Truth brand, which will hit $1 billion this year, we're really proud of where that's going and what it's contributing. 
Michael Ellis: Well, in natural foods, the expansion of item selection is continuing to grow. And you're finding more and more products in the dairy category. We just introduced a new line, the Simple Truth lunchmeats. So there's a lot of activity. And we're still finding so many of our customers that didn't shop natural foods are beginning to migrate over to that business, which has been really, really good for us. On the Vitacost piece, we're still in a honeymoon. It's only been a couple of month since we merged with Vitacost, and there's a lot of work going on, but we have big plans for Vitacost, and we're excited about the merger. I've been to the facilities, down to their offices, to their warehouses, and it's a great business that we have. And we're excited about where we're going to go into next year. 
Michael Ellis: One other comment. We have Marketplace stores now in just about every division of our company across the country, and the success we're having with the Marketplace store has been really pleasing. But you asked about remerchandising, and I know you saw apparel in some of our stores now. We're having some success in -- with some of these new brands, some of the new products we're putting in. So we continue to work on the model to make it relevant to the customer, but we're really pleased with what we have today. 
Michael Ellis: Well, overall we were really pleased with the total private label sales. And our Kroger brand, which is our workhorse, showed really strong sales growth again. And in fact, all of the different banners -- brands, excuse me, really performed well, whether it's Simple Truth and Private Selection, all of those. But Corporate Brands in the third quarter represented 27.3% of total units and 25.8% of sales dollars. That's without fuel and pharmacy. 
