W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. Being part of a growing retailer is exciting for our associates. 7,000 new jobs last year means not just new team members, but opportunities for our current associates to grow and advance as well.  Our business is strong. Our merger with Harris Teeter is going well, and our associates continue to execute our growth strategy. The remarkable consistency of Kroger's performance has shown time and again that serving our customers is serving our shareholders. I can think of no better example than our associates' dynamic response to the severe weather in many of our markets during the fourth quarter. Often, our logistics and distribution teams sped up deliveries to keep stores stocked several days before major storms. Most of our stores remained open even in the worst of the winter weather. In some cases, our associates even welcome stranded travelers in extreme freezing conditions to spend the night in one of our stores. Our customers trust that our -- their neighborhood Kroger will be open and stocked when it matters most, and we couldn't be more proud of the way our associates rose to the occasion. Now we look forward to your questions. Glenn, you can go ahead and get questions started. Thank you. 
W. McMullen: That's correct, John. And we -- also, if you look at some of the additions that we're doing with natural foods, organic, things like that, so some of the gain in share would be that as well. So it's not just only other traditional supermarkets. 
W. McMullen: I was -- we were looking at each other. When you look at '14, we really don't think at the end of the day it'll have a huge amount of effect in '14. Obviously, over time, it will have an increasing -- increasingly amount of effect. Whether that's a net positive or a negative, I think it's way too early, because obviously, on some pieces of it, it's a positive because it expands people's access to health care, which in our pharmacy business and our health care business is a positive. So I think it's way too early to tell you one thing or the other. We're working really hard to make sure that we try to minimize the effect on our associates as we transition to the new plans. 
W. McMullen: No. I mean, obviously, with the union plans, we will partner with the union and try to make sure that we minimize that effect, but it's much broader than just only our own health care plans. 
W. McMullen: That's one of the things. Meredith, the only thing I would add is just remember the model that we've outlined in terms of growing our business for our shareholders doesn't require any type of mergers to achieve. And if you think about the merger with Harris Teeter, the benefit that, that brought to our company, we actually increased the growth rate from the first year. In terms of specifics, I'm not going to get into any specifics. 
W. McMullen: Well, I wouldn't say it that way. What we're seeing is our SNAP customers continue to spend more money with us, and what they're doing is substituting SNAP dollars with their own cash or on debit or credit card. We believe -- if you look, overall, fuel prices are down to even, depending on what part of the period you're looking at. So we believe some of that has been funded by our SNAP customers spending less in other places and reallocating dollars. So I wouldn't make the direct connection the way you did. We're really focused on how do we make sure that we're giving the best value we can to that customer, along with all our other customers, and they're rewarding us by spending more money with us. 
W. McMullen: Robbie, overall, was -- it was helpful, but we did -- when you look at the 2004 expectations, we grew that off of the actual '13, excluding any unusual items. So we did not adjust out that -- any weather benefit. But overall, we do think it was a net positive. 
W. McMullen: And it would be something that we'll work with the unions on to make sure that we try to get those funds in a status that's sustainable over time. And it would be an ongoing negotiation and relationship in terms of the balance between what money we spend on pension, what money we spend on health care and what we're able to do on wages. So it's really all together. 
W. McMullen: Yes -- and overall, it turned out better than we were expecting when you think about 6 less days and the economy and especially some of the weather in parts of the countries. But overall, we felt pretty good about it, prepared goods. Go ahead, Mike. 
W. McMullen: It's a good question. I think it's pretty hard to say. We would not expect that as a general rule and we're really focused on figuring out ways to give the customer better and better deal. 
W. McMullen: Obviously, in terms of a lot of specifics, we won't be able to give you that. But we look at Cerberus and Albertsons as a very good competitor, and we're really focused on what does our customer want and then how do we get better about delivering against that. They're a good competitor, but there's a lot of good competitors out there. So probably a little more focused on the basics every day, but I wouldn't say it's appreciable different. 
W. McMullen: No, not to the extent that you would think. It was a completely different person before. They do a better job on the basics. They also will consolidate stores. They ended up selling off some stores, things like that, but it's -- every transaction is different. 
W. McMullen: And Ed, the thing we're really focused on, and Mike mentioned it in his prepared comments, is the incremental capital we're spending, what returns are we getting for that and what's our ability to execute at that higher level because obviously it creates jobs and we have to find associates to staff those stores and run those stores. And as long as we're feeling good about being able to help develop our associates to run the stores and their performance continues to be strong, we would continue to expect to continue to increase capital. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Glenn. Before we end the call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. First, I'd like to welcome our Harris Teeter associates to The Kroger family. We couldn't be happier. I'd also like to thank our associates for your hard work in connection with our customers. We finished 2013 strong because of your hard work to provide friendly service and fresh products to every customer every time, every day. You also helped keep costs under control so we can reinvest the savings in things that matter most to our customers. They are taking note of your efforts and giving us credit for making a difference. Special thanks to each and every one of you for all you do for our customers and each other. This week, we will host our third annual associate recognition event in Cincinnati. Our 33 associate honorees come from across the company, including our retail divisions, fee stores, manufacturing and logistics facilities, Fred Meyer Jewelry, the Little Clinic and general office. They will be recognized during this 2-day event for their friendly service, strong leadership, dedication to their community and courage in the fight against cancer.  Finally, I'd like to say thank you to our Chairman, Dave Dillon, for his leadership and the powerful foundation he and our team have put in place. I am humbled to be serving as your CEO and excited to work with our outstanding leadership team. We're not done serving our customers, growing our business and performing for shareholders. Indeed, we're just getting started. That completes our call for today. Thanks for joining us, and thank you for all you do to partner with Kroger. 
Michael Ellis: Well, we know that there's significant capital being allocated to the neighborhood markets, but as Rodney mentioned, one of our advantages really is our location. We're located within 2 miles of so many of our customers that and convenience and the variety that we offer, we feel comfortable where we're at today. 
Michael Ellis: Obviously, it's very early in the quarter. Right now, we would be a little bit better than the high side of the range, but it's still very early, and we believe the weather has been a positive so far. As we've mentioned, as Mike mentioned in the prepared remarks, when you look at the year as a whole, we expect inflation to be reasonably modest throughout the whole year. But so far, so good. 
Michael Ellis: Well, I'm not really so sure I can comment on synergies, but we do like what YOU Tech brings to us in terms of the technology and our ability to serve up coupons for our customers in a really meaningful way. And you couple that with dunnhumby, and we think that this really gives us a great platform to communicate better with our customer and provide them both technology and the coupons that they're looking for today. Because a customer can redeem coupons simply by taking their loyalty card into the store and scanning it, and they're receiving the things they want most and getting discounts on those items. 
Michael Ellis: Yes, well, it certainly helped us move faster. And the relationship with YOU Technology has moved us along a lot quicker than we probably would've done on our own. 
J. Schlotman: It just doesn't do us any good to comment on potential activity that's out there, so we'll just take the stance of no comment on M&A activity. 
J. Schlotman: The fourth quarter was a little different than everybody had seen and has expected from us. Clearly, pharmacy that we talked about in the prepared comments had a very strong year and was a good contributor to gross margin. It had a nice gross margin increase. Our mix in the fourth quarter was very strong. When you look at just gross margin, obviously, a lot of those fresh categories have a little bit higher overall margin than some of the center-of-the-store categories, so that mix can help. And certainly, the snow helped, as we made the comments on people coming in to stock up before weather events. Typically, when people go on a normal shopping trip, they shop off of their lists. When they come in to stock up before an event like that, they come in to stock up before an event like that, and they aren't really beholden to a list at that point in time. So I would say those 3 were the main drivers of what we saw in the fourth quarter, not necessarily something that's going to continue out into the future. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, a couple things on repurchase activity. We've been a regular buyer of our shares since January of 2000. There have been a few times when we've been out in the market, and most notably, around the White House work stoppage and then when we were blacked out as a result of the Harris Teeter negotiations. But other than that, we've generally been in the market almost all of the time and I would expect going into the future, we would continue to be in the market. Obviously, I don't have a lot of money left to do that with and our guidance, as we just talked about back in October of '12, in the early years of that growth model, it is an important contributor to our earnings per share growth, until those stores, as we talked about coming out of the ground beginning in 2013 start to mature, we will rely on some share buyback activity. To get any more specific than that -- I'm not going to go any more specific. 
J. Schlotman: Well, even when you look at -- let's just talk about the Harris Teeter transaction. The thing that was attractive about Harris Teeter as a transaction is that it's a well-run company that overall we admired a whole lot. That's not to say -- you only picked off price as an attribute that might need some TLC. What we have not liked over time is poorly run companies, not just one attribute of the company that might have an issue. 
J. Schlotman: We're getting close to just -- to asking the question. Poorly run just -- results aren't strong, cash flow is not strong, pick the attributes. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the core of our business is still a big part of our business. And when we look at space allocation, especially in some of our new stores, you'll find that we are allocating more and more space to perishable, refrigerated and the categories that the customer really cares about. The customer is telling us that's what they're interested in, but we can't ignore the center store and health and beauty care products and grocery that are still a big, big part of our business. But we constantly look at space allocation and make adjustments based on what the customer is telling us they want. 
J. Schlotman: No, I think we're constantly looking at this, the allocation and making changes. If you get into our new stores, I believe you'll see some changes in mix. 
J. Schlotman: It's really difficult to say. When you look at weeks like that, clearly, it's a net positive when it winds up happening. But you have days that are up double the prior year and then you have a couple days after that, that are down significantly from the prior year. So it gets very, very choppy. Clearly, with the help, and as I said in the prepared comments or I said earlier in the -- to the gross profit question, the mix during those shops helps the gross profit rate because people come in, really, not with the list like they'd normally do, but they come in to have things deep for the next couple of days. 
J. Schlotman: Robbie, it's -- the merger ultimately closed January 28. So it's only been a handful of weeks since we've actually been able to roll up our sleeves and have the kind of conversations you want to have when you start integrating a company. That said, we've made a lot of progress in those 6 or so weeks since the merger's been closed. Clearly, one of the things we like is that about -- a little over 160 of their stores, they have what -- it's called Express Lane, we call it click and collect. That's something that intrigues us as -- it's an internet but pick-it-up yourself kind of a process at the store that appears to appeal very strongly to their customer. That's something we'll try to learn from. But it's been a very positive and we're very happy with the start we've had to the integration progress with Harris Teeter. And any surprise that we've seen has been a positive, not a negative surprise, which is always nice. 
J. Schlotman: No, I'd say it's consistent with how we've always done it. And also, as I said in my prepared comments, our investment-grade rating is important to us and we continue to expect to allocate free cash flow to maintain our rating. 
J. Schlotman: Yes -- I'm not going to comment on that. And obviously, the only reason -- the reason we're above the 2.2x on Harris Teeter is the shareholders won't wait a year to get their check for the purchase of their shares. They want that upfront. We don't get a year's worth of EBITDA until the end of the year. So it's really just the fact we have all the debt and none of the EBITDA now, and we feel very good about our ability to get back under 2.2x in the time frame we outlined to the rating agencies. 
J. Schlotman: Obviously, from the write-off of the assets for Harris Teeter, the amortization of that will pick up. I don't have that in front of me, and I prefer not to go giving guidance on every line of the income statement. I might as well just hand you my business plan and let the whole world have it, which I think we give as much or more guidance than anyone. So you should be able to back into it just based on the public guidance we've given of what our earnings per share is and the number of lines we've given you. 
J. Schlotman: It's just our expectation. There are some funds in rehab status that -- one of the ways you get out of rehab status is you put a little bit more money in, benefits come down a little bit and over time, it's an attempt to try to get them in a better funded position. It's -- while the percentage is fairly strong, it's not that much incremental cash that we're expecting next year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I believe the rating agencies do that, which is why they did not downgrade us when we announced the merger. Obviously, the conversations were -- with them were our commitment to get it back down there based on a pro forma calculation you do for them, and that's what they got comfortable with. So from the rating agency standpoint, they would look at it that way. But from the number I have to report, my number is my number. 
J. Schlotman: Prepared foods continue to be a growing section of our business for us, so we're committing more and more space and better products all the time to those types of departments and items. So I wouldn't say there's anything really unusual when it comes to prepared food. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, there's multiple levels to it, Stephen. When you talk about customized coupons, today, all of the digital coupons that are out there, there's a sort feature on The Kroger app that allows you to sort those coupons based on the relevance to you of how you shop and what you buy. So rather than having to search through all the coupons that might be attractive, the app basically does that for you based on how you actually buy product. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we continue to do a really good job on our working capital usage. If you look at the consolidated balance sheet, the way we look at it, and it's the balance sheet with Harris Teeter combined into it. We had just about $75 million or $80 million reduction in working capital overall for the year and we still have plans in place of things that we think could continue to improve that. We wouldn't budget in dramatic improvements and have that in expectation of as a source of cash, but we would expect to have some benefit from it. 
J. Schlotman: Harris Teeter is not a party or not a member of any of the multiemployer funds. They're 100% employee choice. So I guess, that would be total company, the contributions, but none of it has reflected the result of the merger with Harris Teeter. 
J. Schlotman: Sure. If you go back to our December call, we were projecting a point estimate of $2.4 billion for this year. We came in at $2.3 billion. Some of that is just a little delay on some projects that caused it to be a little behind where we expect it. We would expect that catch-up to happen in 2014. So if you think about 2014 going off of a $2.4 billion base, the $200 million increase that we would've expected on an annual basis would get you to $2.6 billion. And then adding in the activity for Harris Teeter, which will probably be a little higher than the number you used, may continue to have some attractive opportunities and their own forecast would have had their CapEx continuing to grow because they were growing their company. That's really how we got the build up to $2.8 billion to $3 billion. 
J. Schlotman: It's a little early to give 2015 guidance, but for planning purposes at this point, I would be thinking about another $200 million internally. 
J. Schlotman: And as we said, we're coming close to picking a market to go into organically, which will take some capital as well. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we look at a wide range of topics, including the competitive landscape. We look at where the market may be situated compared to our existing infrastructure. It would be very nice if it winds up being a market that our current logistics and manufacturing systems can supply product to them, again, the dynamics of the market, not just the competitive landscape, but the growth that you see in a potential market. And then some customer research of what it is the customer wants from a grocery retailer and how we have been able to perform against that over time in the markets where we already operate. So it's a very long list of things. Those would be amongst the bigger. 
