W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. I'm often reminded of the saying, may you live in interesting times. These are interesting times in our industry. And I know some of you wonder how Kroger can continue to thrive in such a dynamic operating environment. We have a history of evolving to meet our customers' ever-changing needs. The key is to proactively see where the customer is going and to proactively address the changes. That is what we are doing today. Through innovation, Kroger is redefining the food and grocery customer experience based on our core strengths. Kroger has more data than any of our competitors, which leads to deep customer knowledge and unparalleled personalization. We have incredibly convenient locations and platforms for pickup and delivery within 1 to 2 miles of our customers. We have a leadership team that competes -- combines deep experience with creative new talent. We have the scale to win with more than 60 million households shopping with us annually. In fact, we've been named America's most beloved grocery store several times. We have a proven track record of consistently returning capital to shareholders through an increasing dividend and share buyback program. And we have a track record of connecting with our associates, customers and communities to uplift and improve lives as evidenced by our team's response to Hurricane Harvey. Now, we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Currently, quarter-to-date, and this is without the hurricane effects, we would be above where we finished the second quarter and it would be closer to the high side of the guidance range. The reason we exclude the hurricane is because one day it's a positive, one day it's not because of, obviously, one day you'll have business that's up 100% or 200% and the next day it's basically 0. So we just -- until we get completely through the 2 hurricanes and when we release third quarter, we'll obviously give a lot more insight. But so far, we would be trending ahead of second quarter and closer to the top end of the range. 
W. McMullen: And on changing the range, as Mike mentioned, if we'd left the range the same as it was before, it could have meant that we would have had positive -- negative identicals, excuse me, for the second half of the year. And obviously, we wanted to make sure that everybody understood that we do expect identicals to be positive. And the trends that we're seeing so far, the identicals continue to improve. 
W. McMullen: They -- in terms of how much it encompasses, it would be everything that you mentioned plus some. And as Mike mentioned in his comments on the space optimization, 84.51° is helping us look across the whole store and how do we use space. So obviously, in some cases, it's going to continue -- continuation of adding more fresh space. It's also -- in terms of the products that we offer to the customer, every single item has to earn its right to be on the shelf and categories have to earn the right to have a certain amount of allocation. So it's all of those things. The expense would really be driven by 2 things. One, when you make some changes, there's some equipment that you would write off. As you make the changes, there's certainly the labor in the cost in doing the changes, plus some of the equipment gets written off almost immediately. So it's both of those factors that is behind what Mike was mentioning. 
W. McMullen: The -- I would say the broad comment would be, from an M&A standpoint, we would be equally as excited today as 2 years ago when we find the right person to partner with. And as you know, when we look for someone to partner, we're looking at somebody that brings things to us as much as we bring to them. We would continue to be aggressively looking at anything digital that adds capabilities. You may recall in the past 1.5 years or so, we merged with a company called Market6 and another company called YOU Tech and we were able to use in both of those situations the 84.51° and accelerate the work that they did and accelerate some of the work that we're doing plus brought a great amount of talent to our company. So we would increasingly look -- are there certain capabilities that somebody would bring to us and how do you partner with them in a way that would bring that capability. But for the right merger opportunity, whether it's digital or physical, we would be as excited today as 2 years ago, but it would obviously have to be somebody that fit in well with where we operate and has a business that's strong. I don't know, Mike... 
W. McMullen: Well, as you mentioned, Ken, it's only been 1.5 weeks. So it's very early in the process. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're really proud of the work that we started over a decade ago on making sure natural and organic product is affordable to all customers. And we've never felt like just because something is natural and organic, you should charge a premium for it. In terms of the impact, obviously it's way early, but there isn't anything that would cause you to develop any point of view at all in terms of changing trends. But it's only been 1.5 weeks so I would caveat it a million different ways. 
W. McMullen: Well, it's a great question and it's hard to answer because the thing that we're trying to do for our customers is to do it in a way that's totally seamless. So the customer continues to come into the store and shop. So we actually get more of their total basket. So it's helping comps, but it's helping comps from that total customer household and how much they're spending with us. From a -- so it's helping identicals, but it's really hard to say ClickList is x percent of it or y percent of it. I don't know, Mike, anything you want to... 
W. McMullen: Yes. I'll give a little bit broader answer than just your question. First of all, we would talk about it in terms of our brands versus private label because from -- and it's something that took us longer than it should have, but those brands, they are Our Brands and the customers tell us they love it. And one of the things that we probably should have done years ago, but we hadn't, but we actually was much more aggressive on hiring a third party company to do a broad taste -- taste and quality preferences for our brands across multiple national brands and other private -- other companies' private label programs. And we always thought we were good, but we came out even significantly better than what we would have even thought. So it really highlighted the progress that our team has been making on improving the innovation in our brands, the variety of offerings. If you look at Simple Truth, obviously, 5 years ago, it didn't exist. Today, it continues to grow double digits. So when you look at overall, our customers tell us they love our brands and we continue to even get more aggressive in terms of creating additional innovation brands, offerings within it, new flavors. In terms of the potential, at this point, the only thing that I would say is it would be massive. And one of the things that we did several years ago, we went to the outside and hired a new leader for that team and about half of our team is from the outside. And when you go and look at Europe, obviously, on our brand products in Europe, the market shares there are significantly higher than the U.S. And we would be much more focused on how do we make sure the innovation, the quality and the offerings that we have, we earn the right for the customers to take it to that kind of level. In terms of our plant capacity, if you asked our manufacturing team, they would probably tell you they're at almost capacity. I've always found and we've always found that we always figure out ways to produce incremental product and do it very efficiently. So in terms of capacity, it is one of the great things about knowing how to operate plants. We could easily expand capacity either through process change or additional -- expanding plants, things like that, whatever's needed. 
W. McMullen: Not at this point. I don't know, Mike, if you -- not at this point. As you know, we're continuing to provide a little bit more insight than before, but... 
W. McMullen: Yes. And it's incredibly easy to develop a shopping list with us, the work that our teams have done working with 84.51°. We do a lot of work on predicting what your shopping list will be to make it really easy to do. Like, one insight that I can give you, and I'll -- we'll have to go back and look to see what the overlap on Walmart is, our success on ClickList is very consistent across the country. You don't see one place where it's a 1% and somewhere else it's 100%. The variance of success is pretty consistent. On Lidl, obviously they continue to open stores. So far, what they've done has been pretty consistent with what we expected. And obviously, you've heard us talk about, from a pricing standpoint, we won't lose on price. We're not trying to lead the market down on price, but we're not going to lose on price. The success so far in terms of being able to maintain our business and grow our business, we feel very good about our -- the ability to compete against ALDI, Lidl and anybody else. So I wouldn't say there's been any surprises so far. Obviously, they're a great competitor, but there's a lot of great competitors out there. 
W. McMullen: Well, as everybody on the call knows, we make our investment decisions in terms of what do we think is best for our business 3 to 5 years out and -- which, in turn, means what's best for our shareholders 3 to 5 years out. There is no doubt that ClickList is a headwind on earnings currently. And we've even continued to accelerate the speed in which we put ClickList in. So it's an incremental headwind. We feel very comfortable when you look at it over a 3- to 5-year period of time. Our customers will appreciate that we offer ClickList. Our associates obviously, in terms of being able to provide the service, will be glad and our shareholders will be glad. So we can clearly see where we're -- there's a path where we're indifferent on whether somebody comes into the store or shops with us on ClickList. It's -- you do have initial pain. And that would be a peek of caused us to affect the long-term guidance perspective. 
W. McMullen: The other thing that's -- we have such great relationships with local agencies. Almost always, we would be considered part of the first responder group because people understand that it's important for the grocery stores to get stocked. So our associates would be given clearance as a first responder in most cases. 
W. McMullen: Well, on CPGs, as you know, we always work with CPG partners trying to understand how we grow our business on a combined basis. So both of us are very focused on growing the business. I think CPGs continue to aggressively incrementally try to work on -- work with us on helping grow their business. It's one of the things that's nice about having the great insight we have with 84.51°. We partner with most CPGs in a different and more deep way that also involves product innovation. So there is no doubt there's a tremendous amount of change going on. The CPGs feel that change. And we're working with the CPGs for both of us to grow our business. But obviously, we're also working on focusing on growing our business as well. 
W. McMullen: Outside of that, I really wouldn't say that it's -- there's been a massive trend change. What did they used to always say in economics, all short statements are wrong. So you give the scenario and I can find it somewhere. The biggest change would be -- continue to be milk and eggs across the country. Everywhere else would be puts and takes. 
W. McMullen: The biggest thing that the 84.51° insight shows us is the customer decides where to shop based on the total experience. And obviously, that total experience is what's the shopping environment like. So what's -- how the associates treat the customer, what kind of rewards do you have, what type of personalized offers are you making, which it's very hard for anybody to see that other than each one of us as a customer individually, and then obviously, from a fresh product standpoint, having great produce, meat, deli, dinner tonight, those kind of things. So the thing that's really important is the -- all of that together. The price -- the specific price items -- really each one of us would have different items that are our biggest hot button. So it would be factoring in all of those things in terms of how we decide where to price and how to price. And the insights -- the biggest part of the insights is it really is important to customers for the over total experience, not just one dimensional of the experience. 
W. McMullen: Well, I would just, I guess, I would broaden it we feel good about the pricing investments that we make. And based on what the customer's telling us, it continues to connect as we expected and we feel good about it when you look at everything in total. 
W. McMullen: Also, in some of the cost -- operating cost categories, the second quarter trends improved versus the first quarter as well. 
W. McMullen: We feel very strongly that we would expect additional consolidation going forward. And the consolidation will happen the way you described plus other ways in terms of companies merging and other things. So we don't think there is any doubt that you'll continue to see a lot of consolidation. You've always heard us talk about on -- anything that happens, you should assume that we've looked at it. And if you look at what we did with Marsh, obviously those worked out really well for us because it's specific trade areas that we haven't been able to get into. And by buying some stores from somebody in that situation, you're able to get into trade areas and leverage all your existing infrastructure. Those we always like, but they're lumpy. So you won't have any for a couple of years, and then you'll have a whole bunch of them happen, but those are ones that we will always be interested in and always take a look at. But you should assume that our overall view on merging with somebody is the same and we continue to look at stuff. 
W. McMullen: If you look at natural and organics overall, it's over a $16 billion business for us on an annual basis. So obviously it's an important part of our business. It continues to grow strongly and we would continue to see a great opportunity in that space. We find more and more customers, for some items, they will purchase a natural or organic item. In other places, they will buy traditional items. And for us, what we try to do is we don't judge a customer on how they eat and we try to make sure we have what the customer wants at a great value. In terms of the share of market, if you -- it depends on how you define share of market. If you look at Simple Truth last year, it was, what, a $1.7 billion category for us. And they -- if you look at the $16 billion in total, that would obviously include some non-branded items and other items, so that would give you some insight in terms of share of market. If you look at grocery overall, grocery, typically on units, is close to 30%. So obviously there's still a lot of room to grow. 
W. McMullen: Yes. When you look at total, we get more of the customers' business and that's what we find -- the reason why we are so supportive and keep working on it. In terms of the share of business, at this point, we wouldn't give the specifics on stores and what percentage of their business is in ClickList. It's a reasonably wide range. And the range isn't driven by anything that is -- it's more specific stores. So I know one store that has a pretty high percentage. It's right off the interstate so that store has gained a lot of new customers because it's easy on and easy off the interstate and their trade area for ClickList is completely different than their trade area for the store. For us, what we've tried to design is a business model that we know -- a certain percentage of business, it's more efficient to do it in store because of not having incremental asset investment. At the point in time that it grows, it's easily convert it to dark stores or a freestanding warehouse facility where you put in more automation. So what we've tried to do is design where we can support and partner and make money, and the customers will take it to whatever percentage of our business they take it, and we'll be there for them as they go. So we've really worked hard on having a model that's easily scalable and scalable in terms of what percent of penetration it becomes. Thanks to everyone on the call. Obviously, hopefully, you hear some of the comments that Mike and I are making. Kroger is playing to win. And the things that we do are what we believe will be best when you look out 3 to 5 years for our customers and associates. And what we've always found when we do both of those, that our shareholders are well-rewarded as well. And the business continues to generate great free cash flow and we have great opportunities in front of us. So -- and then, one other comment. As you know, I always like to share some additional thoughts with our associates that are listening in. First of all, I'd like to send our well wishes to the people of Houston and especially members of our Kroger family whose lives have been turned upside down by the recent hurricane and its aftermath. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who are now bracing for Hurricane Irma as well. Since the rains stopped in Houston, you have shown nothing can stop the strength, resilience and power of our amazing associates. Many of you stayed in or couldn't easily leave stores, distribution centers, plants and offices and stayed overnight and worked tirelessly to not only serve our customers, but to provide food and supplies to first responders and local shelters. As a company, we've sent nearly 2,800 semis packed with food, water and other critical supplies to the region. More than 350 individual associates from all corners of the country traveled to Houston to lend their hands to help uplift the community. Having a physical presence and truly being part of a community is always important. This is perhaps never more apparent than when you have natural disasters strike. You and our stores are a vital part of the communities we serve. What I'm most proud of is how you've taken care of each other, whether that's giving a hug to someone who needs it or traveling across the country to work side by side in reopening our stores and warehouse. We take care of each other. It's who we are. Each day, we open our doors and welcome our neighbors with true hospitality and generosity. And together, we make the world a better place. Thank you for all you do, in big ways and small ways, to Feed the Human Spirit. We are truly Kroger strong. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: The benefit comes from multiple places throughout the income statement, Karen. There are efforts underway that will make the operating margin decline that you saw in the second quarter not as much in the third quarter. We feel very good about the health of the business today, the trend of ID sales, our efforts on cost of goods reductions and our efforts on productivity and operating cost reductions. And when we combine all of those, we feel comfortable with the $2 to $2.05. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I'm not going to go into every specific line of the income statement, but we are seeing good flow of cost of goods coming in and good cost savings opportunities in the back half of the year. 
J. Schlotman: And Houston is doing just fine. They have all but 2 stores back in operational and our warehouse is fully operational. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Frankly, we talked about it a lot, and what our intention to do is really to take flat for the year off the table because we don't see that in the cards. We still clearly see 1% for the year in the cards and our intent was really to get the notion of flat off of the table. It may be confusing to people so far today, but that's what our intention was. We may not have done it as perfectly as we could have, but we still think the high end of the original annual guidance range is in the cards. But we don't believe flat is in the cards, which is why we wanted to take that off the table. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We actually purposefully pulled the quarterly guidance cadence out of the earnings release in light of focusing more on an annual earnings per share target. I don't see any big alterations to that guidance that we had last quarter. Halfway through the year, you kind of have to wind up with those kinds of numbers to be in the $2 to $2.05 range anyway. 
J. Schlotman: And if you move things around too much inside of a store, there's obviously disruption for a short period of time to the customers being able to easily navigate as we move a lot of shelving and things around. 
J. Schlotman: I don't think -- I actually don't look at 2-year stacks very much because I sold whatever I sold last year and I'm selling that plus more this year. And we feel very good about the underlying health of our business. As we said in the prepared remarks and in response to questions so far, ID sales so far in the quarter are pushing the high end of the guidance range. We grew loyal households. We grew total households. We had strong market share growth and strong tonnage growth. And I would also remind you that as our brands continue to gain strength and gain a bigger share of both units and sales, that comes at the expense of a lower retail ring, which winds up being a bit of a headwind to reported ID sales. And we are -- we have been very aggressive with how we position those products inside of our stores. 
J. Schlotman: No. It's clear that the customers love the service and it gives them an incremental connection with Kroger. And as Rodney said, it gives us a bigger share of their wallet the longer they're engaged in ClickList. 
J. Schlotman: I don't know how many we overlap with. I do know that the thing that customers really appreciate about our offering is the fact that most of our customers live within a mile or 2 of the store. They shop and they can go pick the ClickList up offering in. So it's extremely convenient for them to engage in that kind of an activity and often use the [ in easy out ] and not all of our competitors have that advantage. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I would say it's fairly common or a fairly traditional kind of a transition. It's just that any time you go from higher prices to lower prices, the thing that gets disrupted is how quickly will people lower prices. And then, the flip is the case as inflation creeps back in, how quickly will people adjust their prices the other direction to continue to protect their gross margin dollars that they would have in those products. And that's what causes the disruption in the short run as you're cycling through the 2 of those. I would say broad-based there isn't anything that's really out of the realm of what you normally see. The one exception to that would be what we talked about earlier in the year relative to some low milk prices earlier in the year and eggs continue to be pretty inexpensive as well, but those would probably be the only 2 categories that I would hold out as maybe exceptions to the norm right now. 
J. Schlotman: It really varies based on the storm. I would say, at the end of the day, there is probably -- it depends -- one, it depends how the insurance claim winds up getting reconciled. But from your business inside the store, there is usually a slight benefit. One of the things we've always done a great job at is being one of the first people fully back in business and being able to service our customers and the communities where we have our stores. And it's very important for those folks when if they've been evacuated and the local authorities lift the evacuation order, we have to be back in business for them or they're going to have a really big problem when they let folks come back into their homes. Many of those folks have lost product in their homes and they have to stock back up once they can get back in their homes. So there are just so many factors in it, but first and foremost, we try to be in it for our associates, our customers and our communities because they do need food to eat and we've always been there to provide it for them. 
J. Schlotman: Clearance to get to the store, often part of the first grids to come back on in power. There's a whole litany of things that -- before you come back from an evacuation, you have to get basic services up, you have to have food. And we typically always fall inside that and are there ready to help. 
J. Schlotman: So for fuel, it continues to be a strong year in fuel. And I don't want to play the hurricane card again, but obviously, refineries have been shut down. The Colonial Pipeline was shut down for a while. Supply has been tight in some places. So there will probably be some disruptions overall in the third quarter. We haul fuel from a lot of distant places to get -- to keep a lot of our stores in fuel. So I still think fuel had a relatively good back half of the year. Relative to inflation, I ticked off the categories that saw some inflation and deflation. We did have inflation for the first time ever. In the grocery category, it was -- probably it was 48 or 49 basis points of inflation, which is the biggest driver of where the overall business winds up going. And that's the first time in -- well, my sheet goes all the way back to third quarter of '14 in the grocery category, on a quarterly basis, that's the first time since the fourth quarter of '14 that we had any inflation in the grocery category. 
J. Schlotman: I don't know that we gave -- I'm unfamiliar with us having given guidance on operating margin for the back half of the year. 
J. Schlotman: It's in the 8-K? Okay. I got you. I was going to say we didn't talk about it in the -- on the call. It's the continuation of what we've seen. We do think from a dollar standpoint that we're going to continue -- that we'll start to see some strengthening of gross profit dollars and operating profit margin dollars as we go throughout the year. As ID sales continue to get stronger, that will help grow the dollars, which is obviously the most important thing to grow earnings per share by. And at the end of the day, we focus on the dollars, not the rate. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the all-in number was ID sales, without inflation, without the pharmacy business, was about 60 basis points of inflation, so not a whole lot different than the grocery category. 
J. Schlotman: I would say there would be 2 things that helped that. And one is the continued strength and growth of our brands, which, while it dampens the top line a little bit, comes at a better gross margin rate. And the second is we continue to do a great job on cost of goods and the input cost of that. And one of the things the CPGs partners like about the cost of goods investments is we do pass those on to the customers, but it does help strengthen the gross profit rate in dollars over time when you have the better cost of goods that are out there. 
