David Dillon: Mike, thank you. Throughout the difficult operating environment, the Kroger team has stayed squarely focused on delivering on our Customer 1st strategy. Kroger has had the courage in this challenging economy to invest in our stores to keep them fresh, to invest in many cost-saving projects, and to invest in improving our customer shopping experience. Our customers have noticed and are rewarding us with their loyalty. We believe these investments will continue to differentiate Kroger today and will position us well for profitable growth for years to come. As we move forward throughout the year, we are focused on balancing investments in our business and returns for shareholders as we work to create long-term value. We now look forward to your questions.
David Dillon: On the whole, the answer to that question in my view is yes. There is always – when it comes to this question, there is always qualifiers, because it depends on the competitive environment, it depends on the particular items. And when you look, for instance, at produce, when you have high inflation in produce, you clearly have a mix change by customers within produce. Same thing in meat. When you have some inflation or deflation, it tends to drive a different consumer behavior within that department. That's not quite as true in grocery except perhaps in milk. In milk, you do see – tend to see a little gallon each change, not maybe as much as inflation or deflation, but you see some gallon each change as that changes. But in the whole of grocery – in the bulk of grocery, excluding dairy, general speaking, as costs go up, the retail goes up and follow suit. And so I’d say it is the normal – we would see the current environment as more normal in that sense and we do expect that cost increases will be passed through. In some cases, that may hurt volume of a national brand vendor who raises prices, but they take that into account when they make the decisions whether they are going to raise the cost. But that’s certainly our objective.Andrew Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
David Dillon: We don’t see our capital budget as being a barrier to those kind of acquisitions. Those rise and fall purely on their individual merit.
David Dillon: Okay. You are a little hard to hear, Deborah. So there is more to your question in a minute. Talk a little louder –
David Dillon: We’ve – you've assessed it pretty well, as we see gas. Our customers really like fuel in our stores. So when we add fuel, that becomes an additional convenience. And there is just no reason for people to stop with us. As a result, we continue to add them. Our identical gallonage [ph] growth, which would be just the place as they had fuel in both years, continues to grow in addition to growing as a result of new additional gas stations. We do continue to see opportunities to add. We are going to add 100 or so this year. I don’t know that we’ve given a specific (inaudible) certainly in that ballpark. And that’s consistent with what we’ve done in the last couple of years. We are bullish on it. I think it’s a good deal for our customers. They seem to like that added convenience. So it’s a benefit.
David Dillon: I want to make sure you understand that the purchases since the end of the quarter, they weren’t opportunistic as you describe them. We would have been in a blackout period and precluded from operating opportunistically in that timeframe. As we go throughout the period of time where we’re already going to a blackout period, we’ve put a 10b5-1 plan in place that would obviously – well, maybe not obviously, but intellectually would be designed to book, buy more when the stock is low and less than the stock is high. And we also put a dollar limit on that plan so the things don’t get too out of hand from spending cash at deployment time where we really can’t moderate our plan. So while it appears it was opportunistic, it was an independent decisions made every day, which is merely the design of the grid caused us to be in the market. The prices – the stock was on a more regular basis. You had mentioned something about the upper end of the range. Keep in mind, we are talking about the tough half of the range, not necessarily the upper end of the range. I think we view our stock. As we sit here today as attractive. And we’d expect that when our blackout period is lifted, we would then implement a new 10b5-1 plan to continue to be in the market on a regular basis.
David Dillon: Sure. First of all, I do think Wal-Mart has made some changes, of course, now from November 1st. But it’s a similar kind of a – course of activity. So I wouldn’t suggest otherwise. And they have certainly been very visible in public about that in papers, and all of you have written quite a little bit about it. But the most important part to think about here, I think, is what that mean to Kroger for us. And we do think that one of the reasons we don’t get as affected by some of our competitors, including Wal-Mart, but others too, is because we are focused on building loyalty for over a period of time. So there are lots of things that cause a customer to shop with us. Last week, I did a couple of shop-alongs. And that’s a case where you go with an individual customer, you meet him and talk through a little, how they shop and then you go see how they shop in the store. And we do a variety of those. Rodney has done some recently, and as we do those, we get a sense of the complexity of how customers behave. It’s not generally because of one item or one price. It’s generally because of the overall combination of things put together in a store. In our case, we think looking at what we call our four keys is essential. It cannot be just about price. If it’s just about price, that really is Wal-Mart’s game and not our game. And so we don’t focus just on that. And that’s one of the reasons even our capital is exiting some other areas too this year, not just about price. So overall, I’d say we are playing our game, we are on our court, we think it’s working well for us. We’d see – we've even identified that even in the fourth quarter, we see our market share has improved. We also identified in the first three weeks of this quarter that our sales continues similar to what they were in the first quarter, all of which should describe to you that since the time period you are saying that we don’t – we are not seeing a particularly large impact or some big sea change of events.
David Dillon: Well, I think we saw not for their reason, but I think we saw as we have described before that many of the national brand vendors wanted to get their tonnage moving again, have been out in the market generally with more promotional dollars. And even when they may raise their list prices, they often don’t have money out there to promote the products. And we’ve already indicated we had a very solid quarter on national grand tonnage. Very pleased in those results. And the vendors who have worked with us on partnerships. Common deal was joint projects to produce better sales have shown really good results. So anybody who has partnered with this, I think we’d go away saying, “Hey, that’s worked really well, and I want to be more.” But I wouldn’t say it’s just about us or just about Wal-Mart is really what are they doing to try to drive their sales, and it’s not – I don’t think it’s focused right here at describing.
David Dillon: Well, actually what we were describing is that we look at customer segments. And that there is gurgling going on in some of the segments that would tend to confuse a person because the customers in those segments are a little confused themselves. So we’ve pointed out some things on the positive side. So for example, we talked about some of the higher end lines being better. (inaudible) meat has improved for us. We did not identify, but it’s true. SarbOx has improved for us. We identified I think organics, natural foods have improved; floral has improved; general merchandise sales I talked about a little bit before. All of those are signs that people are spending some discretionary money. And – but it is by segment where that happens. We are also seeing though, on the other side, a lot of week-to-week swings, much of which was driven by food stamps and other situations where people have money one week and not have money the next. And within the segments, we are seeing them – the people we interview on those segments describing the world a little different. So the consumer confidence in some of the upscale customers is stronger than the consumer confidence in some of the people who are more price sensitive. And that affects their behavior. And so I think it’s – you almost have to look segment-by-segment and see what’s happening. And we certainly do that, and we even design our marketing plans around the different segments.
David Dillon: Scott, thanks for your questions. We want to move on, so we can get to more folks and have their questions asked.
David Dillon: Well, we said all along that we expect the deflation we experienced last year to gradually turn into a modest inflation. And so that was baked into what we have said on the subject, yes.
David Dillon: Well, let me describe – if I go back to the third quarter, what we said on that call was that we had began a process to try to balance this out a little bit better. But that we believed changes that we needed to make needed to be gradual and gentle so that they did not disrupt what the customers saw of our programs. In the fourth quarter, you may not have felt you saw it, but it was actually a present event in the fourth quarter where we had begun to make some changes and it influenced the results, but they were gradual. Those changes began to take a little better hold in the first quarter and you see the results of those. We do think it’s important for the programs that we develop, particularly price programs, that we not pull the customer one way or the other abruptly, because it gives them the wrong impression about what we are trying to represent. And so you will see, I think, gradual trend changes on what we try to do in this area, either direction based on how we see the market and the situation at the time. And I think that’s what you saw rather than some big difference between the first quarter and the fourth quarter. First quarter had the full quarter, having some changes in it, and the fourth quarter did not have a full quarter with some of those changes in place. But it was not a fundamental change in our plans. It was not a fundamental change in our strategy. It was not a fundamental change in the targeted areas we have in place. So I –
David Dillon: Karen, thank you. And before we end the call today though, I‘d like to share just a few additional thoughts with our associates who we encourage to call in. First, I want to thank you for getting us off to a solid start for the fiscal year. Our performance is a result of your individual efforts, and we really appreciate all you do. And as you know, safety is one of Kroger’s core values. We continue to strive to achieve our goal of zero accidents in our stores, plants, distribution centers and offices. Over the past 14 years, we have reduced our accident rate by more than 70%. There are several great teams to celebrate for their outstanding safety record, and each – for example, each of the following plants received – recently received an award, which indicated they achieved more than a year without an OSHA reportable injury. These six plants are America’s Beverage Company in Irvine, Texas; Pace Dairy in Crawfordsville, Indiana; Riverside Creamery in Riverside, California; Tamarack Farms Dairy in Newark, Ohio; Vandervoort Dairy in Fort Worth, Texas; and Westover Dairy in Lynchburg, Virginia. We also had many stores that have achieved outstanding safety records. 185 stores – 185 stores have gone a year without an OSHA reportable injury. Several other stores have gone at least three years without an associate injury. The top six stores that have gone without – gone full three years without an accident are Central Divisions, Number 462 in White Hall, Illinois; QFC Store, 804 in Seattle, Washington; Mid-South, Number 906 in Whitley City, Kentucky; Delta, Number 391 in Paris, Tennessee; Mid-Atlantic Division, Number 300 in Lynchburg, Virginia; and Smith’s Store, Number 131 in Ogden, Utah. That is exceptional. Congratulations to the associates in all areas of the company for keeping your focus on safety, both at home and increasingly – at work and increasingly at home too. We really appreciate your efforts. Have a great summer everyone. This completes the call today. Thank you for joining us.
Rodney McMullen: Thanks, Chuck. I’ll handle the questions on the square footage and the like. And I’ll let Rodney talk about the infrastructure projects. If you look at our current forecast, we would expect somewhere between 40 and 50 net new relocated and expanded stores, somewhere between 150 to 175 within-the-wall remodels of a major variety. These things are always fluctuating. And that would give us square footage growth. If you exclude operational closings and any acquisitions of about 1.5% or so, we’d be where we are today. Relative to keeping powder dry, our $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion would exclude any dollars we would spend to buy a property that’s currently leased, because as you know, over the last 18 months or so, we’ve been fairly successful of doing that at pretty attractive cap rates. It would also exclude any dollars we would spend on an acquisition. We would review those acquisitions independent of our normal capital program and look at the return they would generate and the EBITDA they would add relative to the spend.
Rodney McMullen: Chuck, remember, one of the reasons why we do that on acquisitions is we don’t want to build a business plan around where we have to have acquisitions, deliver what we’ve committed to from a return standpoint, because we think that causes companies to chase acquisitions rather than only doing acquisitions when it makes sense. And that’s the reason why we do what Mike just said. In terms of an infrastructure project, the biggest buckets would be things that we’ve invested in to improve the shopping experience for the customer, technology, warehouse and energy. And if you think about the LED lighting that I talked about as an example, that would be something where we allocated capital to support an energy project that has a good return, and it’s also good for sustainability. There are several things that we would have done on shopping experience, things like that. Technology, it’s really trying to figure out ways to make things easier for our associates, both in our stores, warehouses and plants, to do their daily job. I can’t think of any that specifically I can talk about other than if you think about there would be some capital involved to support some of the things we’ve done with dunnhumby, for example. Probably it would be something that would be reasonably easy to see. And then – go ahead.
Rodney McMullen: Acquisitions so far wouldn’t be much different than what we’ve seen in the past. We see quite a bit of things, but the pricing that people expect is still more than what you can really justify and get a good return on the investment.
Rodney McMullen: Yes, I’d just add a couple comments. One, I’m just delighted with our Fred Meyer team and our jewelry team both. If you look at the performance in general merchandise, it’s very broad-based in a lot of categories, which is very exciting. The other thing I find increasingly exciting is the Fred Meyer team is doing a better and better job of working across the whole company on general merchandise to help us sell more general merchandising all Kroger stores, not just the Fred Meyer. And then on jewelry, if you look at the identicals there, the identical there – if you look at the peer groups, they would be the best of any company that’s reported from an identical standpoint. How much of that is driven by the economy and how much of that driven by some of the changes we’ve done, and how much of that is driven because so many competitors have gone out of business, I think would be hard to speculate. But overall, on both fronts, it’s nice to see the continued improvement versus where we were in the fourth quarter.
Rodney McMullen: Both. And that’s the area where we’re really focused on working together to try to identify those items that customers would really find helpful and a good value for their money. And that’s really both.
Rodney McMullen: Yes, I’d just add a couple of other things. It’s one of the reasons why in Dave’s call – in his prepared remarks he talked about we had positive identical sales in all divisions, to try to give everybody a perspective of our broad base on our strength of our identical sales. The other thing that I would add to that is from our perspective, Wal-Mart really started getting more promotional on specific items, really Thanksgiving last year, when they started running turkeys at $0.40 and some of those things. So they branded it a little differently this year than they branded it last year, but they really did start looking more like a traditional supermarket in the way they go to market late last year by getting aggressive on pricing on a few items from a promotional standpoint.
Rodney McMullen: Do you want to comment about – I mean, so far this year, I would say we’re not where we need to be to have that limit come off of the bonus plans or with limit our ability to achieve certain payout metrics under our bonus plan. It is early in the year. And we clearly have plans in place to achieve those because we will be mutually rewarded if that occurs. As far as specific items that we have in place, some of those we’ve talked about and I don’t think we will get any more specific on progress and productivity improvements, but we continue to see the opportunity and implement different energy saving projects, for example, to continue to drive those costs down. Rodney talked about the investments we are making and infrastructure, both form a technology and a warehousing standpoint that we were expected to pay rewards as time goes on as well.
Rodney McMullen: It’s an area where convenience stores really helped us accelerate what we can do in the supermarkets. And it’s really their knowledge is helping us, and they really help us run across the company.
Rodney McMullen: Well, like I said, the vendors see the tonnage growth that they get when they partner with us on various promotions and even longer-term programs and they like what they see.Robby Ohmes – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. Hey, thanks a lot, guys.
Rodney McMullen: And it’s continuing using our dunnhumby data and other data sources to understand what promotions are working and what things don’t work and adjust for those as we go along, also so it’s using [ph] the insights that we have.
Mike Schlotman: Chuck, you referenced pass, I think, in your follow-up question there. We don’t really – we view our current capital program as standing in the neighborhood of $2 billion a year, which is where we were last year, and we would expect to be in the next two or three – in the next couple of years after this year. Remember, back in March we talked about – at one point in time, that would have been about $1 billion higher over those three years. We just felt in this environment, given what we are trying to do with our balance sheet and maintaining our rating, it was more targeted towards that, somewhat influenced by our results last year and a desire to make sure that we didn’t put too much pressure on our organization to maintain the credit ratings where we wanted them, given that our results last year weren’t where we wanted them.
Mike Schlotman: I won’t give exquisite specific guidance on OG&A, but clearly our goal is to drive down our operating cost on an annual basis. So our components of our incentive plan were without a reduction in operating cost. And that would be OG&A plus rent and depreciation, as well as the expenses in gross profit. If we don’t manage those expenses well on an annual basis, it limits the amount of our potential bonus payout. So we’re incentified [ph] to do that. I think Dave’s point is the key point. If you look at the operations of the company, yes, pension, healthcare and credit card expenses caused some headwinds at the operating level. But the productivity improvement, the process changes, and the energy savings essentially offset those. So they performed very well. But OG&A line in total did have the expenses from i-wireless and TLC in it, and this is the first quarter we owned all of the Little Clinic versus just a portion of the Little Clinic, which is one of the reasons that would have affected it for the first time like it did.
Mike Schlotman: I wouldn’t get specific on it. It would be – it would be a good chunk of the 13, but it’s not like it’s 90% of it, but it’s a good chunk of the 13. It’s the only reason we called those two out. There really wasn’t anything else out there that was remarkable enough to quantify.
Mike Schlotman: Yes. I wouldn’t make any adjustment to the first quarter as we saw in the Memorial Day because it really helped to offset the strong start we had right at the beginning of the Super Bowl and the weather. So if you look at the quarter by itself, it negotiated it somewhat. And as Dave said, excluding Memorial Day so far this quarter, we’re right in line with where we were in the first quarter alone.
Mike Schlotman: Not really a timing issue. If you look at the way we look at working capital, our net operating working capital improved by about $25 million this year versus last year. When we look at that, we kind of throw out the taxes on those and short-term debt and the things that really don’t – you really can’t have any influence over. But we’ve clearly – we are focused on trying to reduce our investment in net operating working capital. And it was nice to see that we actually generated $25 million of net cash on the way we measure that. And off line, I’d be happy to give you the definition. You know us. We can’t use a traditional definition. We have to come up with our own. But it’s actually a definition that our divisions feel as though they can manage day-in day-out, because if you put – if you put deferred taxes in there, they can’t do anything about that. So we try to look at it from the standpoint of something they can manage day-in day-out.
