J. Schlotman: Thanks. Kate couldn't be with us here this morning, so I will wish you the good morning, and thank you for joining us.  Before we begin, I want to remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking statements. We want to caution you that such statements are predictions, and actual events or results can differ materially. A detailed discussion of the many factors that we believe may have a material effect on our business on an ongoing basis is contained in our SEC filings, but Kroger assumes no obligation to update that information.  Both our third quarter press release and our prepared remarks from this conference call will be available on our website at ir.kroger.com. After our prepared remarks, we look forward to taking your questions. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Kroger's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rodney McMullen. 
J. Schlotman: Well, it does exclude the benefit of the 53rd week. Basically, the way we business plan is just like you said, like-for-like. And then we go in and estimate what the 53rd week will ultimately add to that result. I'm not going to go to, am I going to be at 8% or 9% with the 53rd week, because I -- that would tell you what we're thinking about without the 53rd week. But the below -- the only guidance we're giving is that on a 52-week basis, we would be below the 8%. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, what I was going through on CNBC is where some of the raw material markets are trending over the last 4 weeks. A lot of those, when you look at them on year-on-year, they're still quite negative. But there is some trend up in some of those categories in the input costs over the last 4 weeks, but still down on the prior year. Milk and cheese looks like it may be bottoming, but that doesn't mean things turn around on a dime as raw material input costs change. There's usually a lag from that bottom and a slight blip up in those costs until you start to see any effect on retail pricing. So we would expect this to persist. Some of that is just based on the last 2 cycles of inflation and deflation we've had. And we have a 5-year rolling average chart that we look at a lot. And if you think about the waves of where that happens with inflation and deflation, this cycle looks very similar to the last couple, maybe a little closer to '02 versus '09, which was a little bit more persistent, but that's what's in the back of our minds. 
J. Schlotman: So if you think about the -- where we've been at -- from the Analyst Day and transitioning through that, I would actually encourage you to step back a bit from that and look at it at a little bit bigger lens. It takes about $23 million of sales to move our IDs by 10 basis points. When you're plus or minus $23 million on a 2- or 3-day time frame, or even $40 million on a 2- or 3-day time frame, when you're at 4% or 4.5% idents, it's a blip on the radar screen. When you're between 0 -- when you're between flat and 50 basis points of identicals, it's a huge percentage move on where your identicals can be. And when you think about $23 billion a quarter in ID sales, so $1.5 billion to $2 billion a week, the potential for a couple of days to move by $20 million is very real. You've all heard me at different times talk about -- if you saw our daily sales when calendar shifts and holiday shifts, you would understand why grocers get gray hair early in their careers. And those kinds of things just happen, and it's a big effect. The effect of milk, eggs and cheese continues to be big. It's a big headwind to ID sales this year versus last year, a meaningful percentage. I won't necessarily give the exact amount, but it's a meaningful amount. Rodney's shrugging his shoulders. So it's as much as 50 basis points effect to ID sales in the quarter, just those 3 commodities, because of the deflation this year versus last year. So these kinds of things are real. You've often heard us talk about milk being elastic when there's deflation. When it's deflation on deflation, the elasticity happens when you first break that $2 barrier and then demand flattens out. So you don't get a 2-year bump in it. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I think the one I would go a little deeper on is the corporate brands. And as we continue to have an expansion of our Private Selection line, when you look at Simple Truth continuing to grow nearly -- basically, double digits, those kinds of products contain a higher gross margin as well. And as they continue to become a higher and higher portion of our mix, that somewhat distorts the historical reference. The number's a little bit difficult to interpret this quarter because of the fact of the dairy complex, because such a high percentage of the dairy complex is corporate brands. The other thing that's in there is the fresh mix. You heard Rodney talk a lot about being on top of the foodie trends and snacking and things like that. Those departments do come with a higher gross margin mix. Now their contribution to overhead or their operating profit may not be as strong as other departments because there's a lot of labor costs and more shrink in those categories and more fixed costs like electricity and things like that. So it's a combination of all those leading to it. Rest assured, we do continue to invest in price and continue to drive value to our customers. And it's something that we've -- been our cornerstone for the last 14 years. 
J. Schlotman: No, and I -- one of the things -- I agree 100% with Rodney on the e-commerce relative to deliveries and being on your porch. And where we're situated, our customers live within 2 or 3 miles of the store they most regularly shop in. And it's extremely convenient for them to order online and make that stop by the store on their way to and from either work or daily activities. And the easiest way to see if a retailer is excited about something is, are they doing more of it or less of it? And as Rodney said, we continue to roll more ClickList locations out. 
J. Schlotman: Tonnage trends continue to be positive for the quarter. I would -- there is some softening from the second quarter to the third quarter in tonnage. But overall, we're -- we continue to have positive tonnage, and we continue to grow our share. In some of the categories, we're very pleased with the tonnage growth we're seeing. It's -- tonnage is a little bit of a difficult animal to get your arms around because there are so many pack-size changes. Today -- it used to be, you bought a -- well, you didn't even buy bottled water, and then you bought a 12-pack of bottled water, then you bought 24-pack of bottled water. Now you buy a 32-pack of bottled water. All of those are 1 unit, even though we're selling more bottled water units. And there's a lot of multipacks and bigger packs that are trending to that kind of an opportunity. You also see some of that with ClickList in categories that customers are finding convenient to buy bigger packs because they don't have to fill up their basket cart with it. We do that for them and put it in their trunk. So they may be buying a 12-pack of paper towels instead of a 4-pack of paper towels, because they don't have to worry about space in the basket cart. It's just -- as long as their trunk can hold it, it's okay. We continue to be pleased with our tonnage growth. It's something we know is the fundamental piece of what is core to our business. 
J. Schlotman: Well, one extra week out of 52 is a little over 1.9%. The gives and takes of that and what happens inside that week drive what the benefit of it is. But historically, it's -- I would agree that it's somewhere in that range, but it's difficult to understand what's going to happen in the first week of late January, early February of 2018. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We always see ID sales ranges by region. When we're in 30-something states plus D.C., it's like anything else, there's somebody that's at the top of the list and somebody at the bottom of the list. We typically don't go into specific geographic descriptions of where we saw relative strength and where we saw relative weakness, if you will, or towards the bottom end. Broad-based, again, I would say the story is pretty much the same for all of the regions with the persistent deflation. And a continued focus on trying to drive tonnage is the story that we're trying to drive home with all of our geographies. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you think about Roundy's even more broadly than that, it is still in that same kind of a range. We've talked about that we've gone into 13 stores in Wisconsin and have done those stores the way we want them done. And we continue to be very pleased with the sales and tonnage growth inside those stores. We've also converted those 13 stores to our -- to the Kroger systems, which, for us, relative to a merger, is lighting speed because we want to get them integrated into our -- all of our processes as quickly as possible. We remain very excited about that merger and the potential we see. Particularly, the Wisconsin assets I think is -- if you will, if you think about it in purely economic terms, is the optionality of that merger. Getting into Chicago for the cost of the entire merger was great. And as Wisconsin with Michael Marx and his team running Wisconsin, that will continue to be a very positive thing for us in the future. It's not going to turn on a dime. It's a lot of hard work, but the team up there is up to the challenge. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I -- It's clearly something -- it's -- we're coming up on the 1-year anniversary of the closure of the merger. I think it was December 18 of last year. So it's very new part of our book of business. And it is going to be something that over time will continue to be worked on. I wouldn't -- I can tell you, part of our business plan process is not a tailwind from Wisconsin in 2017; individual stores, yes, but overall, no. 
J. Schlotman: Fuel has certainly been a wild ride the last few years and even in the last few even days and weeks as -- is OPEC going to do something? Is OPEC not going to do something? And they ultimately did the 32.5 billion -- or billion gallon decline -- barrel decline, 32.5 billion barrel. I put the b on the dollar -- the number instead of the barrel. That equates to 500,000 barrels a day. And to see the wild swings down $1.50 one day, up almost $4 the next day is kind of confusing on what's -- when you look at that relative to worldwide supply of oil is relatively modest amount of production cut. That said, volatility, up and down. Volatility is generally very positive for us because we have many, many fuel centers at our supermarket locations that get not just a delivery a day, but some of them get a couple of deliveries a day. So when there's daily volatility like that, it allows us to take advantage of market fluctuations. 
J. Schlotman: And we essentially business plan the nonfuel business, add the fuel business on, and then, of course, this -- we'll then add the 53rd week on. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, and that parallels Rodney's comment on basket size. Historically, all we would see is what's the average transaction per customer. And if that's softening, back in '02 when you didn't have the data, you didn't know that that household was coming more times in a monthly basis and it wound up spending more with you on a month because we simply didn't have that technology back then. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I don't know if I'll get that precise in answering the question because daily fluctuations are always dangerous because of things like you cited, Halloween moving between days. I don't think we said that we were absolutely at the low end of our 50 basis points to 150 basis points ID guidance. We said we were near it, and it's actually -- in our original guidance for that, we expect that the third quarter to not get to the low end, but the fourth quarter to be above the low end to bring us inside that range. And we didn't end up the third quarter drastically different than we did. And I think it's -- maybe it was my communication skills back on November 2, and people hearing that we're near the low end, just assuming that you're at the low end. I go back to, it takes $20 million in a quarter to move ID sales by 10 basis points. So the fluctuations when you're in this range, if I missed those 4 days that were left by $20 million, that cuts my ID sales in half if I was at 20 basis points. If I'm at 4%, it goes to 3.9%, and it's not a very big deal. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We are both clear-eyed about the challenges before us and optimistic about Kroger's future. Transitions are no fun, but they do create opportunities to improve the way we run our business. We will continue to focus relentlessly on our customers and our associates. We'll continue to accelerate our adoption of technology to deliver additional value, to provide convenience for and to our customers and take costs out, as Mike mentioned. All these things set us up to grow our business. We have a unique opportunity for strong growth in the $1.5 trillion U.S. food market. Our best days are still ahead of us.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: We wouldn't be, at this point, sharing specifics, but obviously, it's something that continues to be important and we'll continue to roll it out. Now at some point, it will slow down a little bit just because the stores that are easy to add, we will have added them. We have identified overall how many stores we think makes sense, and it's over half of our stores we think would make sense to have ClickList. But obviously, you do the easier ones first, and it will slow down just because of the difficulty getting it installed. 
W. McMullen: It's a great question. And obviously, looking back over the last 20 years or so -- what do they say? Every short statements in economics is wrong. So part of it depends on how does it come back? Does it come back with a vengeance? Or is it just 2% or 3%? At this point, we would expect for the inflation, when it becomes inflationary, for it to be pretty modest on the things that we're seeing. But remember that comment, we're very early, so that would be a very early expectation, but you don't know until you're in it. I think everybody from a competitive standpoint is looking at what's going on in the market. So typically, you'll lag a little bit at the front end, but then everybody will pass it through. And that's the reason why you'll always hear me talk about the transition periods are difficult, both going in and coming out of inflation, deflation. 
W. McMullen: Absolutely. And right now, like on the -- things that are grain-based, obviously, those crops, for the most part, haven't been planted yet. You'll have some winter wheat that's in that process. But crops will be a heavy driver of that inflation, and it's still way too early. I think, what, in '16, it appears that this will be a record crop for 5 years in a row. At some point, you're going to not have great weather. 
W. McMullen: I don't think we've ever had 5 before. So you never know. But there isn't anything that we see out there that would cause us to have a different point of view. Now obviously, in produce, that is -- that will change very quickly depending -- the growing seasons are much shorter there. 
W. McMullen: Yes, I would just add a little bit to Mike's comment. When Mike shared the guidance at our Analyst Day, he did talk about the uncertainty because of the calendar shifts. So there is -- what -- where we ended up was exactly consistent with what -- how Mike outlined in terms of the uncertainty for the balance of a few days. When you look at quarter-to-date in the fourth quarter, we would be slightly negative. But if you look at last year, last year's -- the first 4 weeks of last year's fourth quarter were by far the strongest, and it kept getting weaker during the quarter. So we will start cycling numbers from a year ago that look a lot different than what we've been cycling so far this year. So that's the reason why we were comfortable on giving the guidance in terms of being slightly positive for the fourth quarter. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments and let Mike finish it. First of all, when you look at having Roundy's and not having Roundy's, that affected some of the year-over-year change because Roundy's has a higher gross margin than the Kroger-based, Kroger company. The other thing is that our buying teams have done a ton of work on changing the way we buy product in terms of cost of goods. And if you look, we have a lot of corporate brand products where we buy direct. So a lot of those changes have really been helpful in terms of making improvement in cost of goods, too, which has helped some on the cost -- the gross margin line. I know Mike, you -- I'm sure you have a couple of other comments you want to add. 
W. McMullen: We do always try to break that out and provide that insight because we don't take credit for that extra week in terms of achieving numbers. As we mentioned in our prepared comments, we are in the middle of our business plan process and just wanted to give you a little bit of flavor of what we're seeing next year's shape up to be and letting people know the 53rd week, we're not taking credit for achieving the numbers. 
W. McMullen: I would say probably all of those -- all of the above are things that we're working on. One of the things that we've been able to do over the last several years is through process change, changing the way work is done. And we continue to see great opportunities there. And we're really working hard on partnering with our R&D team and our technology team to take things -- to change the way we do work. And I know Mike at our investor meeting talked a little bit about temperature monitoring. And temperature monitoring, for example, is something that we developed internally with our R&D team. We've rolled it out, and it saves about $25 million a year in terms of just what it costs to execute it. Obviously, it takes capital to do that. So the first year doesn't create too much value, but the second year and beyond is great value. So labor is always the area where there's the most opportunity. We will do those savings there through process changes. We think it's incredibly important. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- I'll try -- obviously, we're very, very early, so I won't be able to answer all of the questions you asked. They're great questions. It's just that we're so early in the process. It would be some growing share and some just one more convenience for the customer. And it's really a mix of both, and each customer would be a different combination of that mix. What we believe over time is that it starts teaching us how do we deliver what the customer wants, the way they want it, when they want it. So we think it's something that's even more important than just ClickList per se in terms of teaching us how to connect with the customer even deeper and in a better way for them. Some of the business is incremental. It's a reasonably high range when you look across the company. If you look at the financial performance, it's a headwind initially. If you go back and look at some of the original locations that Harris Teeter had before we merged, it becomes where you're indifferent whether somebody shops via ClickList or in the store. But if you look at the stores overall, it's still a reasonable, significant headwind in terms of rolling out ClickList from a financial standpoint. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The one thing that -- and you've heard me say this before, the thing that I've really been pleased with in Mariano's and the Wisconsin stores with Pick 'n Save and Copps and Metro are the engagement of our store associates and how supportive they've been and how excited they've been. And the changes that we're making, we're seeing a little bit more improvement in tonnage than we are in identical sales results, just because some of the changes deflate the retail prices. But I'm just thrilled and delighted with our teams and the way our teams are engaging and excited about being part of the Kroger team, and much more so than I would have expected this early in the process. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at it versus expectations, it's pretty similar. It continues to be positive. In terms of playing out, you always want more traffic than you had, but I would have said that every quarter. I don't know, Mike, from your perspective. I think it really well played out the way we would expect. 
W. McMullen: We felt like third quarter would be a very tough quarter, given everything that what was going on. And -- but you start cycling some of those things as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. When we do our business planning process, we always just use the 5-year rolling average. We find that's as close as anything else. I think Mike mentioned, if you look at over a rolling 4 quarter to a rolling 4 quarter, fuel margins are down just shy of a couple of cents. But for us, anybody's guess is as good as anybody else's. And I always get a kick out of -- if gas is at $100 a barrel, it's going to $150. And if it's at $50, it's going to $20. Neither of which have ever been right. But we just, in terms of the way we do our planning process, we look at a 5-year rolling average. When we look at, do our shareholders get a return for us being in that business, we also do the same thing. 
W. McMullen: Okay. Well, if you look at the '02 versus today, probably the biggest change from a customer standpoint, I guess, it would be 2 things. One, obviously, they buy food that's already prepared much more. And when we shared everything at our Investor Day, you could see a lot of the changes that we've done in terms of having food that you can come to one of stores and eat at the store or take home and eat. That, obviously, is a huge change today versus '02. If you look at the things that are -- and I guess, the other big change is customers shop more frequently but smaller baskets. So if you go back then, and we didn't have a loyalty card, and we didn't have the analysis we do today. But everything we could find, the customer would -- the basket would be bigger on an individual basis. But if you look at a monthly basis, it's bigger today. In terms of the cycle comments, the things that we think are the same are more the materials in raw ingredients space, where if you look at beef and pork and chicken, the biggest component of that is corn price. And chicken in that cycle is much quicker than it is on pork and beef. And that hasn't changed now versus 2002. So it's really what's the raw materials themselves and how's the growing crops doing and how does that flow through the supply chain. And that would have the biggest effect on some of the proteins and some of the center store components. I don't know, Mike, on inflation, anything that... 
W. McMullen: Well, on the promotional stuff, the -- you would -- in '02, and this is going off of a lot of memory without having the data in front of me. But competitors then didn't have as much insights, and they didn't know if it was just because somebody was getting their sales or if it was deflation. Today, people have much better data. So they understand it's things that's going on in the overall marketplace. It's not some competitor getting the business. So all of us reacted in a different kind of way at the front end of deflation back then because you thought a competitor was getting the business. 
W. McMullen: Yes. It would be similar to what we've seen before in terms of our comments. As you know, we won't talk too much about specific competitors. We have a ton of respect for them. There is no doubt they continue to improve. But that's the same comments I made at the investor call and I made at the last quarter. And all of us would have different approaches in different regions of the country. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, William.  Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. Being part of millions of families' celebrations this holiday season is a great honor and privilege. Our customers count on us to have what they need and more, and you make it all happen. Just last week, nearly 10.5 million customers shopped with us on Tuesday and 13.5 million on Wednesday before Thanksgiving. That's incredible. A huge thank you. No matter where you work, you make the holidays special for our customers, our communities and each other.  I also want to thank our store teams for their outstanding response to our national hiring event in November for all military veterans and family members. We hired 4,000 veterans and family members in one day, which is nearly 3,000 more than last year's event. We are delighted to welcome them to our Kroger family as part of our continuing commitment to active duty troops and the nation's 23 million veterans. Thank you for all you do every day. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you and your family.  That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
