David Dillon: Mike, thank you. This was a very strong quarter for Kroger. As a result of our associates' hard work, we strengthened our connection with our customers who in turn are spending more with us. Our Customer 1st strategy is producing positive results and will drive increased sales and earnings growth well into the future. We now look forward to your questions.
David Dillon: John, we are seeing some modest change. And modest would be the right word, it's really not very much. We're seeing some change in mix, some trading down perhaps, some choices being made, some of the areas that are discretionary areas. Several of those are still a bit challenged compared to our overall results. But our tonnage is still solid and that tells us that it's really modest changes that we're seeing.
David Dillon: We would. Now I would never say -- I wouldn't say that it's ever been robust as we come through the recession but it's gradually improved. And I would say the improvement has slowed down. It's still improving but the improvement is definitely slower than what it was.
David Dillon: Well, I'll comment on the overall view of gas. We've been pretty bullish on the idea. We've added lots of fuel stations over time. We continue to do so. And that's because we believe that the combination of having gas near our supermarkets is a very strong convenience. Customers also like the tie-in with our store sales, our store purchasing program. But I think that convenience is a real important aspect, so we're quite bullish. Our gallonage increases at a time when gallons in the U.S. are basically flat. So we think we're picking up a little market share there. But on the other hand, we have been adding for the last several years, and so I think that's part of the reason we've done that. I don't know that I'd have any comment about vendor tie-ins. Really, we have a lot of promotions but I wouldn't think that there's anything specific there that would be noteworthy.
David Dillon: Sure. It's a little hard to read sometimes when you have a holiday that changes dates, with Easter in the quarter. But trying to adjust for that, it looked like our sales gradually improved through the quarter and have continued to gradually improve into and through the first 3.5 weeks this quarter. So I mean gradual though, it's not a big difference. But it has gently risen and it's continued through the quarter and into the current quarter.
David Dillon: Well, it's hard to say because we don't know fully what lies ahead. I think one of the things we were guarding against or guarding for, looking out for, was trend changes, people trading down or buying fewer discretionary items if things got a little tight. Because as we said, that while -- what we've seen is things have stagnated a little bit in the economy and behavior has sort of just plateaued there. And so the recovery that we had hoped to achieve may not be quite what we had hoped would be achieved. And so we're trying to leave room for that.
David Dillon: Well, the examples that we usually, is obviously is one of them, is pricing. But as Rodney was quick to point out earlier and he's right, is that it's actually far more broad than that. It's everything from training associates in areas that would be meaningfully important to our customers to working on customer service on the front end of our stores to improving out of stocks on the shelf. All of those require often systems or training or process change. And each of those we think is an investment that the customers appreciate.
David Dillon: I think that the stagnation that we're describing is the overall environment that the customer is operating in. And we can see it in small ways in the behavior, that some of the trading down and exchanges that we described. Our relative performance within that overall market though has been strong. And as a result, it may not show quite as much in our performance, as it will overall, is that you won't see the industry recover quickly, rapidly just because of what's happening with food purchasing in my opinion. So I'm very pleased with where we are. The thing I would remind you though, we went through 5 factors that are basically external factors. But we identified March that we talked about today, those 5. The only one that really went against us in the quarter and the quarter ended middle of March -- I mean, middle of May, roughly. The only thing that really went against us was the high price of fuel which caused customers to have less money in their pockets, which we think drove a little bit of behavior change. The other areas tended to work in our favor. If some of those other areas were to turn south, we think that, that could have a little bit of a dampening effect on our positioning going forward into the rest of the year. So things like if food inflation got more wild than where it is, causing a shift in behavior, that's when it actually becomes a little more problematic for us, I think. Something like that could do that. You could have a change in competitive environment which we were already asked about before. I don't foresee that right at the moment but you just never know. Those are some of the examples and I think it changed the picture.
David Dillon: We plan to have a solid 4th of July selling time, and we plan to do it in a way that's consistent with the way we've been doing it for the last several years, not just that holiday but every holiday, just try to meaningfully give customers what we think they want, in a way that we can keep doing it. So we've tried not to be overly promotional. And that's the kind of thing that you can't sustain because then the next year, you got to be more than that in order to make it work. So I think that's our forecast for July 4. We're pretty excited about it.
David Dillon: We had some comments in how we saw Southern California and the challenges relative to healthcare and pension and that sort of thing and the comments that Rodney made and so I won't repeat those. But I will say to that, and this is about all I want to say about negotiations, is that both sides in the negotiations are showing the patience needed to solve the problems at the bargaining table. So we're really very hopeful that the process will eventually result in an agreement.
David Dillon: One of the advantages we have in times with high gas prices, and it's not just true for us but it's true for us too is that you hear a lot written about consumers making fewer shopping trips. And yet, the data we've seen now and what we saw before is we see more trips. And when we see more trips, and we're looking at households now as opposed to customer count, although customer count went up too, but we're really looking at households. And the households show more visits and the best we can figure based on talking to customers, what we think is happening is people are making fewer trips overall. But as they make those trips overall, they are shopping at Kroger more often. So Kroger is convenient to every one of those trips they make. And since we're convenient to every trip they make, they shop in us more often. That's an advantage that actually shows up about now.
David Dillon: I hate it when you give us a setup to talk about our strategy. But you did, so I will. Our strategy actually is pretty simple. It's been the same now for a long time. It's really trying -- genuinely trying to recognize that our earnings growth comes from better sales at Kroger. And our better sales come from connecting with customers better than we previously did. And so, we're focusing all of our efforts on trying to do that. We know we need to find a way to afford to do that. And so the way we have chosen to try to afford to do that is reducing costs and reinvesting those in the things that we discussed a little earlier. I think that's the story going forward. I think that's what you'll see the rest of this year from us. I think that's what you'll see for several years and to the future from us.
David Dillon: And I think that's -- I'm glad you added that, Mike. That's a really important concept as there is a lot of business out there and we don't think of it as s sum-0 gain. We look at our customers who are in our stores already and the amount of business that they don't give us for a variety of reasons. Sometimes we're not convenient. Sometimes we don't carry the item they want, lots of other reasons. But for whatever reason, there's a large amount of their business that they don't give us that they could give us. And we're focused on trying to improve on that. And we think we could grow our IDs at meaningful numbers for a long time and not run out of runway on that theme.
David Dillon: No, they really haven't changed behavior but they never changed behavior as the economy got better either.
David Dillon: There would certainly be categories where we modified our approach based on what was happening from an inflation standpoint. And in some cases, that might be changing what we did earlier, some cases, it might be waiting later to what we had planned to do, but there's no doubt we changed our strategy. And as you know, that's one of the things we try to make sure we keep the flexibility and modify as we go along from a tactical standpoint.
David Dillon: Well, debit card fees, we've talked a lot about credit card and debit card fees in the past. You know that the overall fees have been challenging to the industry and us in particular. We view it as an expense of the business, part of our OG&A. And as we find ways, even if it's the legislature that helps us, as we find ways to reduce our costs, it is our intention to take those costs saved and invest them in things that matter to the customer. So the answer is yes, we plan to pass that through in one form or another in ways that matter to the customer.
David Dillon: On the C-stores, a good quarter. About 1/2 or -- between 1/3 and 1/2 of our C-store divisions overlap with our supermarket. So they really are tying together where we go to market together as one entity rather than 2 separate companies, which I think is helping provide customers a bit better value. So overall, a good quarter. The numbers wouldn't be that much different than the supermarket side from a gallon growth or that type of stuff. On jewelry, I would say the thing on jewelry is it's volatile from week to week. Overall, it was a solid quarter, I wouldn't have said a great quarter but a solid quarter but volatile across the quarter.
David Dillon: You asked about the gallons, and the gallons in supermarkets and C-stores, the ID stores were both positive, in low single digits, I guess.
David Dillon: And the importance of that I think is that based on everything we read anyway is that the gallon usage across the U.S. is essentially flat. And that suggests we're growing share in our ID stores, so that we're very pleased with that.
David Dillon: Well, before we end the call today, I would like to share some additional thoughts with all of our associates who we encourage to listen on. First, I want to thank you for your contributions to a solid start to a new -- to the new fiscal year. You continue to delight and connect with our customers, and you achieved outstanding cost control in the first quarter. Your actions everyday make a real difference.  I also want to recognize associates in several retail divisions for their heroic efforts during the recent severe storms. For example, in Paducah, Kentucky, a team of nearly 100 associates and customers built a levy around our Kroger store #414 to keep water from rising and flooding the store.  When tornadoes hit Huntsville, Alabama, our store and logistics associates along with manufacturing and facility engineering and many others kept our stores opened and stocked even without power and without hot water, for customers who need food and supplies in the town that was in serious trouble.  And our team at Dillon stores 105 in Joplin, Missouri also deserve special recognition, led by our co-manager, John Gallahue [ph], 35 associates and customers took shelter in the produce cooler when the tornado swept through the community. Remarkably that produce cooler was about the only part of the store left standing after the storm passed. John and his team had just a few minutes to react, and because they had implemented the emergency procedures they were trained for, every person in the store survived.  Many other locations had impacts, too long to list here, but it included places like Cleveland, Tennessee and others who should be recognized. So we want to express our deepest appreciation to all our associates who helped respond to these storms and to serve our customers through this difficult time. And frankly, we're looking out for each other. You are truly great people. Kroger is an amazing family. That completes our call today. Thank you all for joining us.
J. Schlotman: The only other thing I'd add on top of that, John, is in a few places, you can see a little bit of where people are trading down to a lower expensive item or buying a little more on promotion. But I would echo what Dave said is it's very modest and very early. So whether it's a trend or just a little bump in the road, it's hard to say.
J. Schlotman: John, sorry to interrupt you. One other thing I'd add too is one of the things that makes it a little difficult in that area to know for sure is the weather in the first quarter was very challenging. And so it was either wet or too cold, so people weren't in the spring and planting mood, so that showed up on buying apparel and some of those things. It's picked up recently as the weather's improved. But how much of that is trend and how much of it is the weather, I don't know. That was one other thing I'd want to add on top of the comment I made before. Sorry to interrupt you.
J. Schlotman: The only thing I would add is we just want to make sure that we're beginning to see some switching of people buying something that's a little cheaper in a category. And obviously, that's fine on units, but we want to make sure from an identical sales standpoint that, that's reflected. If we end up incorrect and this is just a little bump in the road, then I wouldn't disagree with your comment but time will tell on that.
J. Schlotman: Scott, the only thing I'd mention is when we talked about market share in March, keep in mind there's been 40% share available held by none of what we call, large players in those markets. And driving some of that year, every year is clearly part of our strategy. And with that amount of share available in the markets we operate, we think we have the ability to continue to grow in our markets.
J. Schlotman: That's just beginning, and it's one of those things -- when you get so much information, at some point, you don't know whether it's just a blip for a few weeks or if it's a trend change and that's the reason why we're a little cautious on it. At the end of the day, we think it will benefit us. But if it actually happens, we do think at some point behavior will change. And if you think about if inflation got stronger at some point, people are going to stop having as much money to spend on food, some of those kind of things. But it's early on. So we didn't want to try to suggest that it's a complete trend change, but there's just a couple of things that would cause us to pause that we thought would be important to point out.
J. Schlotman: Yes, we would not separate any specific competitor. When we look at it, we look at competitors of the basket overall and individually, so we would not separate any competitor out from the rest.
J. Schlotman: We have $600 million left, so I think we have a bit of a runway before we would need to worry about addressing that question with our Board. And as we said, we do expect to use the $1 billion this fiscal year.
J. Schlotman: That's just that our current estimate of where we think the year is going to be, as you look at all the ins and outs on the tax rate, it wasn't dramatic. It's just a refinement of what we believe the effective rate's going to be.
J. Schlotman: No, I agree with you. The other thing we keep in mind, Mark, is we are cognizant of -- as we went through the recession and there was mixed change because of the recession and some inflation that our tonnage stayed very strong but the price points people traded to were a little bit lower which could affect reported IDs. But the underlying health of the business, we would expect to stay there and that weighed on our mind, as well. And I want to go back again and remind you that the first quarter for grocery was just over 2% without milk. So 1/2 of our sales still are not very far outside that original 1% to 2% expectation range.
J. Schlotman: Yes, and the other thing to remember on the credit card side, we have increased usage of credit card which to that extent continues to grow. So it's just not -- you got to look at the total together. You can't just look at one piece by itself.
J. Schlotman: It would be a meaningful percentage but it's highly variable across the country. So -- and it's the type of highly variable across this country. So what do they say, all short statements and economics are wrong. And it's one of those things where really is very high variance across the country.
J. Schlotman: C-stores were low single digits. Supermarkets would be mid-single digits but pretty close to one another, depends where you want to draw the line on low and mid.
Rodney McMullen: Yes, the only other thing I would add is one of the things we always want to make sure is that we have the flexibility to deal with over how the market changes. But what we have found is, when you look at our strategy overall, by focusing on people, products, shopping experience and price, the whole offering for the customer is a very broad offering that the customer enjoys. And we believe that, that will continue to gain share over time, and it's more than just price. Then our associates do an awful lot of work every day to make sure our customers have a total experience to the whole equation. So I think it's a broader discussion than price alone. And then I also think you want to make sure when you look at some of those competitors, look at equivalent type prices per unit, per ounce of volume and stuff. Some competitors may have a better price reputation than their prices really are.
Rodney McMullen: Deb, the other thing is that the 3.5% in the quarter and our guidance for the year. Keep in mind that if you look at produce and meat and seafood, they were huge drivers of that overall inflationary -- some of those and a couple of those were in double-digit inflation rates. And our grocery category, which is 1/2 of our sales, was still 2.1% without milk. And you have to kind of look at that inflationary compared to what items we're actually selling at those different inflation rates as well. My point is a lot of you all like to take our IDs minus the inflation and come to that answer. And with the disparate results of inflation in those kind of categories, it's even more difficult to do that this quarter.
Rodney McMullen: Well the only thing I would add on top of that, it's very broad-based, and it really is our associates across our stores, our plants, our warehouses, our offices, focusing on every little $0.01 they can help save or make sure that we're executing well on the programs we have in place. So I really give the credit, broad-based, to them, and it really is in a lot of different places. And I'm very pleased with what everybody is doing.
Rodney McMullen: And the only other thing I would add, we're using more hours on our front end today than a year ago and 2 years ago and those kind of things. And all of those obviously improves the customers' checkout experience. Dave mentioned training. We're spending quite a bit more money on training to make sure our associates understand what we're trying to get done and why. We continue to focus on trying to improve the freshness of our products and making sure that the customer has the absolute freshest product they can. Obviously, there's costs involved in executing all of those pieces. And it's just trying to make sure that we get savings in places so that we can reinvest in those that really matters to the customer.
Rodney McMullen: If you go back and look for most of the first quarter, clearly, the behavior of higher income customers, they were spending more and changing the behavior more than the lower income, was continuing, really focused on their budget. If you look at recent data, and that's the just the last few weeks, we're starting to see some behavior changes even in the higher-income customers. And a lot of that is driven by our stuff is showing people are eating out less. Now, obviously, when people eat out less, that's a benefit for us because they're going to get their meals from us versus going out to a restaurant. And we're starting to see that behavior change and we're starting to see that behavior change in all categories, not just the lower-income customer. One other thing on lower-income customers, if you look at like food stamps and WIC and those types of things, they continue to grow but not quite at the same level it was growing, which would be something that's on the other side, where it would suggest things are getting a little better. But during the quarter, we actually are beginning to see some changes later in the quarter which has caused us to make some of the comments we have. But even with that said, we think we're very, very well positioned to address if it ends up becoming a little softer because of our convenience store and our bigger value we offer for the customer.
Rodney McMullen: As you know, we've been in the Gas business for years. And we found one of the smartest things to do on gas is never predict it. And what we've -- when we look at the business overall, what we're really focused on is trying to add convenience for our customers to make it just a little easy for their shopping trip. We, seriously, we do not try to predict where gas prices are going to go because I get a kick out of, what was it, 3 weeks ago, I cut out a headline where gas prices are going to $5 a gallon. And then I think, it was yesterday or day before, the headline was that gas has hit its high point and it's going down from here and this is by very reputable newspapers that are making those comments. So we really don't try to predict. The only thing we do know is it will be volatile. And at the end of the day, volatility actually helps us but it's no fun along the way.
Rodney McMullen: The way we do we would estimate inflation -- the estimated inflation number is really a point in time estimate. So it's not the average for the year that we expect a higher rate. It's really the point in time estimate. And it's more driven on terms of how we use it for our LIFO reserve. If you look at the average for the year, it would not be as high. What we find is that inflation within our business always lags in terms of, as it flows through. But it happens, it just lags a little slow. I don't know, Mike or Dave.
Rodney McMullen: It's a good question, Chuck. I think what it's telling you is that customers are still awfully nervous. But when they get a little money in their pocket, they want to do something. Or if there's an event, they want to do something. And it's trying to make sure that you're ready when the customer wants to do the something. I still think they're cautious but they've done without for so long, they do try to splurge when they can.
