David Dillon: Thanks, Mike. I am very proud of our associates for delivering such outstanding results in 2011. Our consistent performance is one of the reasons that Kroger has created more than 29,000 jobs in the past 5 years. Kroger is rewarding shareholders, and we are looking forward to another year of consistent industry-leading performance and growth. We now look forward to your questions. 
David Dillon: Well, John, those are, of course, all the right factors. And how they weigh out is going to be hard to judge. Certainly, on the plus side, the economy is clearly improving. And except for the very price-sensitive customers, which Rodney mentioned are still suffering disproportionately, otherwise, it's holding up quite well and we're very pleased with that. And customer sentiment, which is also important in how people feel about things, is also improving. Those are both good signs. So even with higher gas prices, it's possible that those factors end up overweighing that. And as you know, there are some pluses of higher gas prices for us, one is our gas promotion has a good effect. And the other is that a lot of our stores are located within a couple of miles of where customers live, and that becomes a very convenient place for them to shop when prices get high. So it's not like it's all bad news. There are certainly some bad news with it because it's less money in their pocket. But on the whole, we remain optimistic. 
David Dillon: Well, let me ask the question slightly differently. We think of market share -- and we've thought about this for years now, I'd say 15 years at least, maybe 20. Instead of looking at our traditional supermarkets, we look at the pie as being a lot bigger than that. We were looking, as Rodney said, where our customers spend their money. And because we look at it that way, our battle has been for a market share of that bigger pie. And that attitude, that viewpoint, has caused us to address it, I think, differently than some of the other traditional supermarket operators. There are some out there who have done it maybe similar in their thinking, but our objective is to solve what the customer needs solved and not to solve maybe what is a traditional supermarket equation. And that line of thinking actually has led us down this path of Customer 1st. We've talked a lot about it, and it sounds more like marketing words, but actually, we genuinely mean it. We look at the 4 elements of Customer 1st. We invest in those in the ways that we believe are meaningful to our customers. We save money in places that don't matter to the customer and reinvest it in the places that do. And I think it's that approach that has created the results that you described. I would agree with your viewpoint, we think we have not suffered the same channel changes that others have, but we've had to live in the same channel changes that others have had to live with. And we just had to address it in a different way. 
David Dillon: We've actually described internally what you're talking about in saying that the grocery industry as we all grew up in it really doesn't exist anymore. And we'll occasionally use the term traditional grocery because it helps relate to things that you all will describe and that you're describing now. But we don't think of that as our industry. We don't have a real good name from it other than food, but it is a broader industry than just that traditional food industry. 
David Dillon: Well, your list was right and the so forth is a longer list, too. Just contrast us with ourselves instead of looking at what you're comparing to. Look at ourselves in the 1990s to now. And even though we had good earnings growth during that time, our sales were not strong. We were losing our relevancy with customers. And we were really more focused on just producing earnings. When we moved to a point of view that says we've got to solve issues for customers, putting our customers first, that in effect, indirectly gave us a stronger result for our shareholders. And we felt it would and it has proven to be true. And sometimes in life, and I think it's definitely true in business, if you go after something directly, you may get it for a while but you won't get it forever. But if you go at it indirectly by serving the broader goal, the broader goal for us is our customer relevancy, then you end up serving the shareholders as well. And I think that's what we've seen happen. So I would prefer to contrast us with ourselves. And all of the things you described are true. Each of the 4 keys has specific things about them that we have done. We've talked about many of those over the last several years. But we've worked hard on each of the 4. It's not any one of them, it's all of them. So I don't know if that's help you anymore, but... 
David Dillon: Let me just give you a summary on it. We had, through last week, which is 4 weeks, our identical sales without fuel would be comparable to where we where in the fourth quarter. We did not update it to this week because this week frankly is not comparable because with the leap year day that we added, we now have a bigger shift in first of the month than normal. So it's not a comparable week. And we are still seeing this year and last year high variability from the beginning of the month to the end of the month, and so that enters into it, too. But through the 4 weeks anyway, I'd say the identical sales were comparable. 
David Dillon: Well, first, we're not going to put it in terms of selling gross margin. While it's still an important concept for us to think of in running our business, we think it adds too much confusion to the discussion. But directionally, you've heard us say we work backwards. We said that we expect our FIFO operating margin rate to slightly improve in 2012, so that we put it in the K and described that already -- or in the 8-K we filed today. So you start with that, and everything else works back from that. You should expect, as we've said before, some additional investment in our gross margin -- FIFO gross margin. And as we do that, though, you should also expect over the course of the year, that we'll have savings that will offset that so that we end up with a slight gain in operating profit margin. I don't know if that helps, but we do expect some investment certainly. 
David Dillon: I think the only comment I'd make on that is just refer back to what Mike said about the flow of the quarters through the year. That contains -- that guidance on as you think about the quarters gives you the best feel we have for the way we currently expect it to flow. But as we've pointed out, we also make tactical adjustments as the year go on. And if we've done that, we'll try to identify that if it's meaningful. 
David Dillon: If I had the script from the last time we answered that question, I would just replay the tape for you because it's the same answer. We're always interested, always looking, highly selective... 
David Dillon: Yes, we don't need them to make our numbers. Lots of companies that give forecasts for the year assuming they'll make acquisitions. We never do that. 
David Dillon: Well, first, I would agree with you, Meredith, that the competition has been rational. It doesn't mean it's not significant. It's been quite significant. And last year was just like we've seen in previous years, lots to address, and we fully expect that going forward. I do think there's a psychological effect when identical sales are positive that cause people to be a little bit more rational than they might have otherwise been. But actually, when we saw a deflation a couple of years ago, behavior was -- for the most part, there were some moments, but for the most part, it was more rational. We called out a few times in the quarter calls where we saw some blips and differences, but generally, it wasn't too bad. And that was with deflation. But what you described and what we certainly are forecasting is not a deflationary environment but one that's just a little less inflationary than it is currently. And so I would not expect to see an environment that was much different than what we've been seeing, fiercely competitive but certainly rational. 
David Dillon: I'll let Rodney maybe comment in a second. But the language we used in the 8-K and that we use today is actually pretty consistent with how we've seen the world for a long time, that there's lots of pressures that need to be addressed. And on one hand, as an employer, we genuinely want to provide positive wages, good wages that are viewed in the market as good wages and good solid benefits. I mean, those things actually matter to us that we can provide that. At the same time, we recognize we have to be cost-competitive, and so we work hard on that. But that's not a new phenomenon. And the challenge of the negotiations is also not new because there are some structural legacy issues in contracts generally that need to be generally addressed. So as to the specifics, though, I'll let Rodney comment on that. 
David Dillon: Meredith, the pension agreement we reached last year is a really good example of what Rodney was describing, of people sticking with it, working through it, trying to find a way to make that all work. I think that took us, I don't know, 1.5 years... 
David Dillon: Well, if you did it based upon their sensitivity to price, which is one of the ways we look at it, the tier that is most sensitive to price was challenged, and it's suffered disproportionately. And we think it's a direct result of retail prices on food being higher and them not having any more money in their wallet to spend. So the units went down and those numbers were not very pretty. All of the other segments were -- would've been good and strong and up and positive. We ought to also comment that corporate brands had a terrific quarter and a terrific year. We noted the 35% of grocery units, that's back up to the peak that we've ever achieved, and that's where we're just about 1.5 years or 2 ago. 
David Dillon: I agree with that. And let me add one other thing. This might give you a little bit of color. We've often identified a few categories or products or brands and so forth that have done well. And let me just highlight those and maybe a few others. We've, obviously, in several quarters past, talked about natural foods and organic produce, sushi, Boar's Head, Starbucks, prepared foods, all of those had really good results. But we would add to that list, floral -- and we had, by the way, a good Valentine's Day, a strong Valentine's Day. Greeting cards are actually up, cosmetics are up. Those are areas that we've seen some improvements in. And that would give you a little sense of the optimism that we have is that we're seeing a little broader customer recovery than what we'd seen before. But still that bottom group that is most price-sensitive is definitely a challenge right now. 
David Dillon: Thank you very much. And so before we end the call today, I would like to share some additional thoughts with our associates who are listening in today. Because of your hard work in 2011, it was a big success. We made solid progress in connecting more with our customers, especially by offering better and faster service, and making sure that we have the products our customers want in stock. We worked hard to keep costs under control in ways that are meaningful to the business but not distracting to our customers. And we have successfully reinvested the costs that you saved. Our customers say that they can feel the difference. Thank you and keep up that great work.  This week, we invited 38 Kroger associates from across the entire company to join us in Cincinnati for a special celebration. These associates live our values and leadership model in their daily work. Together, this talented group has shown remarkable leadership, innovation and courage, each in his or her own special way. Our honorees this year include managers who lead strong and engaged store teams, associates whose new ideas have made a big difference, community service award winners, the associates who have joined the I Can Do That fitness challenge and made a healthy lifestyle change. We are inspired by their efforts to make our company better. Please help us congratulate and thank these associates. You can learn more about them by watching our quarterly broadcast tomorrow or reading on Great People.me in the coming weeks. That completes the call today. Thank you all for joining us. 
J. Schlotman: Well, as we've begun the year, we certainly have a plan laid out of how we expect to invest in the elements of our Customer 1st strategy, and it does contemplate what we see out there. But as we said in the prepared comments, we did make tactical adjustments throughout 2011 to react to the world around us, and we would expect to continue to do that in 2012 as well. And I think it proved out beneficial for everybody in 2011, given our results. 
J. Schlotman: Well, a couple of things on LIFO. I think I've proved my inability to project LIFO throughout the year this year. And it's a very difficult thing to do. The other thing, John, to keep in mind is LIFO is a noncash charge, and it doesn't use cash or create cash when I book that charge. So if it goes up or down, it really doesn't affect my ability to have money to invest to reward our customers. Does it affect earnings per share? Absolutely, but it really doesn't give me any incremental dollars to invest somewhere else. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Well, when you look at those 6 markets, it's extremely modest. But a 0.1 is a 0.1 because we do take it literal in terms of what the report says. So it's not necessarily a reflection because it could actually be rounding -- but the numbers are what they are. In every market, we're very pleased with our identicals. And as Dave said, our identicals for the quarter were very broad-based across the whole country and very broad-based across all departments. And we felt very good about where we are overall. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you look at it over time in years where we haven't done an aggressive buyback like '11, it's typically been in the $400 million to $600 million range. We like to do enough to offset dilution, and it's relatively steady throughout the year. Don't have a particular target in mind as I sit here today because some of it is driven by all of the forces around us and what other opportunities we have to invest in cash. I'm happy with my debt rating, my guidance on -- our guidance on CapEx is a little bit higher because we continue to see some phenomenal store sites come our way and some technology projects that we think will be attractive returns for the long haul. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I mean, the pension -- if you look at the pension overall, if you set the contracts aside where we consolidated the pension plans, the remaining plans would have some increases in them, and all OG&A would certainly have increases in them. If you look at UFCW pension plan expense overall, because of what we did in December, that contribution and expense should decline overall in 2012. And we talked about that benefit back in December when we announced the consolidation. 
J. Schlotman: We're not opposed to them, like Dave said, but we're not going to change the metrics we look at and stretch to do something because of the current environment. If it meets our metrics, we would certainly look at it. And if it doesn't, we won't. 
J. Schlotman: And that does sort of detemper the identical sales number, because it can be the same number of units, but it's a lower retail price. And that strong offering can actually show up in that way, and it may look like the ID number in a certain category is worse than it really is and you have to factor that in. 
J. Schlotman: The other thing is, is that the 3% to 3.5% won't be smooth throughout the year. We expect higher numbers in the first part of the year, and it will decline as the year goes on as a result of what Dave said with those generics going off-patent. And there's a couple of reasons for that. I don't want this to be a pharmacy call, although Lincoln Lutz may like that, but the first 6 months that we have -- that those drugs go on off-patent, there is an exclusive generic provider, so that's a step down in sales a little bit. And then after 6 months, it steps down again. I don't mind sharing that specifically that impact that Dave talked about. Our estimate of the effect of the drugs coming off-patent and going to generic on our total book of business is 50 basis points. That's not 50 basis points on pharmacy sales, that's the overall reduction in business for the company. That doesn't really -- but they come at little bit of higher gross profit rate. And that's one of the reasons I went into the detail I did on explaining how the year is. So that's going to have a disproportionate effect in the back half of the year. But we don't believe our profits will suffer because the gross profit rate on those is higher. And it will stand a little counterintuitive to the model we've espoused for so long, but we're just trying to give some transparency into how we see the year shaking out. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I don't think that's necessarily the case. That's potentially possible. But keep in mind, last year's first quarter was just a phenomenal quarter. Everything that could possibly go right went right. And my comment on the LIFO, when you look at where we were on LIFO early in the year last year, it's that kind of in the range or close to the range that we're expecting for the full year this year. So we had to increase our LIFO throughout the year in 2011. And so we won't get any benefit on earnings per share from a significantly lower -- or from a potentially lower LIFO charge until later in the year when we had to catch up the full year. 
J. Schlotman: Probably wouldn't go into the list of them. But as you know, whenever you get into any kind of technology projects, they typically consume a bit of capital. And we want to make sure that we have the appropriate amount allocated and budgeted for that, and it does affect where CapEx winds up coming in. 
W. McMullen: And those tactical changes -- John, this is Rodney, won't necessarily be the same every year. And so there wouldn't necessarily -- just because of what we did last year doesn't mean we'll do the same thing this year. And it really depends on what our insights tell us that is important to our customers. 
W. McMullen: The only thing, Ken, that I would add -- and I agree with everything that Dave said. And I think increasingly it's probably one of the things that people look at Kroger probably incorrectly because they try to put people into channels. And if you look at what a traditional supermarket would be, and you go into our stores today, it's nothing like what that traditional supermarket used to be. And it really -- there really is a new category that we're in that we're satisfying the needs based on what customers are telling us they want that Dave outlined. And I really do think it's one of the things where, we, along with our investors, probably try to stick things into channels, and it really is what we're trying to create with our customers, a channel that's completely different than anything out there. And I think our customers are showing it and our associates are executing against it for our customers that show that, that's actually happening. 
W. McMullen: If you look at the weather so far, weather definitely was a bigger help last year than this year. We've had very few snowstorms this year. And obviously, when there's snowstorms, kids stay home and they eat at home versus at school. So we really haven't -- we didn't have those -- very limited benefits in the fourth quarter. We've had very little of those benefits in the first quarter also. 
W. McMullen: If you look at the guidance that Mike outlined for the year, we included some benefit for Express Script transfers to Kroger. If you look at where we're trending right now, our increases are a little bit more than what we were expecting. So to the extent that it's better than what we had built in, yes, it would be a positive. Obviously, if they settled tomorrow, that would also affect the number. The other thing that we will plan to do is at the end of each quarter, give you some insight in terms of what the Express business helped us by, so you could have some insight and get a feel for that, but we did include some. But right now, we're actually doing better than what we included. 
W. McMullen: The only other thing I would add to that, Meredith, is we also expect the economy to improve a little bit, and we do think the improvement in the economy would help everybody's volume go up a little bit and spend on an item, a little more expensive items and those kind of things. So I think that is also in the background. 
W. McMullen: Yes. One of the things we're really pleased about is it's really broad-based. And there isn't just one place where you can go and say half the savings is being created by this one item. It really is all across -- all the departments. Shrink results were very solid, our warehouse and transportation group did a nice job. And when you adjust for fuel, it's even better. If you look at our store teams, they did a very nice job of, and Dave mentioned it earlier, really identifying things to make work more efficiently, where the customer is not -- it doesn't benefit the customer, and then we reinvest some of that to help the customer, other places we help to invest in lower pricing. So it's really very broad-based, which is one of the things we're very pleased about. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The only other thing, when you look at '11, I don't think there's anything specific. One of the things I've been very pleased with, the union and our labor negotiators is just sticking with it. Because the things that you've outlined, obviously, it's a great deal of difficulty. Dave outlined we want to make sure that we have a very solid wage benefit and health care benefit package that's extremely competitive in the marketplace. And I've really been impressed with everybody's commitment and persistence in just trying to keep talking about it, working through it, engaging our associates, trying to understand what really works and allows us to stay competitively. So that piece, I would give both parties high marks on sticking with it. But outside of that, I don't think there's anything unusual to talk about on '11. Obviously, as you look forward, you have the new health care laws that start changing a lot in 2013. And how that affects and what uncertainties that creates will be a lot of the discussion, I think, in '12, too. 
W. McMullen: If you look on the, I would say the grocery side, but it's broader than just grocery at Fred Meyer, it was phenomenal. When you look at the nonfood side and jewelry, I would say it was a solid year. If you look at our performance versus the publicly reported companies, we've outperformed most of those companies, so it was solid but it wasn't something that was spectacular. So overall, we felt really good about it. But it wasn't something that was just blow-away-good that it really drove the numbers in a different level. 
W. McMullen: Up on sales. If you look at the 2 combined, up on earnings -- not necessarily up on earning, jewelry would've been not up on earnings. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The only other thing I would add is I always think that you have to separate the grocery and drug/GM departments away from the fresh departments in terms of meat, produce. And those departments are heavily influenced by commodity prices. And if you look at 2011, certainly from a commodity price inflation standpoint, it was significantly more than normal, which caused more-than-normal to get passed to the customer. But at the same time, there were times when we paid our fair share of that cost. So I really think you have to separate it into 2 buckets. And when you look at just the grocery departments in those, it was a pretty normal year. We would expect '12 to be pretty much staying along the same lines. On the fresh part of the business, that's much more commodity-driven. 
W. McMullen: We really don't talk about by quarter-by-quarter because when you look at it within quarters, and this has been true for the last, I don't know, 5 or 10 years or however long we've tracked it, a lot more variability across quarter-to-quarter just because how the quality of how people report the data and all that. So there's a lot more volatility from quarter-to-quarter, so we really don't talk about it. We felt very good about where we were across the year and by quarter. And that's really the only thing that I would talk about. 
W. McMullen: Nothing more than normal things that you would do. I mean, it really is trying to understand what's connecting and what's not and you modify along the way. But I wouldn't say it was one big, one item that caused it. I really think it's just you continue to learn and just getting a little bit better about on the things you're doing. 
W. McMullen: Yes, I mean, I'm not going to be able to be any more insightful than what Dave is. There are a lot of things that we're doing. It really is -- if you think about a football analogy, it's one play at a time. And it's fascinating, those customers would tell us they spend more than what they actually spend with us. And it really is trying to understand each customer segment and what's important to them and delivering better against that. 
