W. McMullen: Thank you, Gary. We are executing against our strategy even during the pandemic and continue to grow market share. The strong underlying momentum in our core supermarket business and acceleration in the growth of our alternative profit business demonstrates that we are successfully transforming our business model to deliver consistently strong and attractive total shareholder return in 2020 and beyond.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: And we would look constantly at people to partner with to help accelerate our experiences for our customers. So the example Gary gave is just one of many different partners and some are larger companies, some are smaller companies, but it's really how do we make sure we get -- deliver for the customer the way they want it delivered for them. 
W. McMullen: Gary just briefly mentioned it, and we'll get into more detail in March, but when you look at overall, we do see meaningful opportunities to continue through process change and take costs out both in goods not for resale, cost of goods and operating costs itself. And we'll get into more detail in March. But Gary mentioned, this year, we're on track to take over $1 billion out, and we still see opportunity in 2021 to take additional costs out while not affecting the customers' experience. 
W. McMullen: Yes. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, pharmacy customer typically spends 3x more in our stores. And the pharmacy customer, for us, we've been working hard, our whole teams have, by treating food as medicine. And we're increasingly learning how to help customers eat healthier and live healthier. And for us, it's really the 2 working together is how we help customers stay healthy.  If you look at some of the different cards in terms of discount offerings, those are things that we've been offering for several years. We have partnerships with GoodRx as an example and then others. And for us, we think it's part of the overall ecosystem. We really like the fact that we're able to help customers eat healthier and tie-in food. And it appears that about half of health care costs are driven by the way people eat, and we're helping people eat healthier. And it's a partnership that we think will work well. And one of the things that we find is customers still appreciate -- they appreciate online at times, delivery at times, but they also really appreciate having a health care professional that they can talk to one-on-one to answer their questions, and that's what we're able to offer, either in-person or on telehealth. 
W. McMullen: Pantry load. The -- we did put in limits on certain categories early in the quarter, and it was really -- the reason we did that was because of learnings from early. And we are -- as we mentioned, we've seen people shop fewer times, but buying more when they shop. The other thing on the holidays, obviously, on Christmas, time will tell, but -- and New Year's, but people obviously celebrated the holidays in a much smaller family gatherings than what they would have in the past year. So it's a little of all of the above that's going on. And one of the things that our supply chain team did was go and get access to additional warehouse space and then our procurement was able to buy some of the hard-to-find inventory, so that we will be there for our customers. So I would say, overall, it's pretty limited. It's a little stronger in the West than the Midwest just because of where different parts of the country are with COVID and their approach to COVID. But overall, not as much as what we saw early in the year, but some. 
W. McMullen: Yes. As you know, we never really looked at market share in terms of where it's coming from. And we do everything we can to expand the market and then how are we doing within that market. So we think the market share is pretty broad-based. We're getting it by our existing customers spending more with us. Some of that is driven by our digital offerings in the seamlessness of the digital offer. Some of it's driven because we are getting new customers into our ecosystem, both digitally and in-store. So it's really very broad-based in terms of where it's coming from. 
W. McMullen: I would say we continue to learn. We really aren't yet in a position where we would decide whether to expand or whatever. It continues -- the customers react positively, but we are continuing to learn how to better and deeper connect with the customers. So happy, but still early on. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look overall, and I'll let Gary get into more on some of the specifics, we just think it's important. Obviously, there are some customers whose financial situation continues to be very strong and growing, but there's other customers that their financial situation's been more pressed, especially as they've been affected in COVID in different ways, on losing jobs and things like that. We just believe, when you look at long-term, that it's important for customers to understand we did not take advantage of them during COVID. And we continue to invest both in everyday pricing and promotional pricing, and as Gary mentioned, like waiving fees for pickup, things like that, to try to help customers' budget to go further because we just think it's one of those things where the customer is going to appreciate everything that we've done during COVID, when we get out of COVID. The other thing, and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks that I'm so proud of the Kroger team is if you look at -- we've continued to make good progress on our Fresh dimensions, our Friendly dimensions relative to our competitors. And when you look at all of those things together between a seamless experience where a customer can go online, in-store, incredible Fresh experience that's better than they can get with our competition. And with great pricing and incredible promotions, we just really see no reason that customers would shop anywhere else. 
W. McMullen: Yes. We have very few of our associates at minimum wage, and about 90% of those are younger than 18 years old or 18 years and younger. So it's people who -- it's their first job. And as you know, we have a ton of people that come to work for us as a job and then make it a career. And we want to make sure that we're providing great career opportunities for people's income can continue to improve. We are -- whatever the federal minimum wage is, we're comfortable with that. We don't take a position on that because as long as our competitors have the same costs as we do, we're very comfortable on operating on an even ground. We -- it's always not good when we have a cost they don't have. So we don't take a position on federal minimum wage, and we view that, that's the politicians' responsibility.  As I mentioned, and as you know, as part of Restock Kroger, we originally included $500 million for incremental pay increases. And so far, we've actually done $800 million of incremental pay increases for our associates in addition to providing great benefits for paid time off, sick vacation and other things. 
W. McMullen: Thank you for your questions today. I wish all of you and your friends and family happy holidays, Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year and encourage you to stay safe.  At Kroger, our purpose is to feed the human spirit, which means that we are called to do more and help make the lives of those around us better. When we see our associates, customers and neighbors affected by systematic racism, discrimination and injustice, we are called to speak out and act in accordance with our values. Over the past several months, we've listened closely to our 0.5 million associates in countless communities across the nation to learn what we can do better to accelerate and promote greater change and equity in our workplace and the communities we serve.  We recently shared our framework for action, diversity, equity and inclusion plan. This plan is just the beginning. We are approaching this effort with humility, knowing that we can't do it alone and don't and won't have all the answers. But we are committed. I am committed to continuing to listen, to speak out and to take action. That concludes our call for today. Thanks again for your questions, and thanks for your time. Goodbye. 
Gary Millerchip: Well, I agree completely, Rodney, with your overall comments. Maybe a couple of specifics, I mean, into 2020 and 2021, just to build on some of Rodney's comments. First of all, as you think about 2020, we talked about the pass-through rates, obviously being lower on digital although being incrementally positive. So the way it would show up in our P&L is where typically on the sales growth that we're seeing this year. We might have normally seen a pass-through rate of north of 15% on a traditional brick-and-mortar sale. The blended rate between digital and store and having in the COVID cost may be coming in around 10% versus that 15% or higher. So a combination of lower pass-through rate on digital and the incremental COVID cost will be bringing down that overall blended rate.  Interestingly, though, on a specific example, as you know, we took away the fee on a promotional basis during the quarter. So that would be a headwind to gross margin. But actually, the value that we're creating through media revenue is really offsetting that. So we've been able to invest in the customer while still being able to replace that revenue by offering personalized digital communications to customers that drive new revenue streams to offset that promotional activity.  As you think about 2021, just one sort of -- I guess, an unusual phenomenon just to think through it, but the more improvements we make now on our digital business as we're continuing to improve digital profitability, so as we take cost out of the cost fulfillment order, as we grow the average order value through personalization, as we grow media revenue, that -- those tailwinds will be -- if we achieve them in Q3 this year, we'll get the full benefit on the whole volume next year. So actually on the same level of business, digital would be a tailwind in next year's financial model. Now obviously, as digital continues to grow, it will create some additional investment next year. But on the base level of business that we're generating in 2020 as you create the full benefit from those cost savings from media revenue, it will become a tailwind on that base level business next year in terms of improving profitability of digital. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Simeon, you'd be correct in the way in which our core pickup business would show up in our P&L as a lower pass-through rate is the labor associated with picking the product in the store. That's what drives the mid-single-digit pass-through rate versus the sort of high-teen rate, if you like, on a traditional brick-and-mortar sale. We have a fairly unique model, I think, with Instacart. They are our predominant partner. We do use other partners as well in terms of delivery. So part of that business of Instacart is still delivered through the Kroger ecosystem. So the customer would come on to kroger.com or the Kroger app and would order a grocery delivery. Instacart would pick that product for us, but we're managing it through the Kroger ecosystem. So a significant part of our volume would flow through there. And then, of course, we're compensating Instacart or another third-party for that service. And that would also appear in OG&A. So it would be a similar area of the P&L.  The part of the business where Instacart is using their own digital assets and the customers going through the digital ecosystem of Instacart, that would flow through more as a traditional sale and wouldn't have the same level of impact on the P&L. We are a big partner of Instacart. And obviously, we work very closely with them to make sure we're maximizing the efficiency of the model and continue to work on where we can improve the pass-through profitability on all those modalities. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks for the question, Erica. We wouldn't, at this point, get into specifics around 2021 detailed guidance as we plan to share more color on our overall outlook for next year at our Investor Day in March and through our Q4 update when we get to that. What I would say is, in general terms, I think it's important to remember that as we talk about the investments that we're making in gross margin today, many of those are in areas that matter most to the customer around personalized promotions and value offers that really resonate with the customer in the areas that we believe will drive loyalty long term, are in the most important categories for the customer around Fresh because that's what primarily drives their decision to shop with a food retailer. We continue to invest in advertising to grow our marketing effectiveness and share of voice. So these are the kind of investments that we've been making this year because everything we see in our data and insights says that for -- to ensure that we come out at the end of the COVID environment in a stronger position than we went in and winning market share, we believe those investments that we're making are critical to that, and they're creating increased separation from some of our traditional peers as we come towards that lapsing that time period with COVID.  Many of those investments are answered at everyday low prices. So I wouldn't necessarily think of all of them as having to be incremental in 2021 versus 2020, because as we cycle those, we'll obviously be layering on new promotions next year, but they are new, and it's not one on top of the other. It's the new calendar of investments that we make. So I wouldn't necessarily think of the investments that we're making having to be dramatically different. There are certainly going to be some unique factors in the model next year when you start to see deleverage in some of the sales measures that they create some headwinds in the model that you cycle, but with the continued improvements that we're driving in sourcing, the continued improvements that we expect to drive within media revenue, within alternative profits, which went into gross margin, we still feel very good about the balance model that we've shared with you and the investment community around continuing to be able to balance investments with growing customer loyalty and driving overall earnings growth. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Rodney. Ken, I would say that overall, we're seeing, as Rodney mentioned, and you've probably heard us say before, we build our model based on sort of 0.5% to 1% inflation, aligned with Rodney's initial comment. We've been seeing inflation running more in the sort of 2% range, I would say, and slightly up or down, as Rodney mentioned, but generally speaking, in that kind of range. From our perspective, it's obviously hard to predict exactly where inflation goes. We don't see anything in the overall supply chain when you think about food in the system that would cause us to be dramatically different. But there are also risks, obviously, with COVID and what happened in the first quarter around meat, as Rodney also mentioned a moment ago, and there are certainly some produce categories but because of the season have had some supply shortages, too.  But nothing that I would say that would take us dramatically today as we look forward outside of that sort of 2%, give or take, range. I think from that perspective, as Rodney said, we always look for ways to mitigate that wherever we can. Where it's justified and makes sense, then, of course, we look at how would that be passed on to the customer. And really, we try and disconnect between inflation and what makes sense to pass on and then our pricing investments, which are more focused on where do we believe customer is looking for the most value and what's going to drive long-term loyalty. So we really try and make sure that if it makes sense to pass to them, we'll do that. But we're always looking to identify ways in which we can really connect more deeply with the customer and build loyalty at the same time. 
Gary Millerchip: Ken, the only thing I would add to the second part of your question. So when you look at the cadence of sales, last quarter I would say relatively consistent throughout the quarter, give or take a percent within the -- where we landed at the 10.9%, as Rodney mentioned. We certainly saw some variability by West versus Midwest. The West being more elevated, I think, because of some of the greater restrictions that were in place. As we look at the trend in the current quarter, it will be very similar in -- quarter-to-date in Q4 versus where we ended in Q3.  What would be interesting there would be, though, is -- and Rodney alluded to this, was in the first couple of weeks of the quarter, we'd have seen more of that elevated spend in the weaker Thanksgiving, while in any normal environment the week would have been an outstanding week. It wouldn't have been at the same level as sort of a COVID typical week that we've seen. And so the blend of those 3 weeks gets you to looking very similar to where we were in Q3.  And I think to Rodney's point, one of the things that the reason that we've left the guidance range out there is, clearly, we're expecting continued tailwind from executing our strategy and seeing COVID trends continuing food-at-home. But understanding how exactly the holidays play out when you've got 2 more holidays, a bit like Thanksgiving with Christmas and New Year still to come, and then Super Bowl actually fall into our fiscal year this year, whereas it did in the fiscal Q4 last year, and that has a fairly significant impact on sales as well. So how our customers spend holiday gatherings and how big their basket sizes are and how that behavior plays out is still something that will be, I think, interesting to see and evolve over the coming weeks and months. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I think you covered it well, Rodney. The only point I would add, and you said it a moment ago, but as we look at the data over a longer period of time, and obviously, none of us have been through something like a pandemic like this before, but we look at periods where customers go through different economic conditions and different environments, whether that be through short-term, natural disasters that we manage or through a longer-term economic cycle. And our learnings over time are that it's really important to stay true to your values, and it's really important to continue to deliver what the customer expects consistently because over the longer term, it really does show through. And we think that's going to be very important to deliver on that expectation that we have to come out of COVID-19 stronger. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I would say, on incrementality, we're seeing -- and I mentioned some of this in my prepared remarks, but we're seeing very similar consistent patterns in incrementality. It would still be north of 50% in terms of when we look at what customers are buying, when they engage with us digitally. And then we look at it for a longer period of time and look at the categories and the products they were buying from us before engaging in digital, and you combine the total purchasing behavior between store and digital for that customer, we're seeing new categories and new products, and there's a -- on the basket that Rodney mentioned, it was significantly higher. The north of 50% of that basket is incremental when we look at the customers' shopping behavior over a longer period of time. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. I think overall, we think about -- I wouldn't get into specifics on the sales numbers because we're going to talk about those, as we mentioned, in our Investor Day. But we do believe when we look at customer behavior and how it's changing and some of the structural changes we're seeing and when we look at in previous economic downturns, which we think they'll still be, as Rodney mentioned, some customers that are going to continue to feel the economic impact of COVID for some time to come. That we would expect our 2-year stack sales to be above the traditional level that our model is built on because of how we're connecting with customers, how we're growing market share and some of those external factors.  As you think specifically around the puts and takes in the model for next year, the areas where I think it would be important to be thinking about, and we'll be sharing more again in March when we provide that additional color, we would be expecting a significant amount of nonrecurring costs into next year, if you think about things like rewards and incentive plans, paying out based on performance in the business. If you think about some of the onetime costs we would have incurred in the early part of COVID. Even if you look at the run rate costs that we're incurring now versus the earlier part of the year, they would be significantly lower as we've optimized our plans and adjusted and by the back half of the year, I'm sure we're all hoping that a vaccine will be in place that starts to change the environment somewhat as well.  So we would absolutely expect certain costs not to flow through into next year. We would expect our profit to continue to be growing. We -- that's not a business area where we expect to see a slowdown in momentum. We continue to see tremendous opportunity for growth. As you know, we've shared, I think, through Restock Kroger on cost savings, we'll deliver $1 billion this year. We delivered $1 billion in 2019 and 2018. They're all incremental on top of each other, and we wouldn't expect that to be the end of the story on cost savings either. So we would be expecting to share additional plans in next year for how we're going to drive continued cost out of the business.  And in the health and wellness space, Rodney mentioned it, but COVID vaccines is certainly an opportunity. But even just more broadly, the pharmacy business, while we've continued to grow our business successfully, it has definitely had some impacts of customers visiting the doctor less frequently and therefore, new scripts being added as would be a headwind versus what potentially becomes a tailwind next year. To your point, we would still expect and contemplate some COVID cost to carry over into next year. We would expect to be continuing to invest in the business, as we always do, to drive loyalty and drive long-term market share gains. We would think fuel will be a headwind likely next year, too, just because of some of the unique circumstances in Q1 this year when you think about the Russia, Saudi Arabia incident that caused prices to get completely in an odd position that drove margins at a level that we're unlikely to repeat. So I think there's a lot of moving parts in next year, and that's why we think it's important that we provide you with a much fuller picture in March when we feel like we've got clarity on what the full picture looks like for next year. But overall, we feel very confident in our ability to -- on a 2-year basis, the earnings per share growth on a compounded rate and ID sales growth, though, to be ahead of where we would have expected our TSR model we shared in November last year. 
