W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We are in this for the long term whether it is our sustainability initiatives, job creation or return to shareholders. None of these are short-term ventures or quick fixes. We've been through business cycles like this before, and we know the best and right thing to do is to deliver on our promise today while investing for the future. We are as committed as ever to our Customer 1st Strategy, and we are confident that we will continue to deliver long-term value for shareholders. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Well, the -- thanks. The -- it's a great question, and it's a little hard to answer because each category would be a little different. And if you look at some of the beef and pork categories, people are moving back into those categories in a very, very strong way, and we have incredible tonnage growth in those areas. So the elasticity, you have tons. Other categories where people kind of buy what they need all the time anyway, you don't see as much. So if you think about eggs, for an example, people only eat a certain number of eggs. But some of the other categories would be a little different. The other thing that's always hard is getting your message out because -- it's fascinating. In our research, most people are saying their basket of goods cost more money, but we, in fact, know that it isn't. So helping the customer see that is always a challenge for us and our competitors as well. Go ahead, John. 
W. McMullen: And when you look at the competition, it's kind of the same as what we've always had in each -- one of the -- what do they say in each short statement in economics is wrong because if you look across the country, you have competitors doing all kinds of different things depending on what's going on in their business and what's going on in that part of the country. So there really isn't a consistency to it that I would say it's completely different today than before. 
W. McMullen: The -- I guess, I'm a little -- I wouldn't be quite as aggressive on saying people are being irrational because I don't see anything that is different today than when you go back and look at it over the last year or 3 years or 5 years. And you always have certain pockets where people are doing something different than overall. I'm just trying to think from a Labor Day standpoint and some of the ads, I wouldn't say that there was something drastically different than what... 
W. McMullen: Yes. And you're going to put in the ad the things that the customers want for that period of time. And to your comment, certainly, people grill out a lot more on that weekend just because it's kind of the last major weekend of summer. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at competitors, the thing that you really have to look at is you have to look at across the whole country. You can't just look at one particular area. So to say that there's something drastically different, I wouldn't define it as that. As you know, we have a basket of goods that we look at on almost a weekly basis in terms of how is our pricing relative to our strategy and relative to our competition. And we really haven't seen drastic changes in that relative pricing in those basket of goods, and we haven't for a long period of time. The other thing, I think it's always incredibly important for us to remember, and this is as much inside the company as external, is the customer decides where to shop, and price is only one element of that decision on where to price. They also look at the fresh -- the quality of the fresh departments. What are the products that are being offered, what's the variety there. And then a really critical part is how do the associates engage and how are they treated and how long does it take to -- when you're in line and those elements. And we continue to make great progress on those elements, and our customers continue to tell us it's really important for them as they decide where to shop. And that's -- as you know, years ago, that's the reason we started the Customer 1st Strategy. It's also the reason why we continue to execute the Customer 1st Strategy. If you look at what's within it, though, it has changed over time as customers change. So if you look at natural and organics, when we started the journey, natural and organics really wasn't a critical part of the product strategy. Today, it's incredibly important. And I don't know, Mike, it's probably, what, 10% or a little over 10% of our business when you look at it in total. 
W. McMullen: So those are -- elements, I think, are equally important. When you look at where we are so far in the third quarter, obviously, we're early in the quarter. We would be at the low end of the range on identical sales growth, but we're still very early in the quarter. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And when you look at from most of the elements we can see at this moment, we would expect it to look pretty similar to '09. If you look at back in '09, the identicals would be similar. I think we were at 1.3% and 1.8% or something like that. I don't remember for sure. 
W. McMullen: Yes. So both of those would be within the range where we've given for the balance of the year. We would certainly expect -- typically, you do see a little bit more promotional activity early in inflation cycles just because the competitors think they're losing share versus it's a fact that it's deflation. And we would certainly include some of those elements in terms of where we expected things to be for the balance of the year. But everything that we can see, '09 would be the most similar. And if you look at '09, there were 3 quarters of deflation. If you go back and actually look at 2002, there were 4 quarters of deflation. So those are kind of the points that we're using for references. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's kind of fascinating, your question. I mean, if you look at over the last 8 or 9 years, if you look at inflation on a rolling 5-year basis, the range is 2% to 3% on a rolling 5 years. Now if you look at it in terms of swings, we had deflation of basically 1% or so, and this includes pharmacy, I should add, up to inflation of 6%. And the high inflation actually happened, as you referenced, in '08, and it also happened in '11. So to say that it's different this time, I mean, each one of us would have our own opinions. An awful lot of deflation/inflation is driven by what's going on in commodity markets, and most of the commodity markets are incredibly benign at the moment. And historically, I always like to say high prices solve high prices and low prices solve low prices because capacity will start changing. And if you look at farmers, they're very smart, and they'll start producing less of the things that -- where they don't make money. So historically, that's what caused inflations to swing. And still an awful lot of our business is driven by the commodity markets. If you look at produce, that's just going to be driven by what's the growing season and what's the growing season like. We continue to see good demand. We still continue to see tonnage growth and those elements, and those are the things that we're looking at to see do we think it's different this time. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I'm going to broaden your question a little bit, Shane. For us, corporate brands is a huge, important critical part of our strategy and a very important competitive advantage. And it starts with what products are we offering and what's the quality of those products and the value for those products. We find it always an advantage from a competitive standpoint because if national brands do something that's noneconomic, our corporate brands pick up share. So we find them -- our customers love them, and they vote by buying a lot of them. We also find that it's way of keeping the market honest. We certainly would have an advantage in terms of understanding the true economic cost to produce something, and retail pricing would be based on that true economic cost. 
W. McMullen: Yes, always. And as you know, we always look at the CPG companies as partners. And I obviously go to quite a few meetings where the CPG partners and Kroger meet. And a lot of times, it's hard to figure out who works for who, which I view as a positive. Both of us are trying to drive volume and trying to drive profitability, and most of the CPG teams have a responsibility for part of our profit as well. So I don't see those discussions changing. There are healthy respect, but there are also healthy negotiations that go on. And I don't sense a change in that basic approach. And the other thing that we always feel that we are able to provide the best insights for CPG companies on introducing new items, what's the success, what customers are buying, and we try to work with those partners to grow their business as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at the areas that we would consider discretionary like high-value wine, Boar's Head, Starbucks, Murray's Cheese, all of those areas, they continue to have nice growth. The comments I made are more based on the surveys that we -- where we survey customers almost every day and the changes in terms of what the customers tell us they anticipate will happen. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you'd look at how long it lasts, the only insight that I could provide is the comment I made a little earlier. If you go back and look at 2009, it was 3 quarters. If you go back to 2002, it was 4 quarters. We've had inflation every quarter other than those since the first quarter of 2002 as how far back we went. On terms of moderating, as you get toward the latter part of the year and early next year, you're starting to cycle the deflation. So I would -- certainly, we would guess that it would start to moderate just because you're starting to cycle some of the deflation. And an awful lot of the deflation is driven because of commodity pricing. And that would be the reason why -- that we would believe that it would start moderating. And then when you start cycling, it was -- we don't expect it to be negative on top of negative for a long period of time. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Stephen, if you don't mind asking the question again because all of a sudden, we had extra voice in the room. 
W. McMullen: I would certainly say a big piece of that is the compare to last year. Last year, in the third quarter, we had 5.4% ID sales. So when you look at the deflation we've had since then compared to that compare, it's really a little bit of a compounding effect as we begin the third quarter here. Keep in mind, last year's fourth quarter was 3.7% IDs, so the compare starts to moderate a little bit as well. And that just -- it's the range we feel that, at this point, where we think we would wind up in. 
W. McMullen: Well, it's certainly -- when you look at the total health and wellness strategy, we are very excited about the opportunities there. Obviously, all of us baby boomers keep getting older and the new generations as well, and it creates higher demand for pharmaceuticals and other things. So it's an area that we like. It's an area where we believe we have a unique competitive advantage just because we can start helping customers eat healthier as well, and that's something that's a positive in terms of the overall connection with the customer. And when you look at all the pieces together, we think it's a great opportunity to create sum of all parts where a customer can engage with us in a physical facility, online or through the specialty drug channel and then we can leverage across and then the Little Clinic helps as well. So we really get excited about the opportunities. And the other thing that we really like is that customer is very loyal as well. 
W. McMullen: When you look at the surveys overall, first of all, SNAP continues to decline and it has for the last -- I'm going off of memory, and then Mike, if you remember the exact number, but I want to say like 1.5 years or so that it's been declining. 
W. McMullen: The biggest effect will probably be in terms of net new stores. If you just make blanket statements in terms of where will it -- but it'll be a little of everything, but that's probably the biggest bucket. 
W. McMullen: I would challenge your comment because first of all, we would not publicly say what we're going to do from a competitive standpoint in advance of doing it because I think the FTC would probably get a little upset with us along with, I know, our general counsel would be. And I did not say that we would be comfortable with any specific number, and you were the -- and you gave the specific numbers that you speculate what that is. I would go back to the comments that Mike and I made before. We continue to execute our strategy. There's parts of the strategy that's more important than just price. It really is everything all together. To say, to react to specific comments, I think, would be very difficult. And how you look at a basket of goods may be different than how a customer looks at a basket of goods as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, the -- looking at market share gains, I don't think it's -- the data isn't quick enough to be able to answer where we are so far in the third quarter on market share gains. And I actually couldn't answer the question because we wouldn't have the data yet from the market. And we look at market share by looking at Nielsen data, IRI data and other sources. 
W. McMullen: Yes, but if you look within grocery, it's heavily driven by the dairy category, which is obviously mostly milk. Eggs is a huge part of that. So if you look at the acceleration, it's really being driven by a few select items within it. 
W. McMullen: It would only be in terms of the areas that are commodity driven. So if you look at eggs, eggs is kind of fascinating because there wasn't as much inflation a year ago in eggs that were organic eggs. So the deflation there isn't as much. It's because they didn't inflate as much. Milk would be a little bit. But if you look at the alternatives in terms of grain-based milks, really not so much there. I don't know, Mike, any... 
W. McMullen: And it would continue to be growing at close to double digits, especially if you don't include chicken because there's quite a bit of deflation in chicken right now. 
W. McMullen: I wouldn't feel comfortable telling you the specific time until we give 2017 guidance. So -- and I don't want to think we want to go ahead and give '17 guidance now. And we really look at it over a rolling 3-  to 5-year period of time. And if you look at it historically, we've actually grown in -- well in excess of the 11% over a 3-year period of time and a 5-year period of time, both on the quarter and the annual basis. So it really is -- when you look at the overall ability to connect with the customers, that's why we feel comfortable with that 8% to 11%. We still see tremendous opportunities to improve the way we connect with customers and the way we run our business. And you guys hear me say often that our to-do list remains bigger than our done list, and that certainly remains the case. And that's the reason why we remain confident in the 8% to 11% plus a dividend that's increasing over time, is that we still see plenty of opportunities to grow the business, connect with the customer in a deeper way and to continue to run our business better. And it's one of the things that's exciting every time you figure out something that you could do better and you do it, it helps you learn how to do something else better. So that's the reason why we get excited. At this point, I wouldn't feel comfortable to give you the specific period of time and obviously, at some point, we'll give some guidance on '17, but it's really too early at this point. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Alvin. Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. I want to thank the many associates sharing in the Kroger journey. We have 6 generations working with us today. Each associate makes a unique contribution. You bring your energy and ideas, your experiences and expertise. We are a better company because you've made Kroger the place where you want to be and work. Even as we've grown and gotten bigger as a company, I know that when the doors open and the lights go on at our stores, offices, distribution centers and manufacturing facilities, everyone is giving their best to our customers, our company and each other. That means a lot and that will make all the difference. Thank you for everything that you do for our customers every day. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: And also keep in mind, the third quarter is a tough compare for us with the -- in the face of deflationary pressures on the top line. It was a mid-5s quarter last year in the third quarter. So combination of a very strong ID sales quarter last year and deflation last year is certainly a factor on where we are and where we'll wind up. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We did not provide a point estimate or a range in our 8-K that we filed this morning. We only talked about the fact that we expect to see product cost deflation for the balance of the year. And as Rodney said, it could extend into early next year as well in his prepared comments. 
J. Schlotman: We continue to be very pleased with our tonnage growth. It's positive. There's a lot of things that go on inside tonnage growth. There's mixed pack changes. There are certain categories where we've gone to multipack units, bigger selling units of multiple items in the same package. We continue to be very, very bullish about our ability to grow tonnage. Rather, we try to avoid giving an exact measure because it's much as an art as a science, but it's something we're fundamentally focused on. We had nice tonnage growth, and we continue to have market share growth in the quarter as well. 
J. Schlotman: So yes, a little less than 1%, including pharmacy; 1.25%, excluding pharmacy; and grocery was about 1.5% negative. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we see a little bit of everything out there. And as Rodney said a few minutes ago, our -- over the breadth of the geographies we have, you see a variety of everything. You see people in certain -- even if they're a broad-based retailer, you see them doing things in one geography and not other geographies, and then you see regionals doing particular things in and out of different promotions and then other people continuing to make investments in price. And we did a little bit of all those as well. We put out a circular, sometimes weekly, sometimes for a couple of weeks, and we continue to invest in everyday price as well, so it's really no different. I think the thing to keep in mind is, we don't always necessarily just react to what particular competitors are doing with our relationship with 84.51°. We put significantly more science behind how and when we make price investments, whether it's promotional activity or a permanent price reduction. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we've obviously done a lot of work at this point in the year to pare back capital spending in the current fiscal year because you have projects in the pipeline. There are certain projects that will slide into the next fiscal year and then projects from '17 that will slide into '18 probably. And I'll remind you that our -- a few of the $500 million reduction is for this year and next year -- well, [ph] for this year and then keeping the next year in the same range as this year. We just think it's prudent in this environment to maintain and increase our financial flexibility to respond to the environment that's out there and to have that incremental cash to be able to spend. Our view is there will always be a significant number of projects in the pipeline, and we're comfortable we're going to be able to do the projects we have the highest level of confidence in and get those built while maintaining as much financial flexibility as we can. It's not concentrated in any one geography, particularly this year. Frankly, some of it was where did we have stores we're not legally committed to open or start projects on, and we feel very good about -- that level of spending will still be a record year for spending. So it's not -- and it's a very substantial investment in the business. 
J. Schlotman: I agree. And just keep in mind, when you think about what competitors are doing, it's not like our prices have remained stable or increased. We continue to invest in price as well. 
J. Schlotman: One of the other things that continues to fascinate me with all the conversation about investing in price or not investing in price, 18 months ago, all the questions I was getting is, why do you guys continue to invest in price, why don't you let your gross margins go up? You've closed the gap everywhere, now you can reap the benefits of what you've sown. And we've staunchly said for years we're going to continue to invest in price because if you look at any segment of retailing, over any period of time, gross margins always decline, and we'll continue to maintain our financial flexibility and execute our Customer 1st Strategy of investing not only in price, but the 3 other elements of it as well. 
J. Schlotman: It certainly did pick up in the grocery category in the second quarter as far as more deflation. The other thing that's happened, and I said this actually earlier today when I was on CNBC, if you look at produce, it wasn't deflationary in the quarter, but it was -- there was disinflation in produce in the second quarter. So it was less inflationary in the second quarter than the first quarter, so we were -- it's fairly broad-based. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, we continue to be thrilled with Simple Truth. It continues to grow as a brand. More and more households continue to enter into the category and stay in the category. Our corporate brand folks continue to do a great job of expanding the category with incremental products in the category as well. It's really the cornerstone of our natural and organic program. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. It's purely driven by how many stock options wind up getting exercised in any time frame and a reclassification from an accounting standpoint where the benefit of that goes in the financial statements. 
J. Schlotman: Our view for the rest of the year is it will continue to -- on a rolling 4 quarters basis, it will continue to trend down from where we finish the quarter, and I wouldn't see that expectation any different. We had a very, very strong fuel quarter last year. It's actually held up better so far this year than we thought. We finished the rolling 4 quarters at the end of the second quarter at $0.184. That was down $0.002 from last year. We would expect that downward trend to continue a little. 
Scott Mushkin: So I'm kind of just sitting back and listening to the call and trying to compared it to what we're seeing out in the marketplace and there's definitely just a little bit of a disconnect. I mean, you have your biggest competitor, Walmart, that's on the record. They were just at the Goldman Sachs conference, and I'm sure you guys see the research. I mean, they're clearly moving on price in certain geographies and have said that they are going to continue to do that. And we can also see the market share moving pretty quickly towards them. Then we saw Albertsons, your second biggest competitor, lowering price pretty aggressively, not all geographies but in several of yours. But you guys say you don't see anything different. So I mean, are you hoping they just don't keep coming at you? I mean, we do see your comps now at about 0.5%, and it seems like the market share has -- your market share gains have ebbed. So I'm just trying to understand the strategy a little bit better. 
Scott Mushkin: So I mean, I guess, last quarter, I asked Rodney that -- if Walmart did follow through, what would you do? Would you continue to keep your gap where it's gone, which is lower? It's been lower over the last several years, it's pretty narrow in the mid-single digits in a lot of markets, not every market. It seems like now, you're -- seem okay at least in certain markets with that gap to move up maybe back into the mid-teens, and I'm just again, I would push on why. 
Scott Mushkin: And then just one last quick one. Are you guys happy with where your market share gains are so far in the third quarter? And then I'll yield. 
