W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. 2015 was an outstanding year. We delivered on our performance targets, grew market share, created 9,000 new jobs and even more opportunities for our associates, and we continue to expand the use of our technology to drive growth. We look forward to continuing that momentum in 2016. Obviously, lower inflation will be a headwind to sales, but when you look at -- back over the past several years, we've had periods of high and low inflation, and we've shown that regardless of the environment, we consistently do our job to manage through it and maintain relative pricing. In doing so, we'll continue to deliver greater value for our customers and for our shareholders.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Scott. When you look at long-term, and if you look at several of the changes we've made over the last couple of years, it is really merging with people that have expertise in some of those areas so that we could bring that within Kroger. And what we're really working hard on, and I mentioned it in my comments, is trying to create it where it's a seamless experience for our customer. By no means do I think we've arrived, but what we're finding is some customers like to engage with us multiple ways, and we're really striving to make sure that we have a model where we can let the customer decide how they want to engage with us versus us deciding that. So it's an exciting time to be in the industry. There's no doubt there's a lot of change going on. And the changes that we've been making over the last couple of years, we feel really good about positioning us to address where the customer is headed versus where they've been. 
W. McMullen: It's really wouldn't -- if you think about the comments that we make on merger opportunities over the last 5 or 10 years, everybody should assume that we look at most opportunities, especially if it's in the U.S. We're really looking for companies that bring something to us that we don't have today. One of the things that we loved about merging with Roundy's was, as you -- as everybody knows, that we were looking at going into a new market. By merging with Roundy's, it allowed us to go into Chicago with a business that -- Mariano's had done a phenomenal job -- has done a phenomenal job on connecting with customers, and their market share is in the low teens. And they entered that market in 2010. So we felt like we could learn a lot, plus we started out a position of strength because of the success they've had. When you look at Wisconsin, Pick 'n Save and Copps has great market share across the state. We love Wisconsin. We -- it's a market that we really like, and we look forward to operating in it. So it's really our partnership and synergies that we felt like we could bring to Roundy's and the strength that they have that we could improve from where everything was. So it's a little different than a completely typical thing, how we've merged it with somebody. But I wouldn't -- I don't think you should read into that, that our strategies have just fundamentally changed in terms of the way we approach things. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And that's a good point, Mike. There is no doubt if we didn't feel great about the real estate, we would not have embarked on merging with Roundy's. 
W. McMullen: And on the identical piece, I mentioned that mergers in total, if you look at our guidance we gave, you should assume about 40 to 50 basis points is the impact from the mergers that we've done. 
W. McMullen: The -- we think it's always important to be trying different approaches to connecting with customers. As you know, we've had phenomenal success in natural and organic over the last several years, and we really see customers continuing to see that as important. But with that said, there are certain items where the customer still wants to buy every day stuff. And when you look at Main & Vine, what we're trying to do is to merge those 2 pieces but connect at a local level a little deeper than we normally would. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at Main & Vine and Ruler, they are definitely targeted to a different customer. So I would agree with your comment completely. On Ruler, we're still trying to understand the economics of the model to get to where it actually performs at an ROIC that we're happy with. We continue to make progress, but we do not think we'd figured it out. We have a tremendous amount of respect for all the Lidl as well. We've spent as much time in Lidl stores as we have Ruler -- or as all these stores over the years. And Lidl has done a great job when you look at a lot of the European countries. So we have a lot of respect for those formats. There are certain customers that we believe likes to shop in that environment. Everything we can tell, it's not all customers. This is a customer segment, and what we're trying to do is to serve that segment. And if you look at Main & Vine, it's the same thing. There's a customer segment that we don't think anybody out there is really serving. And we're trying to identify a model that will serve that customer. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at Main & Vine, it's very, very early, and we only have one store and it's only been open a few weeks. From a customer demographics, we would be looking more at a customer that would be overly influenced on speed and convenience for dinner and a little bit more bent for natural and organic. So that would be the customer that we will be looking for, and it would be driven by -- more by that than economics.  Thanks, Meredith. And I know -- I think this is your last call. Really appreciate you following us over the years, and best wishes on the beautiful retirement. And thank you for the partnership with Kroger, and thank you for the friendship. 
W. McMullen: And one other thing I would just add, and this is a Kroger comment, yes, we've invested a lot in our Fresh departments, especially this year, and we've invested a lot in labor to improve the experience for our customers. I know our customers are giving us good feedback on what we've done. I think every competitor is really working hard to get better, and the customer's telling us, the changes we're making, they like what we do. 
W. McMullen: And when you look at the year overall, we would expect to be able to continue to manage for our costs are going down. And we have a ton of process changes that we're working on to take cost out of the business. 
W. McMullen: If you look at quarter-to-date on identicals, it would be a little bit below the bottom of the range. That's consistent with where we thought we would be at this point. The weather -- the cycling of weather continues to be -- because we just basically had no weather benefits, but if you look at where we are, it's consistent with where we thought we would be so far. 
W. McMullen: When you look at it on a cash flow, we've also made great progress on improving working capital, which is funding part of it as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, we would certainly expect, over time, that there would be more of the brands -- bigger brands, would sell to us when those companies understand that we're going to treat their brand and respect their brand and support it just like they do. And we partner with a ton of great branded companies out there. And what we believe we can do over time is to show them that we're going to take care and grow and support their brand just like they do.  If you look at the nonfood side of the marketplace store, we think it will continue to evolve over time. So it's one of those things where what we do today is different than what we did 2 years ago. What customers tell us is they like what we do today better than we did 2 years ago. But we still think there's still -- it will never stop evolving. But as you know, when you look at the grocery side, it doesn't stop evolving either. And customers give us good feedback on that side of the store because it's things they pick up because they find a great value for what they find, that's something at a very reasonable price. 
W. McMullen: We really feel good about the people. And as you know, Roundy's was -- had a tremendous amount of debt, which really didn't give them the financial flexibility to do some of the things they would've liked to have done. And we really -- the associates on Roundy's, they care so much about the customers. The senior leadership really does want to support the stores on improving the experience for customers. So that's one area where I thought we would feel good about, but I actually feel even better than what we thought going in. 
W. McMullen: Well, probably the biggest thing that would be easy is if you look at the Fresh departments, the amount of space dedicated to Fresh departments would be very high. The other thing that we would do is really try to make sure we're doing all we can to support local food suppliers. So local coffee, local cheeses, local bakery, those items.  If you look at the grocery side, that would really be -- there would be Simple Truth in the store, but there would also be a lot of natural and organic. I don't -- and I guess, the other departments that would be a little bit expanded would be on the health and wellness and cosmetics and some of those things and even supporting the local community.  Mike just made another point to me that we used our 84.51° insights to what to carry in the store and how to set the store. So -- and it's a store where we've completely used the data to determine that. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And remember, the other comment I made earlier is we would expect inflation to be lower in the early part of the year and higher at later part of the year. But when you look at inflation overall, we've operated our business in low inflation and high inflation, and we've been successful in both environments. 
W. McMullen: Yes, the -- I'll go back to what I said before. You shouldn't expect the way we would look at merging any different today than over the last several years. And as you mentioned in your comments, you should assume that we would look at most things; and I add a second ago in the U.S. So you shouldn't think that all of a sudden, you're going to see us in some place that we have no knowledge or no synergies. On the capability, I mean, we're really looking at things that are in our core business. So I mean, we're in the food business and we're in the health and wellness business. So I mean, those are the areas where we're going to be focused on; how do we get a deeper and better connection with our customers. So you shouldn't assume something that's out in left field. 
W. McMullen: We've done a ton of work on research and working with the Roundy's team to try to understand the customer and understand the customer wants and needs. And the plan will actually be starting to execute against our understanding of the customer wants and needs. And some of it will be test and some of it will be to go do it. 
W. McMullen: The short answer is yes, and I'm trying to figure out a way to give -- help you give insight without giving away something that our competitors wouldn't know about. There are several projects that we have underway. Technology and process change would be a big part of those. And if you look at the things for '16, there would be an executed [indiscernible], and we're actually starting to work on some of the things that we'll do in '17 as well. 
W. McMullen: Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. As you know, a lot of our associates listen into the call each quarter. Our strong results in 2015 are the result of your hard work and dedication to our customers, each other and the communities that we serve. I want to thank each of you for what you do every day to make a difference for our customers. Sometimes even simple things make someone's day brighter, like when Kroger associates in Tennessee worked with a community partner to deliver flowers to seniors, or when our Fry's team celebrated a special customer's 101st birthday at a Tucson store. Just awesome.  Our customers appreciate your thoughtfulness. Keep up the great work. Across the country, we continue to listen to our associates' feedback. In addition to solid pay, healthcare, pension and other benefits, you told us that work-life balance is important, too. That's why we are introducing advance notice work schedules for associates working in our stores. This means associates will have their work schedule further in advance every time. This is designed to help you plan and manage other important things such as school, family and other events and responsibilities; 14 of our retail divisions have introduced this or are doing so now. And several others will have launched by the end of the first quarter. We work closely with our union locals who introduced this. So far, feedback from our associates have been very positive.  As always, thank you, again, for your continued commitment to Kroger and our customers. That completes today's call. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Our volume continues to hold up very well, Scott. When you look at -- even coming into this year, when you look at shipments, case shipments, out of our warehouses to replenish our stores, it remains very, very strong. When -- if you go back to the commentary I had on the meat department, some of the categories, as we say, it's good deflation because we're getting back to retail price points where the customers can buy a lot more of our product. And while for the time being, it's a slight headwind to sales when you just look at the top line, with the number of units we're selling at a good gross profit dollar rate per item, we're generating significantly more gross profit dollars. When you look at the fourth quarter overall, you have to keep in mind a few things about your commentary about late in the quarter. We had significant snow events during last year's fourth quarter as well as the Super Bowl shifting from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. And those on top of a department, like meat with the deflation, certainly play a factor in what the sales percentage growth is, but the unit growth continues to be very strong. 
J. Schlotman: I think the biggest change was that we had almost no weather at all in the quarter. Inflation ended up being a little bit lower than what we expected, but I think that by far, the biggest part would be the weather. And basically, we had no benefit of weather in the fourth quarter, and most of that would have obviously shown up in -- later in the quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Just give me one second or whatever. It's about 60 basis points overall, but there's a lot of variability in that number. As I said in my prepared comments, the meat department was deflationary, deli was deflationary, seafood was deflationary, grocery was a little bit inflationary. So it's a mixed bag overall. And as Rodney said, if you look at produce, it was actually inflationary. So produce has been all over the map this year, deflationary in the first 2 quarters, about flat in the third quarter, now inflationary. And our job is to operate the best we can given the environment we're operating in. And I think we've done a phenomenal job of managing our way through some of the volatility in the commodities that are out there. And in the backdrop of that, pharmacy continues to have inflation, although it declined throughout the year. And at the fourth quarter, at just under 5% inflation, and it started the year at 10%. So it's a wide range of things that have happened throughout the year on the inflationary front. 
J. Schlotman: No, I absolutely agree with you. And you go back into some of the fresh departments, like produce. Produce inflation of almost 6% in the fourth quarter is not a good thing. That means there was probably a short supply of product and the product that was there was not that high of quality. So you really -- you can't just -- one of the things we've been trying to encourage people to do is, don't look at my 60 basis points of inflation. Try to dig down on the different components of it to understand how that can affect our business. 
J. Schlotman: The other thing about Roundy's, particularly in Wisconsin, as Rodney said, not only did they have the very strong market share even though it's declined, the real estate sites they have were phenomenal. And we probably would not have considered a transaction like this if they didn't have outstanding real estate sites where we know we can grow their market share back to where it once was. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, relative to the CapEx, as you know, we talked about our fill-in market strategy back in October of 2012, and we had expected a steady step-up in the CapEx. The guidance at that point in time didn't contemplate a merger with Harris Teeter and then a subsequent merger with Roundy's. Harris Teeter had gone into a new market in the Washington DC, Baltimore area. We continue to fill in those markets with some very attractive sites. Another chunk of the increase in the CapEx is allocating capital to Roundy's, not only to support the plan they had in place, there were a lot of plans they would have had that, given their financial position, they couldn't have executed on. So there are dollars in there for us to go in and refresh and remodel some of their stores to show the folks in Wisconsin what they can expect going forward. The rest of it is really, we didn't start off as quickly on our fill-in strategies as we would've thought in 2012. It took us a little longer to get projects lined up, and we feel comfortable now that the pipeline of projects we have are starting to come to fruition. And the other thing that's in there for Roundy's is probably a little bit of capital for conversions and the like on systems and so forth. 
J. Schlotman: As far as the $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion, we will continue to increase our CapEx, and execute our fill-in strategy so long as we're seeing the performance on the stores we're opening achieve the budgeted expectation so that they become the fuel for the engine. And from a granular standpoint, I don't think I'll get into department-by-department expectations for ID sales. 
J. Schlotman: When you look at the grocery category from an inflation or deflation standpoint in the fourth quarter, it was slightly inflationary. I would remind you that, for us, we categorize milk and the dairy case overall in the grocery category. If you were to take the effect of lower cost and lower retails of milk out, the grocery department would have been closer to 1% inflation. And relative to the competitive environment, we pay attention to every competitor and what they're doing. As Rodney said, we get into a lot of our competitor's stores. I think a lot of this when we travel around, whether it's domestically or internationally, we probably often get into as many or more competitor stores as our own stores to keep an eye on what everybody else is trying to do. But what we really wake up every day trying to do is to make sure we're focused on our customers and understand what our customers want and try to deliver more on that every day. Certainly, in the background is what the competitive landscape is, but with knowledge and understanding we have of what drives our customers, that is our primary focus. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I guess I would answer that as, who knows? I mean, you could have a weather disruption or any number of items that happened during the year. You could have a bumper crop of corn and wheat or a horrible crop of corn and wheat that changes the dynamics of not only the Fresh departments but the Grocery categories. I think we've -- when you look at our own ability or inability to predict where LIFO may wind up, when you're really predicting inflation on one day at the end of the year, the amount of units you'll have, it's just so volatile. Our job is we try to understand what's going on, on a regular basis and make sure we're delivering on our customers' wants and needs. 
J. Schlotman: Well, there's always expense pressures out there. And as I said in the prepared comments, there were some that we would expect to be -- to mitigate and go away over time, most likely by the end of the first quarter, things like the chargebacks from the EMV conversion. We can and will need to do a better job on shrink control. We know that opportunity is out there, and it's staring us in the face. We have some processes and tools that we're testing today that -- to make us more successful in that category. We also understand that, as I said in our labor negotiations, pension and health care costs, there are some that we face that some of our non-union competitors don't face the same extent, and we have to make sure that's front and center as we negotiate the list of contracts I spoke of that are up this year. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I actually agree, Rodney. Our goal is year-over-year to be able to continue to reduce our total operating costs. 
J. Schlotman: I think the -- I don't think this will be the peak year, but it'll be getting close to the peak year. We're going to -- when you talk about 100 major store projects for us, we haven't done that many major projects in quite a while. They will be -- they are typically a drag for a while before they start generating positive EBITDA. So I don't think we're there yet. It's certainly -- when we build our model, we certainly contemplate the effect of our capital program as well as making sure that we continue to get the contribution from those stores that are 1 year or 2 old today that should be throwing off some significant EBITDA to help us manage through the process. 
J. Schlotman: I think if you look at our free cash flow generation over the last several years, I think we're in a good spot relative to being able to continue to execute with -- the expanded CapEx, a strong dividend, and we expect it to grow over time as well as executing a buyback strategy. We would expect to do all 3 of those. 
J. Schlotman: No. I mean, we spent a lot of time in the Wisconsin market before we decided to go ahead with the merger. I don't think -- there's probably not a store in Wisconsin that some member of our senior management team hasn't been in and many of the stores we would have been in multiple times all over the state. We understood -- we had a good understanding of what investments we're going to need to make in infrastructure, what improvements we may need to make from potential resets or incremental hours in stores to better serve customers. So we factored in the things that before we could actually sit down and -- across the table of what we thought we needed to do to bring them back to the market share they once had. 
J. Schlotman: When you look at the quarter to date, it is -- Super Bowl selling was great. But almost every week or, really, every day when we get ID sales, it seems there's some geography that was up against weather last year and no weather this year. That's going to flush itself out. Those things happen occasionally. It's our job to manage through it. Tonnage has remained strong. We feel good about where we're trending on those pieces. I don't think it's an issue from our tonnage or our growth or our customers coming in the store. We saw great trends in the fourth quarter, when we weren't up against weather, when our total households that came to our stores increased, the visits per households in total increased, and units per basket in the fourth quarter increased. And those kinds of things, over time, that's the momentum you want to see going into the new year. So we'll work our way through that. Relative to your question on IDs not where they were, but EPS up, I would go back to my comment on the meat department, where you just can't assume that if ID sales aren't as strong as they were -- that's just a percentage calculation. What you have to understand is what's the cost of that product, what can I sell it for and how many gross profit dollars do I make off of that? In many instances, like meat, because of the pickup in the volume at lower retails, you wind up generating significantly more gross profit dollars, and we would expect that to continue to play out in different categories throughout the year. Think about the effect that's had on milk on the top line. Milk generated a good profit in the year for us. Headwind to reported ID sales -- absolutely. But overall, the generation of profitability in milk was strong for the year. 
J. Schlotman: We have a timeline developed for how we're going to work with the Roundy's team, particularly in Wisconsin. I'm not going to get into what that timeline is. But you should assume it's not just a 2016 effort. It would be very similar to how we've done overall investments at Kroger. And it will be multifaceted over a number of -- over a fairly long-time horizon. I don't think there's anything in our minds that would cause us to delay what we think we need to do at Roundy's because of the current operating environment. We're -- as Rodney said, we're as bullish as we were 6 months ago when we were looking at this. It's only been 2 months. The deal closed December 18, so it's only been, okay, 2.5 months. You certainly didn't disrupt our team or their team during the holiday selling season. So it was really after the first of the year where we first started sitting down one-on-one with them and developing plans and strategies. And we feel very good about what our plans are going forward. 
J. Schlotman: You did a better job of explaining what we were saying. The -- really, that's what we would think is early in the year, we're cycling a little the inflation higher last year, lower this year. We would expect as we get later in the year that we would be a little higher inflation, if you think about the dairy comment that Mike made. We'll soon start cycling lower dairy prices and some of those things. So your comment is absolutely correct on all those pieces. 
J. Schlotman: I agree with you. We aren't going to go too fast and we aren't going to go too slow. And if we were to have a bias towards one or the other, it will be a little bit slower than a little bit too fast because what we have seen in the broad spectrum of M&A out there is when folks go -- try to go a little too fast, they're usually not as successful long-term. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Your -- it has been incredibly strong. As I mentioned it was $1.5 billion brand for us last year. And if you recall, 3 years ago, is when we launched the brand. We're finding very good early results. We're really looking at it more as a lifestyle brand versus narrow or just food and the additional categories we've added, the -- it's been very good initial customer connection. So we really see continued growth opportunity for the brand and probably even stronger than what we would have thought initially. So it's exciting. 
