W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We've never been more determined about our future. We continue to focus on gaining the larger share in the $1.5 trillion U.S. food market. We are working on process changes to lower costs and use those savings to invest in our people, our business and technologies that will enhance Kroger's competitiveness in the future. We will continue to deliver for our customers today while setting the company up for our next phase of growth in Customer 1st innovation. We know that when we deliver for our customers, we create long-term value for our shareholders. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Okay. If you look at the '17 plan, at this point, we would expect probably to open a few less in '17 than '16, but it's not driven by the enthusiasm for ClickList. It's driven by finding stores with the space in it and incorporating it, and getting zoning changes and anything else that we need to do. One of the things -- probably, the biggest learning that's at least been a surprise to me, probably not for others, is customers continue to shop inside the store even when they become a ClickList customer. And they'll buy certain products via ClickList, but they still come into the store. If you look at the more mature locations, you can start seeing more financially, they start getting to the point where we're really indifferent in terms of whether somebody shops in store or online. Obviously, that's just the early ones that have been opened more at Harris Teeter than at Kroger. So we continue to have that headwind, and we'll continue to have that headwind in '17 just because the sheer number that we're opening and the number that we opened late in 2016. But they continue to mature, and we can clearly see at a point where we're actually indifferent on how the customer shops with us. 
W. McMullen: I'll let Mark -- Mike talk about the quarter stuff. But on the -- if you look at the gross, it's really a combination of several things. Some would be driven by pharmacy continues to be a headwind on gross. Other areas there, we have definitely become more promotional and more aggressive on some pricing as our sales were softer. So it's really both of those elements together. Mike, I'll let you answer the quarter comment. 
W. McMullen: If you -- one of the comments that Mike mentioned in his prepared remarks was when you look at our loyal shopper, we actually had positive identicals with our loyal shoppers. So it's really the customer that isn't very loyal to us. It's where we're seeing it. That would be more driven by value shoppers or shoppers on a budget than mainstream and customers that really value the experience and the freshness of our product and other aspects. 
W. McMullen: Yes. We're really not seeing it from that aspect at all. And the other thing I think is important to note, we aggressively increased the amount of capital we were spending and increased the number of stores that we were relocating and remodeling, and Mike mentioned it. But if you look at about 35 stores we relocated or expanded, which took them out of the identical calculation, which actually hurt our total company identicals by 70 basis points. So I think that's the other thing that's important to remember. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And the other thing that Mike mentioned in his prepared comments, if you look at the range of estimated capital investment in '17 is lower than '16 as well. 
W. McMullen: As we mentioned in our prepared comments, we do expect the market to get more competitive. We've assumed that for a long period of time. We continue to see great opportunities for process change in taking costs out of the business. And the last couple of calls, I've mentioned that we're definitely down on those. In the fourth quarter, we made more progress on those than we did in the third quarter, and you can begin to see some of those things paying some fruit. As Mike mentioned, we're starting to cycle actual deflation. We think the first part of the year will still look an awful lot like third and fourth quarter. But once you get to third quarter, you start cycling some of those strong deflationary numbers and wouldn't see it. The other thing that I think is important to note, if you look at cost of goods, there's all kinds of things that we are doing to finance and pay for some of that through cost of goods savings and other pieces of the business as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. On the promotions by category, we would use our 84.51° insights for that, and it would really be different by customer. Some of it would be things that you would do personalized one-on-one. So it actually -- and if you go into the store from checking the retail price, you wouldn't see it because its offers that are made directly to customers, some via coupons. It's all of the above because different customers react different ways to different promotions. So it's becoming an increasingly personalized offers based on what that particular customer wants and desires are, and it would be a mix of national brand, Corporate Brands and fresh product and others, so it's really a mix. On the comp by quarter, Mike, I'll let you... 
W. McMullen: If you look at during the quarter, it started out slow when we had the earnings call. It actually during the holidays improved. And in January, it slowed down again. So if you look at during the quarter, that's kind of a cadence within the quarter. I always hate to use weather as an excuse, but we had absolutely no weather benefits this year. Now the negative of that was we had no weather benefits. The positive is next year, if we have any weather at all, we cycle that. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And then tonnage growth cadence remained positive, but it's because of the deflation. But obviously, around the holidays is stronger than the 2 sides of the holiday. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Very -- they were very broad-based. And anything like -- anything that we would do, we would use our insights to decide what our approach is. 
W. McMullen: I wouldn't say changes since the quarter ended. I would say that we definitely are seeing some pricing in certain pockets. I've never tried to calculate it on a percentage basis, but any point in time, you will always have competitors doing things from a pricing standpoint. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Well, it's a pretty small test. We're early in the process. And the same comment that I made earlier about -- on ClickList, it's a headwind, but you can see, as they mature, it becomes where we're neutral in terms of how customer engages with us. In terms of specific numbers that we would expect for this year, we're not to the point where we'd be willing to share it other than obviously, we're working hard to scale it if it makes sense in ways that it makes sense. 
W. McMullen: Well, we would look at all the delivery options together and really leaving it up to customer how they want to engage with us. We'll continue to add items to Vitacost that make sense, and the Simple Truth product is obviously the initial part of that. 
W. McMullen: Yes. On the delayed tax refund, I don't know, Mike. I really don't have very much insight into it. If you look, most of our products aren't as discretionary as some of the other retailers that have talked about it. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And the only exception would be like in Alaska where you get paid to live in Alaska, and it's based on the size of the check, based on fuel profits or gasoline profits for the state. 
W. McMullen: From the pipeline. And that, you can clearly see when the checks go out and the size of the checks. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Well, I'll answer the question a little broader than just one specific competitor. But with the comment that I made earlier, there is no doubt, several competitors are improving and running better stores. So that is really clear when you go into their stores, and it's much broader than just Walmart. In terms of the things that we're doing, we're really doubling down on the customer experience. We're getting even more aggressive on process change and taking costs out where it makes sense to take costs out and improving the competitiveness of our model. So it's -- in terms of what are we doing about it, those would be the things that we're doing about it because what we find is certain customers are interested in price, but all they want is a fair price. They're really, really interested in having fresh produce, fresh meat and a great experience, and those are things that we have competitive advantages on. And we'll continue to focus on that, and our store teams and our folks, our associates across the whole company will continue to focus on those. 
W. McMullen: The -- well, if you look, we would -- I've been around for 30-some years, and I always would tell you that we've always felt that the next 5 years are going to be more competitive than the last 5. I would definitely agree with that comment today. We definitely believe the next 5 will be more competitive than the last 5 because only the strong survive. If you look at in terms of -- we feel very excited about the opportunities that we have to continue to grow our business. And I put it in 2 buckets. Some of it is operational driven where if you look at the historical business that we're in, getting better at that. But if you think about the comments that we -- you hear us increasingly talk about, looking at the opportunity in the $1.5 trillion total food business, we continue to get more and more aggressive in terms of fresh food, fresh food prepared, what's for dinner and picking things up, and that continues to grow well for us. So we really see that, that continues to be a large growth opportunity, and I would say, at the moment, we can see the opportunity more than the things that we're doing. When we were -- when you're out for our Investor Meeting, you saw some of the things we're testing, but we really continue to improve and get better and better about that part of the business. And one of the things that we've been very pleasantly surprised is the willingness that our customers are to eat at one of our stores, and we believe that, that will be an opportunity to grow the business and create a new leg, a platform for growth. So it's really both of those things together. 
W. McMullen: I would say it's kind of the same. If the right opportunity became available, we would be very interested. But we don't -- we haven't changed in terms of we design a model where M&A is not required. And if the right opportunity becomes available, we would sit down and talk to somebody. But it's not something that we're out proactively trying to change that. 
W. McMullen: Well, yes, we continue to see very much where people are increasingly spending money in the fresh departments. So there is no doubt there's a shift in tonnage from the center store to the perimeter of the store, and that's been a long-term shift. And that hasn't changed. If you look at the center store, we would still see tonnage growth there. But remember, natural and organic is part of what's driving that growth, and natural and organic is not -- there's very few public companies where you can just see that by itself. And if you look at even for us, Mike talked about our total natural and organic business at about $16 billion. Our Simple Truth brand by itself is $1.7 billion of that, so over 10%, and those are things that you really don't see in some of the other measures. So the center store has been soft for a long period of time, but we've continued to gain share in the center store, and we also have continued to change the mix of what's inside the center store. 
W. McMullen: Before we end today's call, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. Thank you for continuing to connect with our customers every day. They are rewarding us with their business. With your help, we gained more of the market and improved our customer satisfaction scores in 2016. Thank you for your hard work. For those associates who are choosing to accept the voluntary retirement offer, thank you for your contributions to Kroger. I know for some the decision to retire was not an easy one. You should know Kroger would not be the company it is today without your years of dedicated service. Each of you has made a difference in the lives of our customers, our communities and each other, and we are very grateful for all of your contributions. Thank you. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Sure, John. As I said in the prepared remarks, we do expect the first half of the year to be much like how 2016 ended, and it's really just carrying the current trends out through the first -- as you know, this is a 16-week quarter for us, through those first 16 weeks of the year, and we see the clarity to some of the programs Rodney mentioned. And the fact that we continue to drive unit growth, we do expect to see the recovery in the sales later in the year. 
J. Schlotman: Sure. As I said in the prepared remarks, the -- as we finalize what the expense of that will be, that will be reflected in the first quarter. The offer is not entirely closed. So we won't know until next week exactly how many people ultimately accepted the offer. And there will be varying times when people ultimately retire, so that does go throughout the year as we -- as those folks ultimately retire. Do keep in mind, as I said in the prepared remarks, we do not have the expense of the plan in our estimates. We do have the savings in our plan and they're a portion of what we plan to invest to increase the value proposition for our customers. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I mean, there's a variety of contributing factors. Obviously, going back to the first quarter, we're cycling one of, if not, the strongest quarter from the prior year. We had high teens earnings per share growth. We had 2.4% IDs in the first quarter of last year, so we're up against our toughest compare for one thing. Also, as we go through the year, I'm not going to -- I won't break down gross profit by quarter. We try to stick with ID sales and operating profit. We do plan to continue to make the investments, as I said, in the value proposition for our customers, which we think will continue to drive IDs back into the positive range. 
J. Schlotman: We did not give any specific guidance on the level of buyback we'll do. It'll obviously be dependent on market conditions as well as our board being willing to give us incremental authorization. We will run out of our existing authorization here in the very near term. We've been buying shares since late last year and all through so far this year, off of a grid established in the 10b5-1 plan. So it'll be somewhat predicated on our board giving us incremental authority. 
J. Schlotman: Well, there -- I can tell you, there are a lot of efforts we have under way to reduce our total cost of doing business, and it's in a variety of areas. We can do better on shrink. We can do better on store growth productivity in some areas. We can certainly do better on in-stock in some areas. And one of the great things about being in a company the size and breadth of Kroger is there's not an initiative we have out there that we don't already have a very large group of stores achieving. We don't have to go outside the company and point to competitor X is doing this, so we are. Every metric we have out there for our stores to do better on, we already have a group of stores achieving those results. And as we get better at achieving those over a broader base of stores, that's one of the things that we think is going to give us incremental fuel for the engine to continue to invest in the 4 keys. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I think you're doing what a lot of people do, including this morning when I was on CNBC of mixing inflation and deflation at cost and retail. When we talk about our inflation or deflation, it's our product cost inflation or deflation. You kind of threw in what's going to happen to retail product cost inflation or deflation. Overall, we do think that we'll return to a slightly inflationary environment in the back half of the year. It is interesting to note that despite the fact that we pretty much had, I think Rodney was talking even before we went on the call, it's 9 quarters in a row of deflation. 
J. Schlotman: Either inflation coming down or actual deflation, it's 9 straight quarters now that, that trend line would be down. So it's been obviously fairly persistent. Despite that, even though we had a lot lower pharmacy inflation in the quarter, that still generated a very large LIFO charge. It was offset by other areas that had deflation. So it's a completely mixed bag. Even in the fourth quarter, grocery inflation over the course of the quarter was basically half of what it was in the third quarter. But produce inflation went up 600 basis points or deflation expanded by 600 basis points. It was over 7% deflationary in the quarter. So it's a huge mixed bag of what's out there, and I'm not going to pinpoint an exact number because I've proven over the years that I can predict a totally inaccurate number on inflation or even LIFO. But we continue to manage through the process that we have. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. If you'd repeat your question, I want to make sure I'm answering the question you asked and not what I have in my head. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the comment about we expect the first quarter to look a lot like the first quarter, I guess, would be a little bit of code for ID sales continue to be a little bit negative right now, which means we expect ID sales to recover as we go throughout the year. And that's going back to the questions that we've gotten on the cadence of how we expect to see the underlying EPS as that is predicated on an improvement in ID sales throughout the year. 
J. Schlotman: Sure. Bo and his team out there in Colorado continue to do some exciting things inside their stores. Some of the new stores, they've opened. We're pretty excited about the sales levels that they've been able to generate. Bo continues to look at his book of business in his stores, and they're a very new company. He's learning as he goes, and he continue to make tweaks to his model and stopped doing some things that aren't working and try some new things that seem to have -- to be bearing fruit. But we're very pleased with what we see out of Bo and his team and continue to be enthusiastic about that kind of a format. 
J. Schlotman: It's not something we've talked about a whole lot, and it's one of those things when you -- if you have 3% or 4% IDs and you have a strong capital program and it's 30 or 40 or 50 basis points of headwinds from sister store impacts, the effect of that isn't as dramatic as it is when you're close to a 0 ID sales negative. So we haven't really talked about it. We did in the third quarter -- what did I say? 20 to 30 basis points. 
J. Schlotman: Is what it typically is. So it is a bit higher today because we have been doing more stores. A couple of 3 years ago, we were under $3 billion in capital, and we were above $3.5 billion in capital this year. So we have ramped up our capital spend. We are touching more stores. We're opening more new stores, which caused a sister store impact and expanding and relocating some very strong stores, which continue to perform very well but haven't been brand reopened long enough to be into our identical store base yet. 
J. Schlotman: And when you look at the number of stores we did over the last year compared to 2 or 3 years ago, it's about double, major store projects. 
J. Schlotman: Well, as those stores are open long enough, they will flip back into our ID store base, and we would hope they continue to perform the way they are and be a tailwind to ID sales. And as I said in the prepared comments, we are taking capital down from what we would originally plan to spend in 2017 because we've been guiding folks to think about 2017 and even '18 to be a similar spend level that we did in '16. And most of that will come out of new store and will continue a strong remodel program. So when we remodel a store, it does not come out of IDs. It's only an expansion or a relocation or a net new that winds up affecting it. 
J. Schlotman: I think it'll continue for a while, but it'll decline over time as those stores become identical again. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. And if you look at the prior year, we didn't have much weather either. And in fact, the only one big weather event we had was the last weekend of the year in last year's numbers. So our year ended against the only weather event we had in the prior year with no weather this year. 
J. Schlotman: And Robbie, I would be in Rodney's boat from an insight standpoint. My conclusion, without meeting with some other folks and having a conversation, would be that the timing of those doesn't affect us in a big way like it does other folks because over my time here at Kroger, I've never heard anybody talk about I can't wait till tax refunds drop, so we can get a boost in sales. So it just doesn't -- I agree with what Rodney's conclusion, it's based on what most of what we sell. 
J. Schlotman: And they're year-to-year. But those are all great big Fred Myer stores with a lot of general merchandise. 
J. Schlotman: Well, if you look at the -- if you look at Roundy's overall, we continue to be very happy with what Michael Marx and team are doing in Wisconsin as well as Don Rosanova and team in Chicagoland with the 2 banners. Mike and team have cycled through the first set of store remodels and offerings to the customers. They're now the second market getting remodels completed, and then we'll put a full campaign in that market. And then if we continue to see the positive reaction from the customers from ID sales dollars and units, we would expect to continue to roll that out throughout the state. From an ID sales standpoint, it really didn't affect it very much in the quarter, certainly not as much as it did earlier in the year. 
J. Schlotman: And different category reinventions with coffee and pet and baby where we've totally redone the look and feel of those departments for our customer. 
J. Schlotman: Well, we announced earlier in the year a new relationship with IRI that we didn't talk about a whole lot, and it's really just furthering that relationship with them. And they have a few nuggets of data that Nielsen may not have that we think is going to be helpful to us overall as we look at our volume in the overall food industry, not just the grocery store industry. 
Stephen Tanal: I guess I'd just ask, what you guys are seeing in the competitive environment, to start? Clearly, there's at least some chains that are putting up slightly better comps or better comps, and obviously, versus Nielsen, it looks like you're gaining share. But I wonder what you're seeing, and if you feel like there's a certain customer you may be losing or if there is something you could comment on markets where you're competing with more online challengers. Just any color there in terms of where you think some of the traffic may be headed. 
Stephen Tanal: I see. And I guess, it's safe to say you're probably not seeing all too different in sort of a bigger, denser, more affluent cities that you're in where there are more home delivery options. And I just got one more follow-up on -- one more after that. 
Stephen Tanal: That's helpful. Then I just -- the last one for me, maybe for Mike is, the impact of the early retirement offer on OG&A, if you could sort of quantify that, and perhaps maybe is that ramping through the year? Is that maybe why the year looks a little more back-half-weighted than we would have guessed? Or I think... 
