W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. We are pleased with the third quarter results and the fourth quarter is off to a solid start. Our associates are providing friendly and fresh service to our customers in a seamless way. In addition to Restock Kroger, we outlined our investment thesis at the Investor Day last month and I'd like to share it with you again today because we feel like it really highlights our strengths. As America's growth -- grocer, we are growing in a fragmented market. Kroger has more data than any of our competitors, leading to deep customer knowledge and unparalleled personalization. We have incredibly convenient locations and platforms for pickup and delivery within 1 to 2 miles of our customers. We have a leadership team that combines deep experience with creative new talent. We have the scale to win with more than 60 million households shopping with us annually. In fact, Kroger has been named America's most loved grocery store several times. We connect personally with our associates, customers and communities to uplift and improve lives. We have a proven track record of consistently returning capital to shareholders through an increasing dividend and share buyback program. And with Restock Kroger in place, we are confident in our ability to continue winning with customers, growing our business and creating shareholder value. Now, we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Well, one of the things that you've heard us say for a long time is we will not lose on price and we'll continue to use our data and insights to understand where we should be priced on a basket of goods and individual items. So we will continue using that data to influence and cause us to invest in pricing going forward. As you know, at our Investor Day, Mike outlined that, looking over the next 3 years, we would view over the next 3 years we'll aggressively continue to invest in price and we'll use the savings from all the things that Mike outlined to pay for those continued investments for our customers. I don't know, Mike, if you want to add anything. 
W. McMullen: The one thing that -- first of all, we're very excited about where the tax reform is headed. We're especially excited about the House version because it starts almost immediately where the Senate is delayed a year. We believe it will also influence for us to continue to invest in our business, which will grow jobs. And I think what will end up happening is you'll see us do a balance of everything together, some of it our shareholders will benefit from, some of it our associates will benefit from and our customers will benefit from it as well because we really view that all of it together is what drives a sustainable business that continues improving over time. And as you know, that's been our strategy for a long period of time and we'd really look at this as an opportunity to continue to drive growing our business, creating jobs, being able to share some of that with our associates and customers as well. 
W. McMullen: The -- for us, I felt really good about the balance for the quarter, but I would broaden it a little broader than your example because I would also include cost controls. We're making some improvement on shrink and some other piece -- elements as well. So when I look at the overall balance, I felt good about what we were able to accomplish. At the same time, focusing on investing in some entry-level rates for our associates in several markets as well. The other thing that I liked about the balance for the quarter is it sets us up well going into the fourth quarter as well. On pricing, I remember years ago Joe Pichler told me, on economists, all short statements are wrong. And on the -- if you tell me what you want me to find, I think I can probably find it on pricing across the market. So we would not view that the market is any different today than it was 2 months ago, 5 months ago or whatever. It's really any more -- it's almost store-specific. It's not even market-specific in many cases. I was in a competitor the other day and 3 miles apart, the milk price and egg prices were over $1 per unit different. Sorry. 
W. McMullen: Well, for '18, we haven't given a specific number. And I can tell you, internally we're actually still working on it as you look at the second half of the year. Obviously, in the first quarter and second quarter, we have those lined up. The -- we would continue to get ClickList in every store that we can do and that makes sense. We use our insights to understand in some places it just wouldn't make sense. There are some stores where we would like to have it, but we just don't have the physical space. So your -- one of the things you're trying to do is find the physical space. Operationally, today, we continue to see progress in our operational metrics as it matures and as we use technology to make it easier for our store teams. At the current volume, I don't see huge changes in approach, but that's one of the things that we're so excited about. Our online approach is at a certain point it's -- by far, the most effective way of doing it is in store, but if the volume becomes high enough, it's very easy to transition that over to dark stores and just tie it into our existing infrastructure. So we feel really good about where we are and we feel good about, as the volume changes, we can adjust the model to continue to connect. I don't know, Mike, did you want to... 
W. McMullen: Yes. It helps comps. From an expense standpoint, it's continuing to invest in the future. And as everybody's heard me talk about it before, everything that we have learned and seen on ClickList, it takes 3 to 5 years before we're really indifferent on a financial perspective of whether somebody comes into the store and shops or somebody shops ClickList. And obviously that's the labor that the customer provides on picking their groceries versus us picking it for them, but over time, we continue to grow the business and we get better operationally from an expense standpoint. So if you look at the quarter and if you look at year-on-year, it continues to be incrementally more investment from a P&L standpoint. It helps identicals. All the maturity that we're seeing on some of the early locations continues to have us feel comfortable that in a 3- to 5-year period for a store, you're really indifferent and it just becomes one more offer for the customer and that's really what we're focused on and we pay a lot of attention. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think it's incredibly critical to provide a seamless experience because the customer does still continue to come inside our stores. 
W. McMullen: That's very, very much so. And as you know, when we merged with Harris Teeter and we saw their insights, it's what caused us to aggressively start doing ClickList. And then, we think the only changes we made was asking the Harris Teeter team, if you had to do it over again, what would you differently? Those things we have done, but the patterns that we're seeing would be very similar to what we saw -- what Harris Teeter saw before we merged and what Harris Teeter continues to see. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- if you look at it during the quarter, it was very balanced across the quarter, nothing that would jump out one way or the other. We had traffic growth throughout the quarter. If you look at the household growth and things like that, it was pretty consistent. And we continue to see that so far in the fourth quarter. It's a nice, steady balance moving in the right direction. 
W. McMullen: Well, the -- in terms of delivery, we, in some places, we already offer delivery. The customer request is enough. Going forward, as it becomes something that's more important, we'll be able to leverage it on the infrastructure that we're putting in place for ClickList on delivery. The -- for us, one of the things that -- we like the pharmacy business. It continues to improve and grow because we're able to help people eat healthier as well. And our 84.51° and our pharmacy teams are really working hard. Our health and wellness team is really working hard on how do we help customers eat healthier on their terms because we know the flavor profiles people like. And we're actually doing some things now in testing with our associates. And once our associates give us feedback, then we'll expand and provide that to the customer as well. So we really feel good about the opportunity going forward by leveraging all the insights that we have. 
W. McMullen: We really do try to work with our partners on taking costs out of both of our systems and then giving that to the customer. We're very transparent in terms of the way we're negotiating and why we negotiate what we do. And the data, as Mike mentioned, is incredibly important to understand how does the customer view each item and what's the substitutability across items? And that's how we use what we do, but we do it in a very transparent way. 
W. McMullen: The other thing, as we mentioned last month at the investor meeting, you have a certain amount of resources and we're doubling down on food and making sure that we're doing everything we can on food. We will start addressing things beyond just food. But first of all, we just wanted to make sure that we got food positioned appropriately so. 
W. McMullen: Well, as we mentioned in our call, overall in identicals, we felt good about the progress we continue to make. We continue to focus on improving that. Tonnage improved more than the number. As you know, as customers switch to our Own Brands, the retail price of that item is less as well. So there is some of those things that's within the numbers. Now, with that said, we are not satisfied with where our identicals are and we continue to push to improve our identicals from where we are and see a lot of exciting opportunities to do that. 
W. McMullen: Scott, yes. It's kind of fascinating. So far, if you look at our big stores, they continue to perform very, very well and our customers tell us they like them. Now, one of the things that's incredibly important is what you put inside of that store and how long does it take to shop the store and things like that. And what we have found is actually the flexibility of the store actually allows you to change it a lot. So if you look at how we use the inside of the space, we significantly allocate additional space for fresh departments today versus what we would have 2 or 3 or 4 years ago. It's -- in terms -- you started out your question, do you worry? I worry about everything. But what we're seeing is the customer continues to connect well with that format and what is really important for the customer is the ability to shop inside of a store when they want, the ability to pick up when they want and, in some cases, get it delivered. So it's really all those things together is what our customers are telling us and showing us. In certain parts of the store, the middle is declining, but I can tell you pets and some of those categories are continuing to have great growth. So you don't use the space the same as what used to use it either. 
W. McMullen: The space optimization so far continues to make good progress. If you went to a store that's been changed, if you talk to our store teams, they would give you a whole list of things that they were surprised about what was done and they would also tell you, after they got used to it and the customer got used to it, they actually liked the changes. And there's as many things that's operationally focused as helping to have better variety stay in stock, some of those things for our customers. The allowances that a vendor would give us would not be something that would cause us to affect space optimization, but what -- obviously, we look at profitability by vendor, profitability by item. And whether you carry an item and things like that would be things that you would certainly be in negotiations with. On pricing elasticity, it really depends. Every store would actually have different pricing elasticity as every customer behaves differently. And it's one of the reasons why we think the 84.51° insights are so important and critical is being able to connect with that customer one-on-one versus a group. 
W. McMullen: Well, the look of a Kroger store always evolves over time. And the other day, I was in one of our Marketplace stores that I think the store is 4, 5 years old and we just took a lot of this work from space optimization and put it into the store. So the store wasn't very old, but we made a lot of changes to it. So going forward, I would be -- I would totally expect that to continue to be the case. I believe when you look at -- going forward, you'll see a broader range of physical stores, but customer -- I think you'll continue to have all of the above because if you look at stores where we have a very developed ClickList, there are certain times where customers typically shop more than one of our stores. Sometimes, they'll shop a big store. Sometimes, they'll shop a small store and it really depends on their mission. And they'll use ClickList as well. So we would continue to believe that it's very important to have multiple size stores going forward. 
W. McMullen: Yes. So for us, on delivery, the way that we've partnered, we still have the relationship with a customer and we decide which third party to deliver because the point that you made is the reason that we always want to make sure that the relationship stays with us versus a third party. In terms of -- on some of the other things, why we did it on our own versus partnering with somebody, we would always, when we decide to do something, evaluate and look at whether we should partner with someone or not. It's -- a lot of times, it's finding the right person to partner with and that's usually just as hard as anything else because you have to have somebody that really believes that 2 plus 2 will equal 5 or 10 or something and that you share accordingly and that's always hard to do. So we're always open and we will seek to partner with somebody when they will accelerate what we're doing. So if you think about some of the delivery things, those relationships, the reason we did it is it accelerated what we were able to do. So we're very open to third-party relationships, but it really has to be something that works for both. 
W. McMullen: The -- in terms of our overall digital business, at this point, we would not break out the dollars. It is becoming something that's reasonable in size, but -- and at some point in the future, we will be willing to break it out, but today, we just think -- don't think it's that helpful. In terms of the reason I said a unique relationship, it really was a relationship that we felt that works for us and works for Instacart and it allows both of us to grow our business. I don't know enough about their relationships with other retailers to be able to compare them, but for us, the thing that was really important was something but leveraged their experience in technology and people that leveraged our assets and we kept the relationship with the customer. So that was what we did and it was -- it's unique in terms of we really view that it will help both of us continue to grow our business. Before we end today's call, as you know, I always like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in. To live our purpose pillar of Restock Kroger is what make -- what you make possible every day. By uplifting each other, our customers and our communities, Kroger's Zero Hunger | Zero Waste plan is our vision to end hunger in the communities we call home and eliminate waste across the company by 2025. Last week, the day before Thanksgiving, I had the good fortune to celebrate Friendsgiving with our Roundy's team in Wisconsin. I also had the chance to personally visit a couple of local food pantries plus a really cool, innovative mobile market. And the mobile market is a former NASCAR trailer converted into a fresh grocery store that goes twice a day to underserved neighborhoods around Milwaukee, really cool stuff, really cool partnership. And that's just one example. And as I have the opportunity to be with our team and seeing how much we do in just one division for so many people that's in need, it really takes my personal gratitude to a whole new level. I also happen to know that The Kroger Foundation just donated a brand-new truck to Feeding America Southwest Virginia food bank in our mid-Atlantic region. And it actually came complete with a big red bow for the holidays. I was equally impressed to learn that in only 24 hours on Giving Tuesday, our associates and customers helped us donate over 1 million meals through social media. The generosity of our associates and customers never ceases to amaze me and inspire me. It's just simply wonderful. This is what it really means to live our purpose, to Feed the Human Spirit. Thank you for all you do each and every day. I wish you and your family a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: What I talked about as far as moderation in margins in the fourth quarter was we expect our fuel margins to moderate in the fourth quarter and we've already been seeing that. What happened with gross margins this quarter, the 30 basis points without the fuel, ModernHEALTH and LIFO charge that we talked about in the earnings release, we have become significantly more diligent on lowering our cost of goods and negotiations with our vendors. Our sales mix was very strong in the quarter relative to more natural foods and more Our Brands, which helps drive our margin rate up, and those did offset continued price investments. Our costs -- our inflation at costs is still above our inflation at retail if you go back to the chart I used at the investor conference, but they are beginning to converge and both of them are now on positive territory. I don't want anybody to think we didn't invest in price in the quarter because we certainly did in a very big way and it's really the factors I talked about. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I won't get into the habit of revisiting that chart. They were both over 0. So we did have cost inflation as well as retail price inflation that got passed on, but we didn't pass all of it on. I also won't get into the habit of predicting where gross margins may go on a quarter-to-quarter basis because you never know exactly what negotiations or what benefits may fall in a particular quarter, but we do feel good about the results we posted. 
J. Schlotman: As I sit here today, what I -- so there's 2 components of multiemployer expenses. There is one that we make on a cents per hour basis as part of our contracts to third party plans that we don't manage. We may be a trustee on those. So those will be whatever the hours we work in the contractual rate per hour. My guess is that you would see a slight increase, some increase in that number. I think as you think about contributions to our multiemployer -- to the UFCW plan that I talked about we created 5 years ago, as I sit here today, I would expect that to be slightly less next year than this year given the contribution we just made plus they are having a very nice year from a return on asset basis. 
J. Schlotman: No. I mean, you hit the nail on the head. We have been and will continue to invest in price and we have a lot of plans in place to figure out ways to pay for that. 
J. Schlotman: No. I agree with you and know -- and we obviously announced our relationship with Instacart that we have in Southern California, which will be a prime example of what Rodney said. We're, on average, smaller stores and smaller parking lots. And this is a great solution for a market like that where it's a service that customers want, but the physical assets we have wouldn't support it. 
J. Schlotman: It really doesn't. The -- as we have more opportunities and negotiate more opportunities, if I could get all of these union contracts, I probably wouldn't want to do it in one fell swoop. It's -- like I said in my prepared remarks, it's one step at a time on a big endeavor like this. I would prefer to bring them all on balance sheet, manage the assets myself, get rid of a lot of friction costs. One of the funds we consolidated -- and it was unbelievable the management fees that we're paying because their assets were so low. And as you get a bigger pool of assets going after the same goal, you obviously get better fees. So there's lots of ways that it's reduced our costs. And generally speaking, the rating agencies do get it and understand it. It's -- I'll think out loud just for a second and everybody in the room just kind of looked at me like "Uh-oh", but we've actually talked. Should we start talking about a leverage ratio closer to exactly how the rating agencies do it? So there isn't this disconnect between the 2,and we just put everything out there the way we believe they looked at it. They don't tell you everything, but -- and then, it's not volatile as it seems when we add something. So that's something we're kicking around just to take some of the what seems like a growth in our leverage when it's just moving it from one part to another. 
J. Schlotman: We'll -- I think I would just go back to what our strategy is and we would allocate our -- those proceeds to support all the pillars of our financial strategy, keeping in mind the contribution to the bottom line that those stores did generate as well as the need to get our leverage ratio down some. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the expense that we incurred did not penetrate our insurance deductible. So it was contained at less than the $26 million I spoke of last quarter. It was in the $20 million to $25 million range. And when you think about where the hurricanes hit and where we have stores, while it certainly helped the Houston division sales, the overall effect on the total company, given we have 2,800 stores and 100 or so affected in Texas by the storm, was relatively negligible to the overall number. 
J. Schlotman: We've never really tried to look at it as a power struggle and we really appreciate the partnerships we have with our CPG suppliers. Relative to the fine to the late trucks, it doesn't do us any good to have folks around our warehouse expecting trucks to show up and the truck doesn't show up or that we have orders in for product from our stores and we get a truck from a supplier that doesn't have all of the goods on it we expected it to have on it. And not only are we incurring the cost at the warehouse for those idle workers, but it also winds up affecting sales when we can't fulfill the orders that our stores have asked for and then we can wind up with out of stocks or low stock inside the store. And it's really just trying to strengthen that relationship. If it's supposed to get here today and it's supposed to be a full truckload, you know, get it to us today and make it a full truckload. This isn't within minutes of a window. This is a relatively wide window at this point. And I would say the biggest thing on cost of goods is we've always, at the category manager level, done a really good job of negotiating cost of goods. There had been times when they've made decisions historically that somewhere up the chain in the company we may have overturned a decision they made, which causes them to think, "Well, somebody doesn't have my back when I negotiate really diligently and get us a better cost of goods on a product." I can tell you today, the category manager negotiates a price or a product in our store or not in our store. That decision stands there because they're the ones with all the data and information about how that decision is made. It's all of those decisions are made. We don't just do this, give us the best price or you're out of the store. It's all made with the powerful data of 84.51° behind it to understand consumer preferences and substitutability and things like that. So it's a pretty broad-based approach and I would say those 2 generally are the highlights. 
J. Schlotman: Our ship to home is an evolving process, Scott. And as we said in our conference call and in the prepared remarks, we had a record Black Friday and Fred Meyer had a record Black Friday. And when you talk about TVs, that's a record Black Friday relative to a few years ago where electronics would have been a huge part of their Black Fridays. And it's -- not every customer wants things delivered to their house. There's still a joy and excitement of going out and shopping for things and we'll continue to offer and, over time, offer more opportunities and options for our customers on how they want products delivered. But when you think about this year's Black Friday being a record year, I think folks claiming brick-and-mortar is dead and everything is going to get shipped to home are a little bit ahead of themselves. 
Scott Mushkin: I just wanted to talk about the fourth quarter and general merchandise, a little off topic here. But just wondering if I was going to go and buy a TV or something from Fred Meyer up in Seattle, can I get that delivered? In other words, can I buy it online and have it shipped to my home? I was on the website. It didn't seem like that ability was there and I just wanted to see if it is and I'm missing it, just kind of some sort of clarity. 
Scott Mushkin: Okay. So that is a good transition to my next comment because obviously store traffic for general merchandise was down quite a bit last holiday. It could be down quite a bit this holiday if some of the early numbers are verified. So, I guess, you guys called out the 1.1% comp. And, I guess, from an analyst perspective, when we just say Costco put up, adjusting for a calendar shift, a 7%, some of -- your largest competitor, Walmart, I think told us that their food comps are best they've seen in years and above their 2.7% that they reported. So, I guess, I'm just trying to understand, especially with the gross margins being up so much in the quarter, why your sales seem to be lagging in an economy that's just racing and how you guys want to frame -- would frame it? I mean, clearly, again, some traditional supermarkets are doing okay, but net-net on the entire economy, it doesn't look good at all. And I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on that. 
Scott Mushkin: And, Rodney, do you worry another -- the CEO of Hy-Vee was talking about maybe these big stores don't work. They've stopped going into Minneapolis, with their 90,000 to 105,000 and they're building actually 2 fulfillment centers, e-commerce fulfillment centers. Would you worry a little bit about the asset and that the center of the store is going to transition more and more online? And then, I'll yield. 
