David Dillon: Thanks, Mike. I hope our comments today help outline our view for 2011 and our long-term business objectives. Remember that Kroger's strategy focuses on driving sales through increasingly loyal customers. We continue to grow our business in a difficult operating environment through our focus on all four areas of our Customer 1st strategy, our people, prices, products and shopping experience. Our unique customer insights help us understand and meet each shopper's needs.  In 2010, we achieved solid, positive identical supermarket sales and market share growth, which demonstrates that we can strengthen our business and reward shareholders by placing our customers' needs first.  Now we look forward to your questions.
David Dillon: Well, I think probably the best insight to that is the departments that we identified when sales have grown although there are some of those, for instance, produce that have spotty inflation and means that would have driven some of that, but I think that’s the best indication of where we're growing, for instance, Deli Bakery is a good example. We believe we've improved clearly, our market share, if you could even define market share there, of products, for instance, ready-to-eat products, those are things that often fastfood restaurants offer and other restaurants offer. And you pull some market share from those areas both for convenience and because of price.
David Dillon: And I think maybe the most clear picture are three facts. First is that all of our divisions had identical sales growth. Second is all of our departments had positive identical sales growth and third is that we grew both loyal and nonloyal customers as we calculate those, and that the nonloyals produced a proportionately stronger result.
David Dillon: Well, we highlighted the thousand fuel stations at our supermarkets. And of course, we have many hundreds in our C-stores as well. And the convenience of having our gasoline is actually a big plus at a time when fuel prices are high, people look for having to drive less distance both for fuel and for food. And so we think that actually plays well, and of course, our fuel rewards are some help too.
David Dillon: I think the answer really is a much like what we found as we went into the recession. At first, customers make choices. They go through a rational way of thinking, how do I get through this. And sometimes they trade to different products, sometimes they trade to different retailers, sometimes they completely revise what they decide they're going to consume in their family. But the real advantage for us is the way we're able to get insight into segmented customer groups so that we can see that change of behavior. So for instance, the best illustration of this is that a number of our customers, mainstream and upscale kind of customers, are feeling a little better about the economy. We described that last quarter and it's still true today, things like Starbucks have improved within our stores. More said [ph] has improved, natural food is up strongly and is growing households as an example. So many of those areas continue just like we described before. But those are typically among customers who are feeling a little less affected by the economy. But there are many customers who are more price sensitive, who are greatly affected even still today, high unemployment and food stamps, illustrate that best. And the way we segment customers through our insight data allows us to see more clearly how that behavior changes. So we try to address that both with what we offer on pricing. We try to address that with what we do with our ads. We try to address it in what we offer in the stores.
David Dillon: And I think you also commented, with your comment about what happens with fuel prices and how does that affect behavior? That's important to note. That's one of the factors we have identified for this next year that could cause depending on, which way it goes, could cause a change in how we see the results either at the high end or low end of our results. And it illustrates why we think there's some uncertainty out there that we’ve got to be a little cautious about. But we intend to be flexible, we intend to adjust as we go and we intend to read the market as we go through it in order to make the year come out strong.
David Dillon: And center store, certainly last year, we actually, as many of you, expected to see inflation arise earlier in the year in grocery, for instance, and it didn't. But we do think it's starting, well it obviously is starting to show up now and we do expect that will continue through the year.
David Dillon: Yes, I'd be happy to. Through so far year-to-date, we're through, what, about 4½ weeks, I guess. We've seen our sales consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter and that would put them near the high end of the range of guidance we've given. We did see clearly some effects of snowstorms. We believe, although I don't know that I've gone to look actually at the data but I certainly have every reason to believe that the snowstorms produced a little bit of improvement in sales so far this quarter and also in the fourth quarter beyond what we achieved last year. So I think that probably brings you up to date.
David Dillon: Well, we, if I'm understanding your question right, we had deflation in the latter part of that time period that you were describing.
David Dillon: Okay. So if you go back to where we had inflation, I think our view was when we had grocery inflation that it was a modest tailwind and I would describe it as a modest tailwind today too. And it's sort of clouded with some noise in the numbers too. One of the reasons we described to you the $200 million of healthcare and pension incremental cost in 2011 was to illustrate that, that sort of hides some of the benefits that we might get from that inflation. That's a pretty big barrier to get over. Now we think we're going to get over it, but we thought it was big enough that we should separately identify it. So I would say that it's just like we described back in '07 is we do expect to get some modest tailwind from this. Now some of the categories you can get inflation in can work to your disadvantage occasionally, and that's generally true in perishable products. Sometimes it's true in milk, and one of the time periods you described I think it was a milk issue, where the prices were strongly competitive in the market on milk. And when that happens, inflation may not be as much of a tailwind as we have described.
David Dillon: Well, we obviously don't think it's too modest or we wouldn't have set the bar at that level. We obviously think that there is certainly upside potential to that but what we're trying to do is describe what we see as the operating environment over the foreseeable future really looking forward. And some of those barriers like the medical cost we talked about, get in the way of being able to jump past those kind of numbers like you were describing. But on the whole, I hope that you see it as rather than conservatism or setting the bar too low, I think we're pretty optimistic and we're trying to describe something more consistent and we're trying to describe something less volatile than what you often experience with other stocks in the S&P 500.
David Dillon: Well, the flattish operating margin for 2011 is really calling it how we see it in the current environment with some of the expenses that we described. And I think it’s the headwind of those expenses that probably weigh pretty heavily on that but I wouldn't put too much on the idea of flat. We think that can vary depending on where we come in, in the range and depending on the factors that we outlined. We could do more. We could do better if those factors go our way. We certainly wouldn't rule that out and we're just calling it like we see it at the moment.
David Dillon: And I would also emphasize what Mike said in his prepared comments about that we recognize our need to expand operating profit margin over time as the economy and the operating environment improve.
David Dillon: I would just repeat the comment that Mike made earlier that we recognize, clearly, we recognize the need to expand our operating profit margin over time. So we are not satisfied with, do not believe that today's level is a permanent position. And that we think that, that opportunity to expand will improve as the economy and the operating environment improve.
David Dillon: I'm glad you added that because I literally take fuel out and treat it as a separate item all the time and just mentally assume that you did too. And if you don't, you should. It's the only way to understand our business, is to take fuel out and look at it as a separate category.
David Dillon: The answer is yes, I am more upbeat and I think that, that's a direct result of what we saw in the fourth quarter from the time that we reported before to this time of reporting.
David Dillon: Well, you described the right balance to think through. And on a relative basis, I think we come out as a net-net positive. The question is, though, how much money gets taken out of the system and how strongly does it affect consumer behavior? And while we really can't predict that, as we've described a lot of the trade-offs we saw in the recession time occurred in our store or from other places to our store. So it ended up actually working a little bit more favorable to us than you might have guessed. So even there, I'm cautiously optimistic.
David Dillon: Before we end the call today for everyone, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates, who we encourage to listen in on the call.  On behalf of our leadership team at Kroger, I want to thank you for your hard work to produce such a great result in 2010. You each played a part in delivering these strong fourth quarter and fiscal 2010 results. It was a year of remarkable achievements despite a difficult economy, you rallied and found fresh exciting ways to connect with our customers. You are the reason Kroger increased customer loyalty and achieved consistent, positive identical sales results each quarter.  We expect 2011 to be similarly challenging, and I appreciate your efforts to continue to grow our relationship with our customers.  So thank you, and let's all go out and feed the people. That completes the call today. Thank you, all, for joining us.
Rodney McMullen: The only thing I would add is obviously that the amount of inflation would affect that so if it's 3% to 4% overall it’s one thing. If it happens to be 10% or above I think it's something different. The other thing that we believe and we see customers continuing to do this is as prices increase, our own corporate brand program offers an alternative. And at many times, that item will even be cheaper than where the customer was spending before when they were buying the national brand item. So we believe both of those things will help offset or minimize the impact. But obviously, the amount of inflation will drive that, in answer to your question, by a lot.
Rodney McMullen: And the only thing I would add is it's very broad based. It's not just one or two categories driving it, but if you look across, all together we define about 250 categories. And by far, the majority of those categories would be gaining share.
Rodney McMullen: And the only other thing I would add is if you look at everything out there, it looks like the inflation is going to be there for a while. So if you go back and look at a year or two ago, an awful lot of the things where the inflation was happening look like something that was really only maybe a few months in duration and it wasn't permanent. For now, it just looks much more permanent in terms of the inflation as you look out six to 12 months, you just see actually more of it coming rather than less of it coming. So I believe that's probably driving part of the behavior.
Rodney McMullen: The only other thing, Dave, I'd add to that, if you look there's also categories that we can take business away from, if you look at like restaurant. Now you can come to one of our stores and get a high-quality good-for-you meal at a third to half the price a restaurant would be, that really doesn't take any longer to prepare than what it takes for a customer to drive to a restaurant and get to their home, back to their home to eat it. So there's a lot of business out there to be moved from completely outside of our channel back into our channel too.
Rodney McMullen: Karen, sorry. On the weather that people in the East have seen, we haven't had that extreme of a winter so I would agree completely with Dave's comments but the weather extremes that we've had in the West and Midwest...
Rodney McMullen: Yes, we would be projecting a 1% to 1 ½% square footage growth, 130 to 140 remodels and around 30 or so net new relocated and expanded stores.
Rodney McMullen: What I said was per visit it was a modest decline in number of items in a basket, but we're getting more visits. So when you look at a household over the month, we have strong growth in household over the month. And if you look at loyal households, that growth is stronger than it is in total. So the strength is in the loyals. But we believe a lot of that is just budgeting where people are not buying quite as much when they shop each time and they're shopping more frequently. Now if you look at the quarter overall, about half the growth was driven by spend per customer, half of it was driven by the number of visits we had overall for the quarter approximately.
Rodney McMullen: Well, job growth I think would be good for all of us if we get it, not just Kroger, but all retailers. And as Dave outlined in his prepared remarks, we really expect that growth to be modest. Anything above that I think would be tailwind and would be really for all of us to have but we're not depending on that to grow.
Rodney McMullen: On the natural food trend, there would be new initiatives, that's part of our plan. But we've had new initiatives on natural foods probably for the last five or six years for sure. I'm sure it's longer than that. And it would just be a continuation of understanding what the customer wants and needs are, trying to provide that and by providing that it's just one less place the customer has to go.
Rodney McMullen: We're purposely not giving any guidance on selling, gross margin and OG&A rate and trying to get everybody to focus on the operating profit margin. And as Dave said, or currently the way we see it is flattish and it's primarily the result of the headwinds of those expenses we talked about. Keep in mind, $200 million of incremental expense in those two categories, that's $0.20 a share that we have to overcome before we make any new money next year and that's certainly weighing in on the estimates we gave you relative to all those metrics.
Rodney McMullen: Well, if you look at the elasticity, it really is different based on the category. So if you look at like produce, you would have one set of elasticity. But part of that is driven because when produce prices go up, the quality goes down. If you look at meat, it wouldn't be so much the quality changes, it's just the higher price point, you'll see a lot of people switch from beef to pork, pork to chicken so they're switching proteins. If you look at milk, you still see people not buying milk and they'll be buying more soft drinks. So it really is different by category and the amount of elasticity is different by category. I realize that doesn't answer your question directly but it's very hard. Each category has a little different and that's one of the things that we try to make sure is that we give the customer a choice and we give the customer a high quality choice where they can switch as what meets their needs and budget versus what we try to force them to do.
Rodney McMullen: The only thing that I would remind all of us to look at, if you just look at the face of the financials, fuel also has a very low operating margin. So some of that, depending which number you're using, part of that change is driven because fuel is a higher percent of the business. Now when you adjust out fuel, Dave's comment is absolutely correct. So I don't want to try to erase anything that Dave just said.
Rodney McMullen: But it's not just one segment where our business is improving, it's improving across all the segments, which is one of the reasons why we wanted to make sure everybody understood that because we believe our strategy connects with all customers, not just a customer niche.
Rodney McMullen: And certainly, if you look at a couple years ago when -- three years ago, when there was heavy increase in fuel prices, that was a net benefit for us. The economy is certainly softer today than it was then so how that affects will affect it today and depending on how job growth materializes, we think that will also affect it. So it's a great question but we still think it's pretty hard to answer.
J. Schlotman: I tend to think, John, that really what's happening is as we move from grocery in particular, a deflationary environment to more of inflation and it’s persistent, that means it's across lots of items because it affects some of the ingredients that are going into the products. I think most people have seen that in order to make any kind of a decent result for the year, they're going to have to pass those things along as best they can. The real question for manufacturers is going to be what happens to tonnage. The advantage, as Rodney described, the advantage for us though is with Kroger brand, if the prices get too far out of whack more than what the costs justify, our Kroger brand has an advantage. And even if costs go up for both our brand and national brand, our brand also has an advantage because it’s a lower price. So I think the real question’s what happens with tonnage, but I think people are being more rational and I think it’s because they just recognize that, that’s the environment we're in and you have to be more rational.
J. Schlotman: There will be opportunities. We continue to do it whenever it makes economic sense. We would have a pretty elaborate model in terms of looking at the expected cost increases and the cost to actually handle the inventory and inventory it. So we would expect to continue to see opportunities there that isn't the piece that's going to drive our success one way or the other as you look to 2011 and the estimates.
J. Schlotman: Karen, at this point what we would expect would be 1% to 2-ish% depending on the category like Rodney said earlier in the comments if you have -- we have a lot of inflation going on for instance right now and produce with the horrible weather we've had not only in the States and some important growing regions, but South America as well. Most things cycle themselves throughout the year as new areas of crops come to market and those will settle down. But our expectation for core inflation would be in the 1% to 2% range for the year.
J. Schlotman: Yes. We would continue to see strong vendor support. I mean the vendors are working just as hard as what we are in terms of trying to improve the productivity of their business and making sure they minimize the cost increases just as what we would do. And you see a lot of that in terms of maybe increased list price but also increased promotional support and we would be seeing the same type of activity.
J. Schlotman: Not a whole bunch that would be material. And obviously, when you look at 2011, there's not a lot in numbers of contracts but there's a lot of associates that are involved in those contracts.
J. Schlotman: Well, we spent $545 million or so this year in that neighborhood. We've modified our capital expenditure program by $100 million to $300 million and there's about $140 million contribution we made to the company pension plan last year that we don't have to make this year where the funding status doesn't require us to make a contribution. So when you look at what we were able to spend in '10 and still maintain and improve our net total debt-to-EBITDA ratio coverage, and the fact that those two items generate $240 to $440 of incremental free cash flow to spend on something else, clearly, we have devised a financial strategy in the short run to allow us to have that flexibility to spend a little bit more on stock.
J. Schlotman: Yes, we purposely didn't give any guidance on future years, which we've done in the past. Can it come down over time? Anything is possible. One of the things we continue to want to make sure of is the dollars we're spending on capital that we're generating the returns we expect to return. And so long as we continue to have satisfactory returns on capital, we'll maintain a fairly strong capital expenditure program and I think it's important to continue to remodel our stores. Another source of the savings is we want to focus on remodels probably a touch more than we have on net new and relocateds over the last several years. The other thing to keep in mind is unless you want to pay a penalty to get out of things you have in the pipeline, it takes a little while to temper a capital expenditure program, particularly as it relates to new, relocated and expanded stores. And we clearly aren’t in the position of having to raise cash so severely that we need to pay a penalty to do it. So we're being thoughtful on which projects get moved forward to the top of the list and which ones we have the ability to delay a little bit to create the incremental cash flow in the near term.
