J. Schlotman: Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for joining us today. Cindy can't join us today, so I'm going to do the introductory comments. Her daughter, Grace, is actually having an emergency appendectomy as we speak, and I haven't violated any HIPAA rules by disclosing that. Cindy was okay with me telling you why she couldn't be here. Before we begin, I want to remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking statements. We want to caution you that such statements are predictions and actual events or results can differ materially. A detailed discussion of the many factors that we believe may have a material effect on our business on an ongoing basis is contained in our SEC filings, but Kroger assumes no obligation to update that information. Both our third quarter press release and our prepared remarks from this conference call will be available on our website at ir.kroger.com. After our prepared remarks, we look forward to taking your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks again to those of you who are able to join us for our 2000 (sic) Investor Conference in New York on October 30. I will now turn the call over to Dave Dillon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kroger. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I don't think it's really -- that it's necessarily an increase in the competitive environment out there. It's always been a competitive industry. I think it's really -- the thing that's a little difficult to read at this point in time is exactly what the effect of the SNAP reduction will be. It's early in that process. While it's been a full month with November behind us, it's a little difficult to extrapolate November. With the Thanksgiving and holiday selling season in that month, it's always a big selling season and people always find ways to have a good holiday celebration. That, coupled with the shorter holiday selling season of between Thanksgiving and Christmas, as well as just the slow economic recovery, it's just really difficult to predict. As Rodney had mentioned, we see great volatility of sales by day and by week, and it's just a little difficult to predict exactly where we're going to fall in the range. But again, wherever we fall -- wind up falling inside that range for the year on EPS, it's going to be a very solid year and one within our 8% to 11% guidance. 
J. Schlotman: It was mid-single-digit gallon growth. That's total, not IDs because, as you know, we continue to add a lot of supermarket fuel centers in existing markets that cannibalizes the existing stores a little bit. But it's -- we are very pleased with the direction of the gallons that we're selling in a market that's not growing anywhere near that much. 
J. Schlotman: The good news is I'm not even tempted to give it to you because I don't know the number off the top of my head. 
J. Schlotman: One of the important metrics would be, as you look at general merchandise, probably the best metric would be the Fred Meyer Group had an outstanding Black Friday. By the end of that day, they were very pleased with the ID sales growth they had, not important holiday for the general merchandise merchants. And they feel like they're set up very well to have a strong holiday season. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, you bet, Scott. Thanks. From an inflation standpoint, when you look at where -- let's just talk about the grocery categories since that's just such a big percentage of our sales. It's fairly remarkably consistent in the first, second and third quarter, all a little bit above 1% inflation. You look at individual periods inside there, and there's a little bit of variability, but it's been fairly consistent inflation in that grocery category. Some of the perishable categories have had a little bit more inflation during the year, causing that overall index to be a little bit higher. We really haven't experienced deflation and aren't predicting a deflationary environment for next year. Our expectation as we end this year and go into next year is probably inflationary pressure is about the same where we are today, a very low inflationary kind of period, which is a period we operated in for a very long period of time. There was a very long period of time until the last 3 or 4 years where there is virtually no inflation, and in some of those years actually had deflation. So we're comfortable with our ability to continue to execute and operate in this environment. One of the things that does cause us frustration when you see problems with inflation is when there's big variability in an inflation from inside every year from high inflation to deflation and swinging back. Those have been the periods of time where it's been difficult to manage through. But a consistent, little more than 1% in grocery. Yes, life's a little better with a little more. But when it's consistent, it's significantly easier to operate in that inconsistent environment. 
J. Schlotman: With and without pharmacy numbers, without pharmacy, we were a little bit stronger without it when you take pharmacy out of our sales along with fuel so there was still a slight impact on the ID sales as a result of the pharmacy department. It wasn't [indiscernible] certainly declining. 
J. Schlotman: I would characterize where our gross wound up a little different than deterioration when you look at the cost savings, the total operating cost savings that Rodney spoke of when we look at OG&A plus rent and depreciation, we clearly paid for our investments in gross. And we continue to strive the balance on our rolling 4-quarters basis, the investments we make in gross and the reductions in our cost. And as we've always said, individual quarters can have different results than the full year happens to have. And I wouldn't take one quarter and try to extrapolate that. I would look more where we've been on a rolling 4-quarters basis or on an annual basis so far this year. 
J. Schlotman: Well, just that we -- where we sit today, having spent $1.8 billion year-to-date, it's more likely than not that we're going to be in that $2.4 billion range. When you look at the number of projects, the major projects may not be appreciably different as a result of that. We're doing a lot of smaller remodels that don't fall into the major project category. Plus we're having a lot of spending in 2013 on 2014 projects, so we can get them opened earlier in the year. And that is something we continually work on, is to not look at those budgets necessarily that you budgeted to open in '14. So spend all your dollars in '14. So there is quite a bit of pre-spend on 2014 openings. 
J. Schlotman: My view is that considering that it will be by the end of our fiscal year, which means by the end of January, we'll probably take February to sit down with them. It's a little difficult today to have even conversations with them about what their business plans should look like next year relative to the FTC will be concerned. We're trying to run their business and we haven't closed on the merger. So my expectation is we'll take the month of February to sit down with the management team at Harris Teeter to solidify jointly what their business plan should look like for 2014 and then give combined guidance when we release earnings for the full year in March. 
J. Schlotman: Absolutely, there's nothing that we know of or would expect to know of that would cause the $0.06 to $0.09 to be different. 
David Dillon: Thank you, Mike. As you can see, Kroger delivered strong across-the-board performance in the third quarter. More importantly, we demonstrated the consistency of our Customer 1st Strategy to deliver for customers and shareholders alike. Before we turn to your questions, I'd like to take a moment to thank our investors. As you know, Rodney will become CEO on January 1. While I will continue to serve as Chairman through the end of next year, Rodney will take the lead on the call next quarter. I've appreciated our dialogue through the years. You have made me a better retailer as we envisioned our future. I hope you will continue to invest in Kroger in the years to come. I know I will. I could not be more confident in Kroger's future, knowing that our entire leadership team and Rodney McMullen will guide Kroger to even higher levels of performance. Now we look forward to your questions. 
David Dillon: Let me answer that, Ed, because I'd like to actually give you a little perspective. I want to look at how they flowed through the third quarter and then bring you up-to-date in the current quarter. In the third quarter, they were stronger earlier in the quarter, a little less strong near the end. However, so far in the fourth quarter, we are running slightly higher than the sales guidance that we've just given. But I want to add, I wouldn't read an awful lot into where we are currently because of the unpredictable nature of the things that Mike just described, the calendar, SNAP benefits and the impact of health care. Uncertainty has -- all of those create uncertainty for the consumer, and as a result, create some unpredictability. So we're optimistic, as you can see. That's why I wanted to give you that perspective on how the sales have emerged so far this quarter. 
David Dillon: I think the interesting thing to me is we're such a big company and seeing the growth of that inside our company, you hardly are able to see it the way we do. But it's been a fabulous part of our business. We are pleased. It certainly indicates where customers are headed and have suggested that what we're offering, they really like. 
David Dillon: I not only would characterize it that way, I would even think about it from the point of view of we look at market share more as we can grow our connection with the customer better. I would, and Rodney did the same, is I wouldn't use your term aggressive because that sort of implies you're going to come in and try to stomp on competitors, and that's not the idea. The idea is we attract our customers better, we serve our customers better. That they like what they're having, and that's the relevancy. The customers that we've talked about for so many years. And that's the essence of really of our strategy. So it is definitely offensive and it works exactly like Rodney described. 
David Dillon: I'll just mention on gas, as we've said, and Mike or Rodney may want to add to that, but we've said gas is -- fuel is an important part of our business for a variety of reasons. Our gallons were up nicely. We feel -- we continue to feel really good about where we're positioned. But gasoline being a large purchase out of a family's budget, even at these lower prices, is still significant to -- and important to them to have the fuel rewards that we offer. And it's important to have a convenient place to refuel at a really competitive price. I just filled up the last 2 weeks twice at getting $1.05 off a gallon. And I can tell you that even in my case, I smile when I'm driving away from the gas pump. So it makes a difference. Rodney or Mike, do you want to add anything? Okay. 
David Dillon: Let me add a comment or 2 and then Mike can add to that, Scott. The thing I think I want to emphasize is that we see the world as a little more unpredictable than it generally is. And the SNAP change that occurred, certainly, we knew at the investor conference what was going to happen but we didn't know what the outcome would be and we still don't actually know the outcome, and that's what makes it unpredictable. And the more we think about it, we think it's -- there's a lot of ways in which it could be played out. We still believe, as we did in the investor conference, that customers' eating is a high priority, and so customers will tend to substitute other forms. So they'll pay in cash or credit card if they didn't have the food stamps and then they will give up on something else. And at the moment, as I think Rodney mentioned, they've been able to give up on fuel because the price of fuel is so low. But you don't know where that will lie in the longer term and we also don't know how the Christmas holiday plays out. The holiday calendar, of course, we knew that before, too. Now that it's right upon us and we're reflecting on it, we're not quite sure what it means. And then we watch every day the amount of uncertainty that our customers have generally, not just with SNAP and not just with holiday, but you look at the health care and some of those areas that we've discussed. It just created enough unpredictability for us that we felt we needed to take a little more cautious position. 
David Dillon: Okay. Now, Mike doesn't want to add anything more to that. So I think that's the only reason we felt that way. I don't want you to over-interpret what we've said because I'm actually quite optimistic. 
David Dillon: It's actually that when you look at the data, it's a little, it's more unpredictable, more variable than what we're used to. We've talked about this actually for quarters, where we've seen wider swings from week-to-week, especially first of the month and last of the month kind of swings. We've talked a lot about that. But we're even seeing now, in addition to the week-to-week, the daily kind of swings that are surprising. But still in the end, as you can see in the third quarter, in the end, it came out terrific. So maybe I'm over-reading it, but I just think that variability creates unpredictability, and unpredictability means we need to be a little bit more cautious. 
David Dillon: Well, Rodney may want to add some color to this, but we've identified some of the strong growth areas that we have better than our average sales, places like produce, natural food. I don't think we've mentioned. Well, we did mention pharmacy. It's also true in deli and seafood. But -- and natural food has a number of items that are within the center of the store so that would be partially part of your answer. We're also seeing a really strong or improved trends anyway and very strong in some, but the categories that are more discretionary, which illustrates the bifurcated nature of the economic recovery, things like Starbucks and sushi and Boar's Head and some of the upscale cheese. Greeting cards are doing reasonably well and toys are too, both of which are in the center of the store. And Rodney, you may want to add some more color to where you see that. 
David Dillon: Well, my intuition says it was a variety of things. There was a modest change in the calendar in such a way that, that might have affected it a little bit. I think that there was some differences in our own merchandising from last year to this year, not a lot, but enough that you could maybe see a little difference in it. And then third is the point you raised is I think there were a lot of unpredictable things going on and causing people to be uncertain. I know for sure that in some retailers, you could see a clear change in sales performance when the government was shut down because of the wildly uncertain market that created for some people. And the categories that were within that retailer would have been within our store, and we didn't see quite [indiscernible] and we certainly didn't see that kind of a variation in our total sales or even any one department. But I think each of those things go together, conspire together to create what I think is probably going to be an anomaly. But it illustrated to me how unpredictable some of these events may be. And that's probably what makes me a little cautious. It doesn't make me negative, it makes me cautious about predicting, not cautious about what the future will actually be. That's why I emphasized I'm actually quite optimistic. 
David Dillon: Well, I have a couple of thoughts and recognizing it's early and as you point out, it makes things a little hard to know for sure. But the first thing is that everyone will be affected in a similar kind of a way. I don't think Kroger will be singled out in any particular way either in advantage or disadvantage. And as a result, if it ends up being worse than I'm mentally thinking, then it's worse for everybody than it is -- it's just not Kroger. But also what we're seeing early on so far is our estimates and the way we've played out the future is consistent with what we have been thinking and what we've been feeling, meaning our cost will go up a little bit, it's going to be manageable, it's within the context of what we see as our long-term earnings guidance. And it doesn't change our confidence level at all about what our future looks like and our ability to perform. The short-term effect, the effect on uncertainty and unpredictability for the customer and whether that changes their behavior, that actually could be a short-term issue, it certainly could be a long-term issue too, if I'm wrong. But the short-term issue is more because of the unpredictable nature, does that cause the customer to be more cautious themselves and their behavior. That's what many people felt happened with the government shutdown. And then, of course, once that got back to normal, then a lot of the business looks like it kind of recovered and came back to normal, too. Rodney, I don't know. You and I have talked a little bit about that. You want to add any... 
David Dillon: Yes. Now, you did mention the union, nonunion picture and of course, we have a number of collective bargaining agreements. And in those, it does create a little, I want to say a little bigger pressure on both parties, on the union bargainers and on the company bargainers, because there's certain changes you have to make because of the law. And when you make those, then that has cost implications and then that puts pressure on the rest of the contract to make whatever other changes you have to make to adjust for that. And I could see the argument that might put a union operator at a competitive disadvantage. I don't happen to feel that way but I can certainly see the argument. Because I think what it really does is it causes the parties at the bargaining table to try to face reality and say, "How are we going to collectively negotiate this out and compromise this out in a way that works for the law and works for our associates and works for the company?" And that's been our objective and so far, we've been pleased with being able to do that. 
David Dillon: Yes, great, Karen. Thank you very much. And before we end the call today, I would like to share some additional brief thoughts with our associates, who we encourage to listen. 10 years of positive identical sales growth is simply amazing, and I'm proud to be a part of an organization that is committed to serving our customers and enriching the lives of others. As I've said earlier, each of us had a role to play in reaching this milestone. It is one you should each be proud of. And thank you all for what you do to make our stores the best place in which to shop during the holidays. Remember the little things like a smile and a friendly greeting always make a customer's day better. And actually, they make our day better, too. I hope each of you celebrate the holidays with family and friends. We wish you Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. That completes the call today. Thank you all for joining us. 
W. McMullen: So far, in November, you can see where SNAP dollars are down, but customers are substituting and buying with cash that shortfall. So the trend so far for that customer hasn't changed, but the way they're paying for their product has changed. How much of that is at the expense of other consumption items would be pure speculation. As you know, the other thing that's helping the economy and everyone is fuel prices are lower this year than a year ago, so some of that savings or benefit or whatever you want to call, is probably coming from there as well. 
W. McMullen: How do I do this in a way that is helpful for you, but not gives up competitive advantages? It's a meaningful part of our business. And it would be, I don't know, probably our sixth or seventh largest department. But it's by far the fastest-growing department on a percentage basis, and sometimes even on a dollar basis it's one of the bigger departments. I don't know, Dave or Mike, if you can think of any other way to give a little bit better insight. 
W. McMullen: If you look at our natural -- the competitors out there that focus purely on natural foods, we would be the second-largest retailer out there on a stand-alone basis by a pretty large margin. We would not be bigger than the largest in that space. 
W. McMullen: If you look at the market share opportunities, for us, we can easily see how that business could double from where we are today. And if I understood the question right, you were direct at just Simple Truth, but that comment is, when I look at natural foods and organics overall when I make that comment. But we don't see it as something that's a dream to double our business. We actually have a pretty good plan in place that will get us significantly along the way on getting there in a reasonable period of time. The margins on the business, it's still -- it's a little bit better than the margins on the conventional business, but it's not hugely different. And like in produce, you'll see us more and more pricing a lot of the organic items at the same price as conventional certainly in certain markets. So we're driven because that's where our customer's headed. We think the growth there is because customers overall, our existing customers continue to buy more and more organic and natural foods, plus the younger generation buys a higher share in those categories. So we see a huge opportunity and we see it exciting and we have some great products to offer there. 
W. McMullen: It's really a combination of several things. It's markets where we see, from a competitive standpoint, an opportunity to gain share because there are certain things that we offer in the market that our competitors may not be offering. We have a good relationship with our associates. And we have a competitive cost structure where we can afford to invest and give the customer a good value and be very strong in the marketplace. So it's a combination of all those things together. It isn't necessarily driven by the economic growth in the market, but we do see, like in Dallas, a great -- that economy there in Dallas/Fort Worth has a huge growth in front of it. 
W. McMullen: Yes, if you look at the markets you've identified, I feel very comfortable to call all of them offensive. We see great opportunities to get a good return on our investment and grow the business there. So I would characterize as all of them offense in nature. I don't know, if Dave, would you... 
W. McMullen: And the other thing is we have a great foundation of associates in these markets. And by -- as you're building new stores, you create a lot of job opportunities for people to get promoted. And what we're finding is we have a lot of associates that are ready to continue to grow to take on more responsibilities. So it's a double win and our shareholders get a good return because we find there's a high correlation between the higher our market share, the higher our return on investment. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at the core business, that continues to grow and their consecutive identical sales growth quarters is actually longer than the 40 that Kroger has achieved overall, and they continued with their streak. On the experimental formats, I would say right now, we're continuing to learn a lot. And it's still early in the process and Mike Ellis and Chris Hjelm have actually been heading it up, and we've actually recently restructured some of our internal operation structure to get more focus on it. I could tell you we still remain excited about the opportunity, but we haven't found something that I think our shareholders would be excited about the opportunity yet. But we think there's something there and we continue to learn a lot. 
W. McMullen: No, I would agree. If you look at -- it's kind of hard how you define center store anymore. Dave's comment about natural foods is one where I always struggle with because technically, it probably is center of store. That would be -- the center store is the weaker part of our business, but it has been for a long period of time because people are buying more and more -- they want dinner prepared and they just come in and pick something up. So there's all kinds of shifts going on, but we continue to gain good share in what business is there. And it really is just moving -- adapting as the market changes. And Mike reminded me that grocery units continue to grow, so it's still positive. Don't take too much into what I said. 
W. McMullen: Well, it's really important to be positioned to take advantage of both because it's left up to the customer what they want versus us trying to force them. 
W. McMullen: It's a good question and it's really both. We continue to -- there's a lot of product innovation in those areas, so you find a lot of good new products that you can add that customers like. We continue to find subcategories within it that we haven't had in the past that's doing very well that we continue to add. Plus if you look at the base business, it just continues to grow. So you have all those things happening. We are continuing to add space to those, to that department when you look across the company. 
W. McMullen: This would be all stores. The amount of it would be different. But a value store would have changes as well. It isn't focused just on upscale by no means. 
W. McMullen: No. No, there are some customers that will probably end up saving money as well. If you were in one of the groups where you were paying more for premiums than under the new structure, so there's some people that's on the other side of that as well. So I think Dave's point on unpredictable in terms of how the customers are going to react, I think the customer doesn't even know how they're going to react yet, because they're still trying to understand what does it mean. 
W. McMullen: I would say it's closer to 5. Now Mike Ellis is over there cringing because if you -- I would be pushing him to maybe get there a little faster. 
