Rodney McMullen: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I'd like to provide an outline of our discussion topics this morning. I will start by sharing a recap of our first quarter performance and highlight how we continue to advance our go-to-market strategy, which powers our value creation model and drives long-term sustainable growth for our shareholders. Then Todd will cover our financial results for the first quarter. Finally, I will provide a few comments on our proposed merger with Albertsons before we open it up for questions. We're off to a solid start in 2024, reflecting the strength and diversity of our model. As better than expected performance from our Grocery business helped us manage Fuel and Health & Wellness results that were behind expectations, Kroger is providing exceptional value and a unique omnichannel experience, which combined with strong store execution, led to growth in households and an increase in customer visits. As inflation moderates, we expect customer sentiment to continue improving. But near term, many customers are managing economic uncertainty. While we expect Health & Wellness profitability pressures to continue into the second quarter, our recent improvement on store execution metrics and strong customer trends give us confidence that we are building momentum for a strong back half of the year and we are well-positioned to deliver on our full-year guidance. As we've seen over recent quarters, customers continue to seek value and are shopping with us differently based on their financial situations. Spending from premium and mainstream customers continue to be strong. Mainstream households drove our overall household growth and we improved our share of wallet with premium customers who are deepening their loyalty, spending more in our fresh departments and enjoying more premium products such as Private Selection. Within our most budget-conscious households, we are starting to see positive momentum and we grew households in this segment after experiencing declines last year. Historic multi-year inflation across the economy, high interest rates and reduced government benefits disproportionately affect these customers and are influencing their spending behaviors. Kroger's longstanding commitment to low prices and personalized promotions creates real value for our customers at a time when many of them need it more than ever. Food-at-home continues to be the most affordable meal option for customers while food inflation has impacted every meal occasion, inflation in food-away-from-home has been even higher than food-at-home inflation since 2019. We are committed to making sure our customers can enjoy a great meal experience with zero compromise on quality, selection, value and convenience. We see a significant growth opportunity to deliver convenient restaurant quality meals at an attractive value and we are expanding our Ready To Heat and Ready To Eat offerings. For example, after we revamped our fried chicken recipe, we created a meal bundle which feeds a family for $3.50 a person, a fraction of what it would cost to eat out at restaurants with quality that's difficult to beat. Every day we strive to provide an outstanding customer experience and we are focused on sharpening our store execution to do just that. This year, we raised the bar on our full, fresh and friendly customer experience metrics and we are very proud of our store teams who are delivering an even better shopping experience with service metrics at record highs. To continue the momentum in our Grocery business, we are committed to keeping prices low for customers and delivering a consistent experience while growing our pillars of Fresh, Our Brands, Seamless and Personalization. Leading with Fresh, our store team's primary goal this year is to drive more consistent shopping experience and that begins with Fresh. We are introducing new technology that's enabling our teams to better track [Technical Difficulty]
Rodney McMullen: Thanks, Todd. As you've heard from both of us, our Grocery business is performing well and we are building momentum across our business. Kroger is operating from a position of strength. We have the right strategy, which is resonating with customers, and we have the financial strength to pursue growth and enhance shareholder value. As we continue to prepare for our merger with Albertsons, I'd like to thank our associates for their incredible commitment. Since we announced the proposed merger back in October of 2022, our associates have done an exceptional job preparing for the integration with Albertsons while never once taking their eye off the ball of serving our customers, advancing our strategy, operating our business and driving results. Because of their efforts, we will be prepared to hit the ground running as a combined company ready to serve more customers from day one. A more general merger update, in April, we announced an expanded divestiture plan with C&S, which directly responds to the concerns raised by federal and state antitrust regulators regarding the original agreement. We believe the package, which includes a modified and expanded store set and more non-store assets, bolsters Kroger's position and regulatory challenges to the proposed merger. Including our upcoming court proceedings, it also positions C&S to be a strong and successful competitor. We are prepared to defend our merger because it will produce meaningful and measurable benefits for customers, for associates and for communities across the country. Customers will benefit from lower prices and more choices following the merger close. We have committed to investing $500 million to begin lowering prices day one following close, along with an additional $1.3 billion to improve Albertsons stores. Employees will benefit from Kroger's commitment to invest $1 billion to raise wages and comprehensive benefits, further building on our $2.4 billion and incremental investments since 2018. As union membership continues to decline nationwide, this merger will secure union jobs. And communities will benefit from the strength and the ability of the combined company to accelerate Kroger's commitment to ending hunger. As a combined company, Kroger has committed to donating 10 billion meals to families across the US by 2030. In closing, Kroger is off to a solid start to the year, positioning us well to deliver on our commitments. We continue to invest in associates and the associate experience because when they have a better experience, our customers do as well. Grocery results are off to a better-than-expected start, which provides the foundation for growth in Alternative Profit businesses and our model is generating strong free cash flow, which has strengthened our balance sheet and positions us for future growth. With that Todd and I look forward to taking your questions. Because we are in litigation, we will not be taking questions on the merger this morning.
Rodney McMullen: I want to just add a couple of points on Todd's last point. We continue to have good success with value-add product and typically that product is something that the customer can eat almost immediately in the car or at home, and that's helping on margin. And then our sourcing teams continue to have making progress in cost of goods, which helps as well.
Rodney McMullen: If you look at overall, as you know, for the last, I don't know, 15, 18 years, part of the Kroger's strategy has always been to invest in pricing every year and 2024 wouldn't have been any different than any of the previous years. And we continue to execute against that plan of helping the customer stretch their budget. If you look at where we feel on our relative price position, we feel very good. And one of the things that we even -- was glad to see is if you look at the customer that's on a budget, for the first time in over a year, we actually had growth in count from that customer base. So overall, we feel good about where we are. One of the things I always think it's important to remember too is, as a promotional merchant, people buy a lot more when things are in promotion. We also have a very sophisticated rewards program for personalized offers that publicly you wouldn't see and also our fuel rewards. So overall, we feel good about where we are and we feel good about where we are relative to any of our competitors. Thanks, Rupesh.
Rodney McMullen: If you look at CPG partners, overall, we would be seeing more trade dollars than in the past, and I think some of that ties to the comment I made before on sourcing. As economists always say, all short statements are incorrect. There are some CPG partners that aren't worried as much about tonnage and wouldn't be as aggressive. But we are seeing an increased trend where CPG most CPG partners are starting to focus on tonnage again and then trying to partner with us more aggressively to help tonnage. If you look at regional competitors, really wouldn't see much difference there than the national competitors. And overall inflation is up slightly. You would see people raising slightly more prices than lowering. But nothing that's especially different there than what we would see. And as you know, there's a ton of great awesome regional competitors out there. Thanks, Robby.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, if you look at the first quarter performance, as Todd and I both mentioned, we felt very good about where we were finished or where it turned out. One of the things I always think it's, the first quarter is so early in the year, I never felt -- it would be unusual for us to feel comfortable changing too much. If you look at things that we felt good about or the things that we outlined in the prepared comments around our customer count growth, the growth that's broad-based across all of our customer types, our store team is doing a very good job of continuing to improve the experience and in-stock positions and all those things. The couple of headwinds that we do have is if you look at like incentive plans, especially in the second quarter, we'll have significantly higher incentive plan accruals in the second quarter than what we did a year ago, which is partially what's affecting the second quarter. But overall, for the year, we feel good about where we are. We feel good about where we are relative to where we thought we would be. But it's really too early in the year to make too many changes.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, I'll let Todd answer the second part. On inflation for the year, the first quarter was pretty much where we expected it to be. Where we, for the year, it's pretty consistent with where we thought it would be. So if I'm going off of memory, but I think we said it was slightly over 1% and we would continue to see it slightly over 1%. It's -- if you look at some of the commodity -- the commodities themselves, obviously that will bounce up and down. And as you get later in the year, we -- that some of that bounce will be driven by what kind of crop year is it relative to corn and some of those things. But really overall, what we expect inflation to be similar to where we did last year and it is starting to stabilize. We don't see deflation broad-based at all, but it is stabilizing around that little over 1%.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, if you look, and John, we've talked about it a lot of times, I always say our job one is to make sure we don't lose the customer and job two is we have the responsibility to figure out how to be profitable with each of those customers. We do have some divisions that are now at breakeven or slightly profitable. And if you look at incrementally on a per order basis, through almost all of our channels, now they're -- incrementally they're contributing. In terms of our expectation of ourself is that, that customer will be just as profitable as a store customer over time. I don't know that I would put a specific date on it yet, but that is the expectations we have for ourselves. And the key things on it will be continuing, for me, I think number one is making sure our NPS scores stay strong because that's what causes that customer to continue to repeat. Then making sure that each basket we start getting where the customer adds items within a basket and then always from an operating cost standpoint, we'll continue to use our technology to be more efficient.
Rodney McMullen: And as we look longer term, three years or five years, we definitely think there'll be less capacity. And as you noted, there's a significant number of closures by the other three players in that space. And there's a lot of work that's being done from a governmental standpoint around PBMs. The thing that I get super excited about, our pharmacies and our Health & Wellness teams, they continue to do a great job of improving the experience. And I think it's amazing that a third of our customers don't even realize we have a pharmacy. And we're obviously working incredibly hard to make sure that third of our customers that don't even realize we have a custom that we have a pharmacy to get them to convert and become a patient of our pharmacy because our teams do an amazing job on service. We have incredibly quick lines and things like that and it's one less trip that somebody has to make. So thanks, John, for the question.
Rodney McMullen: In terms of overall, I would say, in terms of promotional activity looks very similar to pre-COVID and for the first time it finally starts looking and feeling more like pre-COVID times. As I mentioned a second ago, overall, we saw more prices go up than go down, when you look at the individual number of SKUs. I feel really good about where we are and I feel good about our teams and their ability to continue taking care of customers. In terms of the valued customer, I think, a lot of it is driven more from some of the things that we've done relative to our new brand in terms of Smart Way, helping that customer understand that they can come and shop with us and it's -- and you don't have to compromise relative to fresh and quality and some of those other aspects and experience -- the customer experience or associate experience that they give. So when you look at it overall, it's pretty consistent with where we thought it would be. And part of it, I think, is just the moderating inflation, but we still continue to expect a little bit of inflation.
Rodney McMullen: And the other thing, it's a great question. It's hard to give a specific data other than I can assure you that our team is working really hard to get there. We're also -- and this is something I would say we've always done, but you always try to get better. And if you look at capital investments, we would also be using capital investments to support that growth. And as you know, we're starting to increase the number of stores that we're opening. And the maturity of those stores and the remodel of those stores also help with identicals over time. And we would expect that to obviously be the case now. And as Todd mentioned, it's early in the slightly higher capital spending for new stores and expansions and stuff, but we're pleased with the early results. Thanks, Michael.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, and as you know, we do expect IDs to improve throughout the year and we continue -- so far we're continuing to see that and would expect that to continue.
Rodney McMullen: I'll make a couple of comments, and Todd, feel free to add. One of the things as you get to the third quarter and early in the fourth quarter is vaccines. And as you know, last year our teams did an amazing job of increasing the number of vaccines we gave. And we have a ton of learnings that we think will be able to do that again this year. And the -- so when you look at just the pharmacy business, part of that will be that. And also on some of the supply issues, we would hope that and expect for those to get more normalized and like the one drug that Todd was talking about, the generics, as they come out and stuff, historically, that's always improved profitability. And we would expect at some point in this latter part of the year for those things to happen. Relative to the other pieces, Todd, I'll let you.
Rodney McMullen: We really view our lowest cost of capital is a BBB rating. And if you look at it historically, it's like 80% of the time that would be the lowest cost of capital. And as you look at the markets going forward, we don't see anything that would cause that to change. So that gives you the financial flexibility to do things like merging with Albertsons. It also creates the lowest cost of capital. And the reason we always reiterate that 2.3 to 2.5 is that really is the point that we believe creates a solid BBB rating. And the thing that, as Todd and I both mentioned, the business continues to be incredibly strong from a free cash flow standpoint and the anticipation going forward. So it gives us the opportunity to continue to invest in the business, continue to grow the business, and we can't wait to be able to merge with Albertsons, so we can do that at even a scale a little bit bigger. So thanks, Ed, for the questions.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah. And if you look at some of the things that's in margin, like, warehouse and transportation costs, our teams are making good progress there, reducing the number of empty miles, taking and managing more of the transportation. So there's a lot -- one of the things, as you know, we've done a ton of work over the last five years or 10 years on diversifying our business model and how we create value. And part of it is the traffic that our base business creates being able to monetize that in ways that the customer actually views and finds of value. Thanks, Kelly.
Rodney McMullen: When you look at upside, I think, our whole team feels incredibly good. If you were in one of our meetings, you would hear us talk about all the things that we can get better at, and it's things that matter to our associates and matter to our customers. So we're incredibly excited about the continued opportunity we have on getting better. On the store execution, obviously, they always say retail is detail and it literally is working with every single store. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, turnover continue to improve. When turnover is lower, when retention is better, it helps on the experience, it helps on the execution in the store, on in-stocks and other things. Our teams are doing a very good job on Fresh and that's everything from our supply chain to our folks ordering product to using AI to make sure the right stores get the right product, to the stores getting it out on the shelf and helping the customer have a couple more days of freshness at home. So it's really all of those things together that we think it's what's driving the increased traffic and increased in connection with our customers. So it's obviously super proud of the whole team and excited about the opportunities going in front of us.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah. If you look at vendor funding, we would expect it to continue to increase because you know that CPGs are trying to move tonnage. If you look at overall, we would, I think, feel like it's pretty much backed up pre-COVID but at a higher level. Some CPGs have increased their margins without, so they're just making flat-out more profit. So we think they actually have room to even further invest in trade dollars.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah, there isn't things that are going on out there that I would say that's causing us to be reactive. You always pay attention and I spend as much time getting to the competitors' store as I do our own stores. But when I look at overall, we're running our plan and we're using our data and insights to make sure that we're taking care of our customers and associates. So I feel really good about where we are overall on that. So thanks for the questions.
Rodney McMullen: Yeah. If you look, sorry that you got cut off, but the delivery business almost doubled year-on-year. It's pretty broad based on all customer segments, but I think one of the things that's important to remember is that our technology allows us to do a better job now accepting SNAP and some of those things than what it did a year ago. So it's really across all customers. I think the thing that's driving it is our teams are doing a nice job on making sure the experience is good. I can tell you in Florida, people get ice cream that's still frozen and chocolate that's not melted because of our delivery, because of the delivery trucks. And it's really -- it's one of those things where all the things you feel good about, we still have a lot of work to make sure that we're satisfied with the profitability.
Rodney McMullen: Yes. The short answer is yes. And there's, as you know, online and with our data and personalization, there's all kinds of things that you're learning in terms of different customers find it attractive at different times. So the short answer is absolutely yes. The other thing is, obviously online really supports the Alternative Profit business as well from a media standpoint. Thanks, Chuck.
Rodney McMullen: Thank you for all the questions, as always. As you know, I always like to share a few comments with our associates listening in. Today I'd like to take a moment to celebrate Alex Spurlock. Alex is a store leader at QFC store 860 in Redmond, Washington, and recently was named the 2024 Food Industry Association Store Leader of the Year. Obviously, this is a huge honor and we are so impressed by the amazing work that Alex does at her store. With more than a decade in the grocery business, Alex understands the industry. She has a gentle spirit and a fierce attention to detail that clearly earned her this recognition. What's most impressive is Alex's passion for her associates. She is always ready to coach her team and celebrate their success in meaningful ways. Thank you and congratulations, Alex, for everything you do for our customers and your fellow associates. And congratulations on this amazing honor. And thank you to all of our teams for all the work they do every day to take care of each other and our associates and thank you for everyone for joining us today.
Todd Foley: Yeah, thanks, Rupesh. Great question. We talked at the beginning of the year that our expectation was to have relatively flat year-over-year gross margin and that is still the expectation. As mentioned in my comments, we do expect results for the balance of the year to improve beyond our Q1 results and that's really reflective of some of the gross margin expansion efforts that we have going on. They're going actually really well. We alluded to our Our Brands performance. Our margins in Our Brands continue to do very well and as that business continues to grow, particularly in today's environment, we talked about the budget-conscious consumer and that continues to connect with them. And so the growth in that business helps drive the margins and we expect to see that as the year goes on. Fresh is another category where we've had meaningful growth. Fresh is doing really well. We've talked a lot about produce, our end-to-end Fresh and how that business is growing. And certainly that comes with higher margins, which has a positive effect on our mix. And then when you look at Alternative Profits and in particular retail media, that business continues to grow well and especially the second half of the year. We expect retail media to continue its momentum to achieve our growth of excess of 20% for the year. A lot going on in that space. And we went to a new platform a year ago and as we went and ramped up the platform a year ago, we'll be cycling that period of time with some of the momentum we have in that business. So all of those are where a lot of our confidence comes from when we talk about reaffirming our guidance for the year. And we alluded to some of the pharmacy headwinds. Even though we expect some of those to carry over into the second quarter, I think all of the results that we're seeing from our margin expansion efforts are going to continue to drive us so that we hit our expectations to improve the result relative to Q1.
Todd Foley: That's a good call, Rodney. And actually the two go together. The strength we saw in the first half of the business is really tied to your incentive plan comment. A big contributor to the strength we're seeing in our Grocery business is around our teams delivering on store execution and the shopping experience and improvement in those metrics is an important part of our incentive plan this year. So it's -- those two thoughts are connected with one another.
Todd Foley: Yeah, that's great. And on the fuel point, we did -- in my comments that we did see that cents per gallon margin was down low single digits.
Todd Foley: John, I'll talk to the headwinds a little bit. What we're seeing there was really a couple of items in product mix. One was around GLP-1. We've talked about that before. It's a high retail ring, but an extremely low margin and so that puts pressure on our margins. And coming into the year, if you recall the latter part of last year, we had supply constraints on GLP-1. And so some of those restraints were relieved in the first quarter. And frankly, our team did a really nice job with suppliers getting out there to get product to meet demand in our stores. And so our sales exceeded what we expected to see in the first quarter and that put a little bit of that unexpected pressure on margins. And then the second, there's another category of drugs as well, where we saw some regulatory restrictions that were unexpected that drove up the cost on those meds and put some pressure on the margin. So when we talked about some unexpected trends in Pharmacy, it was really around product mix in those couple of areas, and wanted to make sure we called it out, because we do see that carrying over into the second part of the year, it wasn't necessarily reimbursement related.
Todd Foley: I think you're right. Our model is to drive 2% to 4% ID sales. And as you looked at -- we talked a lot last quarter around the dynamics of inflation and what we saw last year with the rapid disinflation throughout the year. And as we get back to this year, that more normal inflation environment that Rodney alluded to, and we start cycling those heavy disinflations. We talk about the -- getting towards the high end of our guidance range relative to sales by the second half of the year and I think that starts to get us back into that range that our long-term model is based on in the 2% to 4%.
Todd Foley: Yeah, the first quarter was a little choppy because we had a Easter mismatch relative to the calendar. But the general trend throughout the quarter was that we saw IDs increase steadily as we went through the quarter on average. And then as we look to Q2 to date, so far, we're right on plan relative to our expectations for Q2 results in the guidance that we've given.
Todd Foley: You're right on with what I was going to say on pharmacy, Rodney, and just overall with the business. I alluded to earlier, the margin expansion efforts that we're seeing, and those are all factored into the guidance for the rest of the year. And even given those pharmacy headwinds, we expect the pharmacy or the margin expansion, the gross margin expansion initiatives that we have blended with the pharmacy headwinds that we called out should enable us to achieve gross profit results beyond what we saw in the first quarter.
Todd Foley: Yeah, no, you're right. And it is primarily based on pharmacy and incentive. You are correct. From a fuel perspective, that's so volatile. It's really week to week. It's part of what we keep our eye on as we go forward. So far it has been closer to our expectations for the quarter, but that's one that we truly monitor daily and weekly to understand the impact it's having on the business.
Todd Foley: I think long-term, our targets at 2.3 to 2.5 are in the right place. That is -- one of our key objectives is to maintain our investment grade rating and over time, it's proven that is the range that enables us to be able to do that. So I think we long-term continue to look to operate within that range, with or without the merger, frankly. And the beauty with where we're at here, you're right, we do have a lot of capacity there. Obviously, we're firmly focused on closing the merger and being able to use that capacity relative to the merger and come out the other end. But I think in any scenario, the capital allocation approach that we've taken over time, we've got a long track record on what that is and how we do it. And I would expect this to execute under that framework on a go-forward basis.
Todd Foley: Yeah, Kelly, I think it's -- you hit on part of it. I don't think it's just Alternative Profit. I think we have today more levers maybe than we've had in the past to be able to drive that value through margin expansion. So it's Alternative Profit and retail media. It's what our merchants do. We've already talked a little bit today about our brands and the value that our brand brings and the margin expansion there. And same with Fresh. I think it's all of those areas. And I think it's also the things that we continue to do with process improvement, whether it's in supply chain, whether it's continuing to drive down shrink, et cetera, et cetera. So I think it's the variety of margin improvement initiatives that we have. It is -- it's what's a little different than maybe what we saw several years ago, because we have various sources of value to help fund those investments in our customers and in our associates frankly.
Todd Foley: To your comment on reactive versus proactive, when we put our plan together for the year and our guidance in the whole nine yards, we put together our pricing strategy for the year and we're executing on the strategy that we've put in place and we think clearly customers are responding to that very favorably. We're not deviating from the plan that we have -- that we've put into place. We're executing our playbook. Rodney mentioned it earlier. It's what we've done for 15 years or 20 years and we've stuck to our playbook and we think that's what's resonating with our customers.
