W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. Kroger's business is strong. Our team of associates continues to drive our Customer 1st strategy by taking care of our customers in big and small ways, offering fresh foods and keeping costs down so that we can reinvest those savings in our associates, store experience, products and prices. As a result, we continue to earn customer loyalty and gain market share. We are investing to grow our business for the future while delivering on our promises today. Our stores are hiring to fill 20,000 new permanent jobs. We are expanding our digital and e-commerce offerings. Our confidence in Kroger has never been stronger. Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: Well, it's -- the guidance is always one of the hardest things to come up with what's the right estimate. As you know, we've always expected inflation to continue to slow down during the year, and we would expect that to continue. Now, we're working hard, as always, to make sure that we're at a good side of that. If you look at where we are so far this quarter, we continue to track within those -- within the guidance and kind of similar to where we were in the second quarter. So we feel good about where we are, but -- and we see exciting opportunities. I don't know, Mike, did you want to... 
W. McMullen: As you know, one of the things that's so important for us is our total portfolio of businesses. And when you look, there's almost -- every year, you'll have something stronger and something else weaker. And if you look at the pharmacy business, what we would be experiencing would be pretty similar to what some of our competitors would talk about. We continue to have very strong growth on the number of scripts filled, and that has been true for a long period of time, and our pharmacy teams continue to do a great job on taking care of our customers. But in terms of financial, you -- it would be very similar to what some of the others have talked about. But it is the nice thing and the great thing about having a portfolio of businesses where some pieces are obviously growing well in excess of the total. 
W. McMullen: One of the other things that we mentioned on the first quarter, we were pretty aggressive on incrementally investing hours in some places. Some of that, you begin to get the flow of it and you understand, where does it make sense and where doesn't it make sense as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, a big part of that is just the growth that the team has had. I feel very comfortable that the growth they've had as leaders will allow them to have a little broader span of control than they've had before. As you know, we're incredibly fortunate to have such a great depth of people, and we're incredibly fortunate that they've been at Kroger for a long time. So they really know our business well and they understand what we're trying to get done. For me, it really does eliminate one layer of decision-making, and it really does streamline this -- our ability to make decisions. And the team is working together so well as a team, and I'm just really excited about -- going forward, I think it'll just make it a lot smoother in terms of how the -- how we operate on a day-to-day basis. 
W. McMullen: The -- it's a great question. And to me, the thing that is so important about what Kroger has been doing for a long period of time, not just in this quarter, is really focusing on multiple aspects of connecting with our customers and associates. So it's really -- we continue to improve the products that our customers have. We -- our merchandisers continue to find new ideas and new products. Our operators continue to improve execution and figuring out ways to take cost out of the business, and we continue to take that and invest in what the customers tell us is important. So it's really all of those things working together. The thing that you never know is how do -- how will competitors react to what you're doing and how -- customers continually change and how do you make sure that you're staying out in front of those changes. So far this year, we're incredibly delighted with how we've identified how the customer's evolving and changing and connecting with those customers in a deeper and deeper way. Our customers tell us, from the way that our associates serve them, the products we deliver, the prices, that we've continued to improve what we're doing, and it's really the combination of all those things working together. 
W. McMullen: Well, the -- I -- to give you some insights, the -- it's -- what we find is some customers enjoy shopping that and -- in addition to still buying stuff in the store. So it's -- and you've heard us talk a long time about, on digital, we really do believe it's an and, and not an or. And all it is, is trying to offer one more way of a customer engaging with us so that they get engaged with us the way they want to versus the way they have to. And what we find is the customer feedback has been very positive for some customers, but it's not all customers. And the learnings that we were able to get from Harris Teeter is they really were able to accelerate teaching us how to do it, and then, our store associates are doing a great job of executing against that. In terms of specifics on going forward, the only thing, really, I would say is it continues to be something that we test, and will kind of -- the pace of which we go will really be driven by how fast the customers engage with us. And one of the things that we're trying to do as a company is pace things based on our ability to execute against it and the customer's connection with it. So I wouldn't be able to give you specifics right now because we really don't have specifics yet. 
W. McMullen: The -- I wouldn't say there's been change. The thing that's probably the biggest difference is the leadership team at 84.51° is involved in every meeting now. And it's things when you're trying to make a decision on what you do, the folks are around the table, and they have great insights, so you're really having those insights as part of the decision at the front end rather than at the back end of the conversation. So the biggest thing is just the quality. To say that we get additional insights, I wouldn't say there's additional insight so far. I would say there's a lot of additional projects that we're working on that should help us going forward. That, I feel very confident in, that it just makes it a lot easier to get those things done rather than having to negotiate with a third party. 
W. McMullen: Yes, on a few select items, it's in -- pretty broad in a lot of our convenience stores, but it's pretty narrow. It's early in the process, and we're really trying to learn how broad can the brand go and who all connects with it. As you know, historically, convenience stores isn't a place you go to for healthy offerings. And we are trying to make sure that the customer, if that's what they want, they can find what they want. So it's early in the process, but we are trying to learn how far the Simple Truth brand can go. 
W. McMullen: Well, the biggest thing it's -- it's really our Corporate Brands team would use the insights from 84.51° plus other research they've done. We find customers are increasingly becoming foodies, and it's really trying to figure out how do you find great products that will satisfy that foodie need experience they want in a way that is actually a very affordable price. And if you look at the quality of this product, if you would go to a restaurant and eat food -- eat something of this quality, it would cost 4 or 5x as much as what it costs with us. So customers get to experience something that's very unique that's outstanding quality. And it's really the team searching across the world, finding items that are very, very unique and very regionally based. The initial items -- I actually don't know how broad it is. I can tell you, the ones I've tried would be more pasta- and sauce-based and olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. Those types of items are the ones that I've tried. So the things I've tried are more based from Italy, but I'm sure there's others. It's just that's the ones I'm familiar with. 
W. McMullen: We would expect it to be in almost all of our stores. We think most customers will want to engage with it. On some of the items, there is a limited amount of production, so it's not something that you can just go out and produce 2x as much if it sells 2x as much. 
W. McMullen: Well, a lot of times, it depends on what's driving the deflation. In some categories, you have deflation when the product is at its peak and tastes great. If you look at -- like produce. Usually, if there's deflation, that means there's tons of product available, and it's really great product, so you end up selling more. In other areas, when you have deflation, you're able to give such a great value for the customer for the item. So you end up promoting it more and the volume grows. So it's -- we would drive our promotions based on what our insights tell us that customers like and at what point they like versus trying to just make sure we have every department positive. But fortunately, every department was positive identicals. And I know, Mike, you were looking up some of the specific numbers. 
W. McMullen: The thing that's hot so hard to tell -- I don't think it's so much economy-based as customers clearly want high-quality food. So if you look at the areas -- natural and organics, Boar's Head, Starbucks, sushi, all of those areas all have strong, nice growth. So I really -- it really appears to be much different than just economy-based. When you talk to customers, they are definitely interested in saving money. There's no doubt about that. 
W. McMullen: Yes, as you know, when we look at competition, we always assume that competition is going to get more aggressive going forward than it's been in the past. And we always find that if that doesn't happen, then life's easier. It's just the way we've, years ago, learned to do our business plan. We wouldn't see anything that would be major in changes. There's always a certain promotion or some -- you'll see things that different customers -- competitors do. And you'll see it, even within weeks, changing. So there wasn't anything that I would say is a huge change in the second quarter versus first quarter. 
W. McMullen: It's obviously a good question. It's one where I don't think I would really be able to answer at this point, because it really depends on what's going on in the marketplace and what do we think is the best use of that. So I -- at this point, I really wouldn't think it would be appropriate to answer it. 
W. McMullen: You actually have customers doing all 3. I would say, the most customers are on the 2 extremes. They do the yearly approach or the per-order approach. But it's not one of those things where you see 80% of the customers going one way or the other. 
W. McMullen: It's -- some of the basket would be incremental, but it's still so early that it's -- I -- the answer I gave you is what we're seeing, but I don't -- I wouldn't use a whole lot of basis off of it, because the sample size is still too small. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look in terms of going to territories that we are not in at all, as you know, historically, we've done that through mergers. And we're always, as Mike mentioned earlier, looking out for the right one to do something with. We're finding incredible opportunity on fill-ins, and we're -- the -- most of the incremental capital that Mike talked about is, what we're finding, is incremental project opportunities for great projects in existing markets. And right now, that's the highest focus. Now, that doesn't mean that we wouldn't go into a new territory de novo at some point. 
W. McMullen: Well, we feel like we already are, if you look at the incremental capital that we're spending, and we continue to push that. So you're always looking for opportunities to grow, but grow and make sure you execute, and we feel like we have started picking up that pace. 
W. McMullen: Before we end today's call, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge that this morning is the 14th anniversary of the attacks of September 11. I know that many on the call today were personally affected by those events. We continue to mourn those we lost on that horrific day and to honor their memory through our support for police, firefighters and other first responders as well as the military and their families. The 9/11 -- I recently had a chance to go to the 9/11 memorial and museum, and it's incredibly touching, and I'm sure most people on the call have. But if you haven't, it's well worth seeing, and it really does make you appreciate all the things that the police, firefighters and other first responders did on that morning. Finally, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. One of the most exciting things about working for a growing and expanding company is the additional opportunities it creates for associates. Many of you would agree that Kroger is a place where you can come for a job and stay for a career. When I ask associates and managers why they stayed, most tell me they fell in love with working with people, our customers and associates, or they found a deep passion for food. Often, it's both. As I mentioned earlier, nearly 70% of our store managers started as hourly associates. I believe there are many young people working for us today who will become our future leaders and will be having Mike's role and other senior leaders' roles and mine. Our associates are people who care, who want to connect with something bigger and make a difference in our communities every day. We ask candidates to imagine you at Kroger, because whether you're looking for a flexible part-time job or for a lasting and rewarding career, you can find it here. And we're looking for friendly, bright people who want opportunities to learn and grow. This is such an exciting time to be at Kroger. Together, we do make a difference. That completes our call for today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, Karen, another thing to keep in mind is if you look at real growth, if you look at our current ID sales trend, and even what we would be projecting, and take away the relatively benign inflationary environment today, it's actually as strong of a real growth as we've had in quite some time, really, going all the way back to 3 or 4 years, actually 4 or 5 years. You really don't see a trend as strong as we have today when you look at it on an inflation-adjusted basis. Our tonnage growth is quite strong. And from our standpoint, as long as we continue to have the tonnage growth in many of the departments that we have, we'll be just fine, because that's the ultimate demonstration of the strength of your business is how many items are the customers buying on a weekly and monthly basis. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. The $60 million would have been accrued and expensed when it was accrued. Keep in mind that on the multiemployer plans, when you have a contractual obligation or actually put dollars in, you expense it, versus a company plan, we could put money in, and it may not translate to an -- a current expense. So they're quite different in how you account for the 2 calculations. I don't -- it's not a dramatic change in our expectations between the 2 plans, although somewhat... 
J. Schlotman: It would be -- I mean, it would be a slight headwind compared to where we were earlier in the year, but nothing dramatic. 
J. Schlotman: I think it's really across-the-board good cost controls in many facets of the business. As we often say here at Kroger, sales are a beautiful thing. And when you can have north of 5% IDs, the sale leverage -- sales leverage on the expense line becomes quite enormous. And particularly if your ID sales start to exceed where your own expectations were, it gets a little tough to add hours as fast as the sales start to come, and it takes a while to catch up to that. So there was -- there could have been a bit of that as well. But I wouldn't say there is any one particular area that would stand out. It's really pretty strong across-the-board cost controls for many locations. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, and one of the things to keep in mind, John, is we -- as you know, we have a portfolio of things we want to invest in over time. And these aren't promotional activities. To your point, we aren't going to go out and have crazy promotional activity that's not going to be sustainable and drive long-term growth. But we have a portfolio of things we want to continue to invest in. And frankly, some of the strength we're experiencing today is on the backs of some of the investments we made in the third and fourth quarter of last year. And you make a little bit of an investment, and then, several months later, you start to see the fruits of that investment. And that's one of the things that's leading to the strong IDs we've had in the first half. And we've tried to get into this rhythm where we're more diligent about when we invest, how we invest, balanced up against consistent results. And I think we're doing as good a job as we've ever done, and we still have that portfolio of areas where we would like to invest in. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, Ed, as I said in my prepared comments, the produce picture, actually, the deflation slowed. And actually, if you were to look at the very end of the quarter, there was a slight bit of inflation in the last several weeks. Nothing to write home about, but it was deflationary for the quarter but got less, and actually turned a bit towards the end of the quarter. You continue to see other categories out there that have a mixed bag. Grocery is still, let's call it, just north of flat, just a little bit of inflation, and that's a big driving factor in it. The other one to keep out -- to keep in mind, as you think about inflation, is pharmacy is a big inflationary area that I spoke of as well. The generic costs continue to go up. It's -- on the earlier question on the headwinds from gross margin in pharmacy, it's one of the reasons why that headwind exists, because you can't pass that on as quickly as the cost of the underlying pills go up. So it continues to be a mixed bag. You're seeing some of the meat complex get less inflationary and, in fact, deflationary in some areas, but still some slight inflation in other areas. Seafood is a little deflationary right now, but it continues to be a little bit all over the board. 
J. Schlotman: No, I agree. It's -- when there's any kind of disruption in a market, we look at it as an opportunity from a positive standpoint, not a woe-is-me, oh, what's going to happen, how are we going to deal with this. And when you -- when names change on banners, when people may go to market differently, the opportunity all exists that folks may look for a different place to shop that didn't do that in the past, and we want to make sure that Dawn [ph] and her team continue to do what they're doing to excite our customers and our associates in Southern California. 
J. Schlotman: I've had C-stores for 2 days, and I already got it in there. Honestly, I don't know the answer to that question. How many it's in or how broad the... 
J. Schlotman: I would say our M&A appetite is the same as it's always been when the -- if the right opportunity comes along and it's the right set of stores, right sets of assets and right management team, we would think about it. There's not a lot that happens in the space that doesn't come across our desk. I wouldn't read anything into the share buyback coming down in the quarter to signal something on M&A activity. We were pretty upfront that we expected to front-end load our share repurchase program. And really, what you're seeing in the second quarter is the use of stock option proceeds and the tax benefit from that to repurchase shares to offset that dilution. And we're comfortable with our leverage where it is, and it allows us a lot of flexibility. And keep in mind, we are increasing capital, which consumes some cash as well. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, the whole idea of HemisFares is to allow our customers to take a journey of food experience around the globe without having to leave home. And it'll be very specific on the packaging where the product's from. The folks at our Corporate Brands who've procured this actually have met with and visited with and helped with the folks who manufacture this product or produce the product on-site in their home country. And some of this product, it's the first time that anybody's gone through the trouble of importing the product with some of the items in it into the U.S. that we have. So they've done a phenomenal job with this, and we're really excited about yet another great offering for our customers in the stores. 
J. Schlotman: No, it's -- I was just looking to -- when you look across the departments, the strength of whether you look at the -- just the IDs or the inflation-adjusted ID sales, it's really pretty remarkable how broad-based the strength of that -- of the momentum is in various departments. I mean, we even -- we had some departments that, even on an inflation-adjusted basis, were still double-digit IDs sales inside their department, and I'm excluding fuel and pharmacy from that. So it's -- at the end of the day, it's really fundamental that -- I spoke of it earlier, why we're so cognizant of what volume we're driving from a unit basis because that's, at the end of the day, what drives your business. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, the comments I made earlier weren't directly related to any wage pressures. It was actually the -- our own decision, and Rodney mentioned it as well, of certain departments, where we invested some incremental hours in those departments to drive a better customer experience. And it also happens to be departments where some of our tonnage has been very strong as well. So those hours would have ultimately got -- been in the stores anyway, but it was in advance of that. The wage pressures, I would say, aren't really any different than what we spoke of in the first quarter. There continues to be some out there. We're cognizant of trying to deliver the right overall package to our associates from a solid wage, a good health care package and a retirement plan as well. And we're a little different than a lot of our competitors, where we're balancing all 3 of those for all of our associates. As it relates to HemisFares, I would put that in the category of the Private Selection and Simple Truth range, where it is more of an upscale product and a very high-quality product and it's -- but it does wind up having fairly broad appeal to a lot of folks. Because when you really step back and dissect a lot of customers, there are many customers who, on some items, are a budget shopper, on other items, they wind up splurging on particular items. And these can be the kinds of items those folks wind up splurging on, while in other departments, they're perfectly happy with an entry-level price point or a banner brand that's a lower price point for them. I would say that the HemisFares, as it develops, and Private Selection and Simple Truth, as that mix shifts towards those, it is actually one of the things that's helping to drive our mix to be a little bit different than it has been historically as well. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I wouldn't talk about a direct effect on gross margin, but I will tell you that pharmacy inflation in the quarter continued to be above 9%. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the -- you have contracts out there that you have to wait till you can pass it through. But also keep in mind, as generic inflation happens, we have the $4 30-day supply and $10 90-day supply, and we haven't changed those price points either. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, the -- we do, do some things for our -- for consumption in our own manufacturing plants when we look at supply of products and the supply chain that is out there. We don't go overboard on hedges, and we really don't use hedges so much. It would be cash purchase contracts to lock in a price for a period of time. But we typically don't get too excited about doing those things unless the current prices and projected prices are trending below a 5-year rolling average because it's -- if you talk to people in the oil industry today, oil is only going to do one thing, and that's go down. And when oil prices are going up and you talk to somebody in the oil industry, they're only going to do one thing, and that's go up forever. And I would say most people in the commodities world has -- have that view. So we're very careful about how we do it. The amount we consume is actually pretty large, so we try not to be -- I use the term a lot internally, I'd rather be approximately correct than precisely wrong. And if I made too big a bet one way or the other, I'd probably be precisely wrong. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, it -- so for example, I wouldn't go out, if I see something happening in produce, and try to hedge the apple crop this fall. Probably can't effectively do that anyway. But we do things with growers, trying to lock up fields and things like that, but that's more to make sure we have the exact product we want, not -- we do that regardless of the inflationary environment. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I prefer an environment where I have a bunch of division presidents upset with me that they have great projects that we haven't been able to fund because of our capital -- what they would call capital constraints, and spending $3.3 billion this year doesn't sound real constrained to me. So if they weren't clamoring for more dollars, I'd be nervous about our opportunities. But as long as they're clamoring, I feel good about where we are. 
