W. McMullen: Thanks, Gary.  The Kroger team successfully navigated another quarter in a dynamic operating environment with strong results. As our customers continue to deal with high inflation, our value proposition is resonating with them. And this reflects the balance we've built into our model. We have demonstrated the ability to offer customers fresh, affordable food and the value they need to help them manage their budgets while we continue to invest in our associates, reinvest in our business and consistently generate strong results. Our performance gives us the confidence that we have the right plan in place to build on our momentum and continue delivering value for all stakeholders.   So with that, Alex, we'll turn it over for questions. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The only other thing that might be helpful insight, John, is it's pretty consistent across the country as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. Just a couple of additional things. And Gary mentioned one of these in his prepared remarks, but the organization still has incredibly strong cost control, and this will be the fifth year in a row that we've been able to get over $1 billion of cost out. Obviously, that's an important part of that. And we do expect alternative profit to continue to be a little strong, a little bit stronger in the second half of the year as the first half of the year as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes, if you look overall, we continue to be satisfied with inflation and the pass-through. As Gary and I both mentioned, we're doing everything we can to minimize those increases and do it in a way that helps the customer in any way we can. And when you look at the total value proposition, we feel very good. When you look at fuel rewards, as I mentioned, we had 600,000 incremental households engaging in fuel rewards and record redemption from customers as well.  So overall, we're doing -- I feel very good about the ability to balance all the pieces and minimize the impact on the customer as much as we can. We feel very comfortable with our price gaps. And price gaps is with a multiple of different competitors is something that we track on an ongoing basis. And we feel good about the everyday price gap. And as you know, we get great feedback from customers on our promotional approach and customers really appreciate the promotional values that we offer as well to allow customers to stock up on items they use the most.  And we are very focused on using our data to make sure our offers are personalized for each household individually and discounts that just apply to them. And that's probably part of what's driving the fact that we had 750 million coupons downloaded as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes, I'll answer the first part of that and let Gary answer the second part of your question, Spencer. We continue to ramp up and the ramp in new markets would be among some of the best [indiscernible] sheds across the Ocado network. And as I mentioned before, the NPS scores are outstanding, a world-class or whatever positive you want to assign to them. And as customers engage with us with our Boost membership or our membership programs, that's causing them to even be more loyal as well.  In terms of the financial side, Gary, I'll let... 
W. McMullen: Part of it, Michael, is we're starting to cycle higher inflation a year ago. So it's really -- we do not expect inflation on inflation to be as high. So it's really driven by the cycling of where we were a year ago. And as you would recall, as we get later in the year, inflation ramped up very aggressively in the back half of last year. We expect the business to continue to stay strong and continue to make strong progress. We just don't expect the inflation to be quite as high as it was.  The first part of your question, Gary, you may have been able to just -- yes, you're kind of working in and out. 
W. McMullen: Well, obviously, all -- everything that you asked would have been reflected in our guidance for the balance of the year. We would -- most CPGs, you know well in advance of cost increases. So you're balancing the actual getting the cost increase along with what you pass through to customers. Obviously, you are -- on a weekly basis, you're looking at what pricing, where you are on spreads, better or worse than your competitors.  And the other thing that I think it's always important to remember for a customer that shops at Kroger, there's personalized rewards that are individualized for each household that the market would never see. And that's something that's incredibly valuable for our customers in addition to our fuel rewards and other pieces. So I think you really have to look at the total value proposition. 
W. McMullen: If you look at customer behavior, they're telling us they're modifying behavior more so outside of the grocery store than with us. Now the movement to Our Brands, what we always find is customers do it initially to save a little bit of money, but they fall in love with the product. So part of the continued acceleration of growth in Our Brands is driven by the value, but part of it is just the quality of the product. And that's been something that's been a long-term trend, not just a current trend.  The customers -- it's one of the reasons why we're so proud of our overall offering is customers can move between different types of product. But we still see customers engaging in things that are fresh, and are healthy, those aspects as well. So we're going to be there forever how the customer wants and needs us to be, and we're going to be very agile as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's a great question, Ken. And it's really broad-based. And the banner brand, I wouldn't say it's a surprise, but the banner brand continues to gain solid share. But even if you look at like private selection, which has a lot of unique and new products, the growth there continued to be strong as well. So it was very broad-based across really the whole store. 
W. McMullen: The majority is consolidating the sub-brands, just making it easier to shop. Those items are always great value for the money. The other thing that there would be incremental items introduced under the Smart Way brand in terms of just the absolute number of SKUs. So it's really a combination of introducing some new items and consolidating several sub-brands and making it easier for customers to shop. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, [ Brandon ], for the question. The other thing I think is important that I mentioned earlier is that we had household growth overall and loyal household growth as well, which is always important for the future. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The gap has continued to narrow and it's narrowed during the quarter as well. And if you look at it for the balance of the year, our teams would expect to continue to make progress and really proud of where we are. And we think the overall value for the customer and the overall seamless experience and focus on fresh continues to accelerate, and the customer continues to reward us for that as well. 
W. McMullen: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.  And as you know, I always like to share a few comments directly with our associates listening in as well. We are so proud of everything that everyone's achieved in this half of the year. Our outstanding associates continue to provide a world-class customer experience. And thank you directly on behalf of everyone for everything that you do for our community, our customers and each other every day.  I'd also like to take a moment to recognize our Louisville and Delta divisions and our manufacturing and distribution teams who responded immediately to help in the aftermath of a devastating flood in Eastern Kentucky and a water shortage in Jackson, Mississippi. Our store, manufacturing and distribution teams went to work to offer company and customer donations of supplies and funds and delivered more than 55,000 gallons of freshwater to both communities when they needed it. A huge thank you for stepping up to support our neighbors when they needed it the most.  I also want to congratulate our stores once again on achieving 100% execution of our Zero Hunger | Zero Waste food rescue. Your efforts provide healthy food directly to our neighbors who need it the most. Thank you for your commitment to creating and supporting communities free from hunger and waste.  And thanks to everyone again for joining us today. That concludes our second quarter earnings call. 
Gary Millerchip: I think you covered most of it, Rodney. As Rodney mentioned, John, we're certainly seeing for our most low shoppers continuing to win that first basket, and we're definitely seeing, as we look at our trends, that's holding up very well compared to what we're seeing overall within the market. And for our most loyal customers, as Rodney mentioned, we're seeing that number grow overall and trips also growing with our customer that most loyal shoppers starting to increase the number of trips into the store as well. So I think they are the key points that I would call out. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes, I think you picked up the biggest drivers with sourcing and the benefits. It's not so much forward buying but continuing to be really disciplined, John, with how we look at the designer product and how we're managing relationships with our supply partners as well.  One of the areas I would say, specifically in that, that was a tailwind this quarter versus last quarter is the sourcing team and supply chains working really well together to offset the pressure on fuel costs and making sure that we're improving efficiency in the supply chain and operating at optimum levels to really offset that. And naturally, whereas in the last couple of quarters, supply chain would have been a headwind to gross margin, it was essentially flat this quarter. And that wasn't because fuel costs were not a headwind year-over-year. It was really how we applied our approach to the challenge across sourcing the supply chain to make our operation more efficient. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes, absolutely. Kelly, thanks for the question. Yes, I think you've actually picked on many of the key points. We would be expecting many of the levers that we've been pulling in managing to grow sales and grow customer loyalty and manage the margin performance in the business will be consistent in the back half of the year. The key elements that we called out are what would optically make our EPS growth look less meaningful in the second half.  First of all, as you mentioned, our total LIFO charge for the year is about a $250 million headwind for the whole year, which translates to about $100 million, so about $0.10 of EPS impact in the back half of the year.  On fuel, we haven't changed our view. [ Fuel's ] been very difficult to predict, and we don't want to kind of rely on potential upside in fuel when it really isn't something that we -- while the team does a great job of managing the best in the conditions, we don't lead, obviously, on fuel pricing. Our reward program, which really what drives our strategy in fuel. So we're assuming, as we cycle $0.43 to $0.44 of CPG profit from the back half of last year, but if fuel rates more sort of return to normalized levels, then that would be a $50 million to $60 million headwind in the back half of the year.  So there's about $0.16 of EPS headwinds that we have built in today for LIFO. Were it not for those two, then essentially our EPS would be sort of in the 6% to 8% growth range very much in line with our TSR. So we do still expect the underlying profitability of our supermarket business to improve in the back half of the year as we exclude LIFO and fuel. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, Rodney. Just a couple of things. Overall, I would say, Kelly, we're pleased with the progress that we saw in the quarter. As you heard me mention in my prepared comments, we're certainly starting to see some traction on some of the key initiatives that we've been investing in, whether it's the Customer Fulfillment Centers that are powered by Ocado in both new and existing markets, the launch of Boost and as Boost continues to ramp up and we see about 25% of customers that sign up for Boost are completely new to digital. So that's a really good driver of the digital business as well.  And then we're still in the early infancy stages of some of those convenience trip missions that I mentioned, whether it's Kroger Delivery Now with our partnership with Instacart, where products can be delivered, smaller baskets, within 30 minutes, and also the meal solutions, things like sushi and [indiscernible]. So a lot of really exciting developments and activities that we're focused on, and we saw some good momentum in those areas coming through, which is why we also shared in my prepared comments that we'd expect the momentum to continue in the back half of the year.  I think the only other comment I would make is that we are taking a step back certainly to figure out what is the overall market digital growth is likely to look like this year because Rodney mentioned during his prepared comments that we're building a seamless ecosystem for the customer and what we're seeing and customers are moving between the channels and making the decisions of where they shop. And ultimately, we want to make sure the customer will go to Kroger and they're choosing to shop through the store or pickup or delivery, whatever works for them. And we certainly have certain assumptions around how we thought the digital market will grow this year, and we've sort of taken a step back as we look at the back half of the year and really sort of assess how we think the market overall is growing. But our focus is really on making sure that seamless ecosystem is winning the customers' loyalty overall, whichever channel they choose to shop through. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Rodney. I wouldn't say, Spencer, if there's anything dramatically changed in our view that we shared previously around how we think about the CFCs powered by Ocado maturing over time. I think, as Rodney mentioned, we've certainly been pleased with what we're seeing with customer connection and sales trends. And when we think about the Net Promoter Scores and the value that we're offering, we're seeing that the gross margin profile, if you like, of that customer and also the growth that we have expected is very much in line with what we have originally envisaged.  As you know, I think one of the key things for us with the big facilities is it is a 4 to 5-year journey as you're building to maturity and building to scale. And so there are some elements of that, that until you kind of understand what the customer density looks like at scale, we're still figuring out some of that operational efficiency in the model. So there's nothing really new I would call out, but we continue to work on building that full picture. And as you know, in the first two facilities, we're only 18 months really in that journey of a 4-year journey overall to get to capacity. But generally, I'd say still consistent with what we shared previously. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Michael, I think we tend not to look at it specifically in the way that you're describing at that 3-year view. But I would say that overall, we think about our progress in the second quarter, we believe we were able to accelerate our growth relative to Q1 compared to the market. So we felt that from everything you could see, we were able to win customers and to change trajectory versus how the market was moving from Q1 to Q2. So we feel very positive about the momentum that we saw in the business in Q2.  And as Rodney mentioned, we believe that momentum will continue in the back half of the year, but we are expecting while inflation will remain at heightened levels, we think it will start to taper out because with the cycling, call it, 4% higher inflation in the back half of last year compared to the first half of last year. So even if inflation does continue to grow, you're cycling about 4% higher inflation rate from the prior year.  And we are starting to see a little bit of data that would say it's really hard to predict, and none of us had our perfect crystal ball. But if you look at the growth in cost inflation from Q1 to Q2, it would be less than the growth that we saw in Q4 last year to Q1 this year. And some of the forward-looking futures data on some of the key commodities are starting to show a little bit of signs that things may be leveling off somewhat. So obviously, there's been plenty of shocks in the last 12 months that can change that very quickly. But the data points that we can see right now, we think it's appropriate to forecast and provide guidance that it seems slightly tapering to the inflation rate in the back half of the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Maybe just to add, Rodney, I think, Michael, from the perspective of how we manage gross margin, I think of it much more of a -- we're not trying to manage to a number every quarter. Obviously, we're managing it more long term and there's lots of moving parts that we manage. The tailwinds would be the work we do in sourcing, the mix improvements through fresh growing and Our Brands growing and new innovation products. And of course, things like alternative profit streams adding to that model as well. So we're still investing in the customer. And from our perspective, we feel very good about our ability to manage the model through the evolving environment.  And overall, again, if you look at our rolling 12 months of gross margin, it's probably in that sort of 10 to 20 basis points of investment. And I think that's what we shared at the beginning of the year where we expect it to be. So we are delivering, we believe, on the plan that we shared. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I mean I think from what we see, we wouldn't expect it to be that dramatic a change. As I mentioned, I think we would expect there to be some flattening out of inflation in the back half of the year, but there's nothing that we see right now that would cause us to believe there's going to be a dramatic change in the level of inflation in the back half of the year.  And from our perspective, I think it probably ties back to Rodney's earlier comment, we feel that we're monitoring and using our data very closely to adapt as to how customers change behavior. And we believe through the combination of fuel rewards, through the Our Brands portfolio of products that we offer and through the pricing and promotional offers that we have, we've got a very strong sort of portfolio of plans to be able to adapt to the customer with us. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think what I would say is overall, if you think about there's probably three pieces that impacted OG&A materially during the quarter. The one you mentioned, which was the true-up for the first half of the year on our incentive calculation based on our improved performance, we calculate what the [indiscernible] would be for the year. And so we have to catch up for the first 2 quarters in the year.  Secondly, as you mentioned, we invested in some strategic initiatives that we believe will accelerate growth as we look into '23 and beyond in particular, and I'll come back to that in a second. The third would be, we were cycling 1 or 2 items that were -- as of the timing were particularly strong in Q2 last year. So when you add those three things together and sort of remove them from the number, we would have achieved an improvement in the OG&A rate during the quarter, which is why we kind of guided you to when we take out those three factors, which wouldn't repeat in our view for the rest of the year, but we would expect overall for the rest of the year to see OG&A rate improvement. It's probably fairly flat in Q3, but likely to be meaningfully better than that in Q4 is how we would think about it. And I wouldn't want to get into maybe breaking down the digital because we typically don't do that. But I would just say that all three of those together will really what caused the increase in the rates.  As regards to the new initiatives, I think it is more of what you've seen before. It's more just that as we look at how the customer is changing and our business model continues to evolve. We identified 2 or 3 areas where we think there are opportunity to accelerate. And an example would be in shrink and investing in some new capabilities to be able to continue to improve shrink performance as we look out for the forecast for our model on shrink and that, of course, helps gross margin as well.  And then I mentioned earlier, but we're really pleased with the progress that we made in health and wellness during the quarter, and we made some strategic investments in the health and wellness space where we believe there's an opportunity for us to continue to drive profitable growth, not only in the second half of this year as we cycle the vaccines for last year but also beyond in 2022 and 2024. 
Gary Millerchip: I wouldn't say, Robert, really changes our view of the opportunity ahead of us. As you know, we've laid out a clear plan at our Investor Day in March, and we still feel really confident in both the growth model that we outlined and where we believe the strategic investments will make sense across the supply chain, across our store portfolio and obviously continue to invest in digital. So I wouldn't read into it that we're any less excited or have less confidence in those plans. It's far more the former point that you made. But when we look at some of the short-term supply challenges, when we look at some of the costs in the market in the short term, it just made more sense in our view to balance that plan and to adjust the schedule. So it would be far more in that camp than the other. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Yes. Overall, our team did a fantastic job in managing fuel margins. And as I think you probably know, we -- our goal is to make sure we're very competitive on price, and then we give significant value back to our customers via our fuel rewards program that flows through our supermarket gross margin, not through that fuel P&L that we share -- the metrics that we shared on the call. So overall, last quarter would certainly have been some great work by our team in capturing value wherever they go through sourcing of fuel and how we promoted and drove engagement with customers. But a lot of it is also just to do with the volatility in the market and as prices were changing in the fuel market, which I think has been seen across the industry.  So as we look forward, we believe we have a clear strategy around delivering great value for the customer, making sure we're sourcing the product really effectively, optimizing the reward program. Our view at some point is that fuel margins sort of normalize, and we don't think it's prudent for us to predict these extremely high unusual levels of profitability. So I wouldn't say we have perfect insight into what will happen to fuel margins in the back half of the year. We think it's prudent to bring them back to more of what we thought would be a normal rate at the beginning of the year. If it turns out that there is significantly greater margins on fuel then, of course, that would impact our outcome for the rest of the year, but we think it would be not prudent for us to be forecasting that. That's really how we think about the rest of the year. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I think just a bit of color maybe to the last comment, we mentioned on this one would be that our sales growth was higher than the increase that we saw from Q1 to Q2, was higher than the increase we saw in cost inflation. So overall, we're pleased with the trajectory in our growth. And we believe compared to the market, we were able to improve our trajectory, Q2 versus Q1 compared to how the market overall performed. 
Gary Millerchip: I think, Rupesh, like I mentioned earlier, we feel very good about the plans we have to achieve our long-term -- or our overall TSR model around the growth that we've shared around growing earnings at 3% to 5% and our TSR at 8% to 11%. And we've got, I think, some very clear capital expenditure plans that we believe will allow us to drive that sustained growth.  So I think we are being deliberate in the short term about making sure the -- if the pricing of certain supplies and products just would change their return materially then we're adjusting our timing there, and there are some challenges just around labor and raw materials and getting the plans executed in the time scale that we'd originally envisaged. But I don't think for us, we look at the announcements that we made this morning on our latest forecast of CapEx as being less excited about the prospects of investing in the business for growth. I think it's more of a function of just some of the short-term headwinds for us. 
