W. McMullen: Thanks, Gary. I am so proud and deeply grateful for our 0.5 million associates who step forward to be there for our customers and communities when they need us the most. In true Kroger spirit, they have risen to the occasion to each challenge presented with a strong spirit of agility, determination and service to meet the needs of our customers, and these are the exact skills that will ensure the company will remain relevant to our customers in the future.  As I shared when we first began this call, we quickly had to adapt to a new way of life. We continue to make progress on the underlying business, even with the recent customer demand tailwinds. We are confident that Restock Kroger has allowed us to reposition our business and to create value for all our stakeholders prior to and during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: I love the question. And if you look at the strategic decisions we've made over the last several years, it highlighted those decisions really paid off in the current environment. Our digital and delivery and pickup business in the last 2 months grew triple digits and continues to grow at that. And to have the ability to grow at that kind of level that quickly, just so proud of the whole team in terms of the foundations that were already in place but also the stores and all the other parts and supply chain on being able to supply and hire people and support that. So we fundamentally believe the long-term trend will continue where people will continually depend more on e-commerce. We certainly have seen that be accelerated. We don't think it will stay at the higher level where it is today permanently, but we do think, fundamentally, the growth has been accelerated and will be higher than where it started before COVID-19 and then grow from there.  One of the things that's incredibly important is all the pieces tied together, including Ocado, will allow us to continue to grow and improve our profitability of that part of the business. As you know, when a customer first switches to online, it typically takes 3 or 4 years before that customer's profitability is the same as when they shop in the store. But what we find is we get a significantly higher share of that customer's total household spend. And there isn't anything that we've seen that wouldn't cause us to believe that the new e-commerce shopper doesn't feel that way, and a lot of those customers are telling us they intend to continue to shop more e-commerce than before, and we would expect to get a higher share of their business.  We've also seen a lot of customers new to Kroger come and use our delivery and pickup business, and we're seeing nice repeat purchases from those customers. So all those things cause us to feel good about the things we have in place and feel even better about Ocado and the other pieces that we're working on going forward. 
W. McMullen: It's each customer's household. So if you look, obviously, when they first switched to e-commerce, we're spending the labor to pick their order, where before that, the customer spent that labor. What we find is, over time, we continue to get more efficient with our picking operations on picking an order, and the customer spends more money with us, so their total spend increases. So what we find is every -- you'd have to look at every single customer separately. So the customers that first started shopping e-commerce 3 years ago, they're to the point now where their profitability is the same as before they went to e-commerce, but we're getting a higher percentage of their spend. And looking forward, we believe we'll be able to continue to reduce the cost to serve that customer. A new customer starts day 1, so you have that headwind until we are able to earn more of their total household spend. And what we find is we're able to do that. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look, delivery was a higher growth than pickup, especially during the peak of the COVID cases. As areas have reopened and companies have reopened their offices and things like that, the growths are starting to get more similar.  Gary, on the growth, I'll let you answer the growth and the changes there. 
W. McMullen: One other comment, Ed, on the first part of your question, and it's hard to assign specific numbers and specific numbers just for the second quarter versus third quarter, fourth quarter and even 2021. But when we talk to customers, we -- our customers still tell us they plan to eat more meals at home than before. When talking to customers about when their children return to schools, we still have a significantly higher percentage of families telling us they plan to make breakfast for the kids to take to school and lunch for the kids to take to school. All of those things in terms of what customers are telling us, we would expect there'll be more meals eaten at home or prepared at home that obviously will help support growth as well. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look in terms of overall, digital would have been, I don't know, probably 6.5% or 7% of the total company. It would have been predominantly pickup versus delivery in terms of the mix, but the percentage growth was higher on delivery. So -- and if you look at -- the other thing on delivery, a lot is delivered directly to people's homes, either through FedEx or UPS. And that's basically the similar number is what is delivered via Instacart and other services.  On the other piece, Gary, I'll let you answer Karen's other. 
W. McMullen: Yes. We love the question, and it's something that we're spending a ton of resources. We had as many new customers come to us in a couple of weeks as what we did all of last year, and we continue to have a lot of new customers. So we're using all the things that we would normally do on welcoming new customers in but doing it in a much more aggressive way. Obviously, one of the things that we want to make sure is they have a great experience. So if you look at our supply chain team working with our merchants, we're getting the stores inventories back up to pre-COVID levels. So the in-stock position improves. The continued focus on fresh and continuing to even -- fresh was a priority already, but making sure that the products that customers get stays fresh and then with a friendly smile or an incredibly easy digital experience.  So your question, we love, it's the opportunity that we have in front of us. So far, we've been able to gain good market share during the pandemic. And obviously, we're going to continue to focus on making sure we take care of those customers and keep them and continue to build their basket in terms of what they spend with us versus other places. 
W. McMullen: And we would expect to continue to do promotions. And one of the things when you look at the details behind first quarter, almost basically all the gross margin improvement was driven by leverages and marketing expense from the higher sales, warehouse and transportation and shrink, and our team had incredible strong quarter on shrink. So it's really those leverage, and we would expect continue to have some of those leverage benefits at the higher sales that we're expecting. 
W. McMullen: It's a great question. And I can tell you before COVID-19, our digital business has become a tailwind in terms of the incremental improvement from where it was before. And as we look forward, we would expect as customers mature that, that would still be the case. And that's going to be a combination of customer spending -- and I'm talking about in total, not just the new customers by themselves. In total, as that customer continues to give us more of their total share of spend for a household and as our teams continue to take costs out in terms of serving that customer and as our Ocado sheds begin to take -- come online and some of the other facilities to supply our customers, we would expect that digital will be a tailwind for us as we move forward, and it's really just the fact that the business basically doubled overnight. 
W. McMullen: It's really if you look -- as we've been working on it in total, and Ocado has done a lot of work to be able to get the economics viable for a smaller shed, over time, that will allow us to go into smaller markets with those -- with sheds as well. So it's part of the overall supply chain design, and it's playing out as we expected. And Ocado is continuing to up their game as well. So it's really the experience. We're looking forward to Ocado's sheds opening up in Canada and France, and that will provide an additional set of learnings as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- overall, we're still seeing people shop at fewer stores and, as Gary mentioned, a large spend per basket. If you look at the department, that's probably the easiest directly to talk about is our deli department. And our deli department, the trends over the last 4 or 5 weeks have been significantly improved from where it was in the height of the lockdowns. We would expect a lot of those meals are things where people are preparing at home and taking to work. Our customers tell us they're still minimizing the different places they go and minimizing their exposure. So that's something that we want to make sure that we're there for the customer. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- first of all, if you look at things that we think, for sure, is the digital channel and people eating via that accelerated the trends that we're already on. If you look at like our Home Chef business, they had an incredible quarter with picking up new customers as well.  The thing that I get most hopeful about is when we talk to customers, customers tell us they like eating at home as a family and eating together and having meals together at home. And one of our responsibilities is to help them keep it fresh and innovative and new ideas, and we continue to work on that. But everything that we can see, the customer likes that, and they like learning how to cook and cook as a family. So that trend is something that we focus on a lot and try to make sure we're supportive of it. 
W. McMullen: Yes. One of the things that I'm super proud of our teams is we've had an ad and promoted every week during the pandemic to try to help our customers' budget go as far as possible. The only change that we made was we stopped doing the buy 10 for 10s and things like that, that incentivized multiple purchases on items that we're in short supply because we wanted to support as many customers as possible, getting those.  We would continue to use our data to understand what's important to the customer and some customers are in different financial situations, whether they lost their jobs or they were able to work from home. And we're supporting both of those customer segments with promotions, loyalty mailings and other offers that are 1:1, in addition to what you can see in an ad, and we think that's an important component to continue to support. 
W. McMullen: I think it's too early to tell for sure, and those were states where people were more comfortable going out, anyway, even during lockdowns. So it's really early to -- but we're really not seeing massive shift changes.  One last question. 
W. McMullen: Yes. If you look at -- on the ticket growth, we had significant double-digit increases in the average basket size. And we're finding that customers are going into the store less frequently, and so well over 100% of the growth is driven by basket size. If you look at new customers and existing customers, it's a meaningful number, but it's maybe 1/4 or 1/3 of the total when you look at all the pieces because we also have a lot of new customers to pick up and where we've launched where customers can pay a SNAP at pickup and things like that, new customers there as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The -- that's a question, obviously, we're spending a lot of time internally talking through and trying to understand as well. The thing that, Gary talked about it a little bit, but if you look at -- we would expect '21 to be better than what the trend would have been for '21 before COVID, and Gary mentioned that briefly in answering one of the other questions. So everything that we can see, we believe there are certainly meaningful shifts in the way people eat. I won't say permanent but certainly multiyear and that we would expect '21 to be better than what '21 would have been before COVID.  To give more specifics than that, I think it's hard to say. As we get to next year, one of the things that we would expect is, certainly, in-stock positions will be better, which will be helpful, but people will be going back to a normal life more so as well. So we're going to do everything we can to make sure we're taking care of the customers we have and getting more of their share in the new customers. And the easiest point of context is just we would expect '21 to be better than what '21 would have been pre-COVID.  Thanks, Michael. Appreciate it. I think the last question was a great question to end on. If you look at Restock Kroger and the work from Restock Kroger certainly position the Kroger well to deal, and we had good growth before COVID, and COVID certainly accelerated the infrastructure and foundations we had in place. And as we look to 2021, we would expect that to be better than what it was before COVID.  The other comment that I want to make is, as you know, we always like to share a few final comments directed toward our associates and how we live our purpose every day. The senseless killings of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor and so many more, too many more across our country have shaken me to the core. We share in everyone's feelings of sadness and outrage for the victims and their families. I am compelled to use Kroger's voice to express that we're against racism and the injustice toward the Black community. To become a greater part of the solution, we believe the most important next step is to listen.  Recently, I was proud to be invited by Dr. Bernice King of The King Center to listen, learn and participate in open dialogue about how companies like ours can drive real tangible change. We also held the first of several listening sessions to hear directly from our associates about how we can better support them. Informed by deliberate listening, we intend to take more action. As the first step, our company is establishing a $5 million fund to support the advancement of racial equality and justice. This new investment will be earmarked within The Kroger Foundation for improving diversity, equity and inclusion. We know there's more work to be done, and we will continue to share our progress.  Thank you for all you have done and will do for each other and our customers and communities. And to all on the call, thank you for joining our call today. Thank you very much. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I think the biggest factor, Rupesh, would be that -- I mentioned it earlier, but just to maybe to give a bit more color on fuel for quarter 1 and how we see quarter 2 potentially shaping up because that would be the -- I think the biggest factor in the numbers. Overall, as I mentioned earlier, when we think about the supermarket business, we're expecting continued strong sales momentum, and we feel good about the ability to manage the margin and the investments that we'll continue to make as a result of COVID-19.  I think the biggest factor and the difference between the 2 quarters as we look at the guidance for the second quarter, in the first quarter, fuel has been a significant tailwind for us overall despite the fact that gallons were significantly lower through COVID. As we start to look at Q2, and we'll be cycling margins from Q2 last year, and even though the fuel trend in gallons has continued to gradually get better every week, we're still seeing a decline in year-over-year gallons. And the current trend would be in the sort of mid-teens range of negative growth in gallons, which is consistent with what's being seen in the market.  So as we look at the fuel performance in Q2 and what we see today, we're thinking that could be a headwind of anywhere between $50 million to $100 million. So it would be important to think about that as you're thinking about the guidance that we shared for Q2 because that would be the -- I think the primary factor that would despite the continued growth and improvement in performance that we'd expect over the original budget in the supermarket business. Hope that helped. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure, yes. Thanks for the question. I would say that the way that we see the digital customer behavior flow through in the P&L, it's not a meaningfully different mix in terms of overall pass-through in gross margin rates. Rodney's point earlier, generally, we see customers increase their spend. The basket size increases, and the mix is pretty consistent. The area that would have impacted gross margin would have been more in the fact that we run the fee waiver promotion. So that would have certainly been a headwind in the gross margin category.  Really, where we see the bigger impact on digital is Rodney's earlier response around the incremental labor that's involved in picking the order. So if you think about the pass-through rate that we might see on a traditional sale through the store, which we've talked about historically being the 15% plus range, it would be significantly lower than that on the equivalent basis because you've got the incremental labor associated with those sales. So it would be more of an impact in the OG&A rate than it would be in gross margin when you think about the quarter. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ed. There's a couple of parts for that, obviously. I think in terms of sales, as we shared in our brief prepared comments on sales, we're obviously watching the trends very closely. Part of the challenge is it's very hard to know obviously exactly how we expect the customer behavior to return back to whatever a new normal becomes. We certainly expect as states have reopened to start to see a gradual return to some level of lower food eaten at home, but we do think that's going to be more gradual than a specific stair step-down. We're starting to see some change in Q2, as we mentioned during the prepared comments, and -- but it's not really sort of a specific step-down when states have reopened. It's much more of a gradual process as you start to see customers returning to some level of normal behavior.  I would also say it's not very consistent. It's not as though states that reopened first are seeing the bigger step-down. It's relatively more tied to when states first experienced a major outbreak of COVID from what we can see and also depending on how aggressive the spike in sales were in that market when the outbreak first happened. That's tending to more correlate with the gradual change in shopping behavior.  So we're watching it very closely. We are starting to see visit frequency pick up a bit. We're seeing more of the departments that might be more splurge I mentioned earlier growing like daily baker and specialty cheese and floral, but it really is a gradual process. And I think we still say it's too early at the moment, only a few weeks in to know. So we're expecting it to be a gradual step-down from where we ended Q1 and the trend that we shared so far in Q2. And obviously, we're watching it very closely and maintaining flexibility to make sure we're winning every dollar from a customer perspective around how we make sure we're continuing to grow market share and grow share of wallet.  From a gross margin perspective, obviously, we haven't gone into a specific guidance around what we would expect to see there. We continue to invest in promotions, as Rodney shared, and we certainly expect that to become more and more normal as we go through the year now that the supply chain is starting to normalize, but there are still going to be some areas where it will be more difficult to promote where there are still some overhangs of supply issues in certain categories.  On the COVID-related costs, it really -- if you think about breaking down the total OG&A expense in Q1, it's really 3 buckets I would kind of categorize it into. The first would be the COVID-specific costs around the $830 million that we talked about, obviously, in the press release and the prepared comments. The majority of that was around rewarding our associates and making sure that they shared in the success of the quarter. And then there were also some costs associated with incremental labor for cleaning and PPE equipment. We'd certainly be expecting some of those costs to continue as we go through the year with safety being the top priority. We're also obviously investing in labor in supporting our digital growth, and we'd expect that labor to continue as we continue to win that customer and make sure that we're winning their overall loyalty. And the third major cost in OG&A, obviously, with the pension contribution, which we wouldn't be expecting to repeat.  So I think it's really in OG&A. The cost that will flow through are going to be the safety and cleaning costs that we'd expect to continue to be investing in and the incremental labor associated with supporting digital growth going forward. 
Gary Millerchip: That's right. So think of it as it's a green status plan. It's over 80% funded, so there's not an obligation for us to make that payment. But obviously, it's something that we're committed to making sure that, long term, we're securing that future liquidity of the plant. And especially during times like this when there's market volatility, sometimes there could be pressure on those plans to have to liquidate assets to be able to make contributions, and we wanted to make sure that the plans were not put in that risk. So we decided to basically invest those dollars now to protect the future. And obviously, over time, that will derisk the need for us to have to invest, but it wasn't a requirement to make those payments. 
Gary Millerchip: That's correct. Yes. The only way that we would approach those examples would be if we identified an opportunity to be able to pull away from the multiemployer plans and bring them into the same way that we run that UFCW plan if there was a -- if it made sense for us to do that from an investor and associate perspective because we could derisk the future liabilities and be able to take more control of that potential exposure in the future But we have no obligation on those, unless we were to make -- take that action like we did with the plan you described earlier. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. So it depends on which piece of the plan, just to clarify, Karen, you're talking about. So as Ed mentioned a moment ago, we have a multiemployer plans that we separated and we now manage internally. And as I mentioned earlier, they would be in the green status, so there'd be no obligation for us to be making those payments, but we're obviously looking to get them over time a fully funded status and to minimize the risk to associates. So think about that as it's minimizing. If returns weren't where they needed to be, it minimizes the risk as of us having to make contributions in the future and ensures those pension plans are in a strong position for our associates.  The multiemployer plans that we're a participant in but we don't have a current obligation to fund beyond the annual contributions that we're making through our negotiated contracts with the unions, that would be an exposure as of the end of last year and as we reported in the 10-K, $2.3 billion or $1.8 million after tax. And they're ones where, over time, we would certainly look at if there are options to figure out different ways to structure our arrangements so that we can address those liabilities, but they would be very specifically defined and ring-fenced transactions that we would obviously share publicly in the future, if we were to decide that was the right thing to do. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. So we -- as I mentioned, we would have pension expense related to our multiemployer plans that we pay into as part of the negotiated contracts with the unions. And obviously, where we need to continue to fund the plan that's internal, we'll make those contributions when we need to. But we -- obviously, that can vary significantly. But most of the most of the pull -- if I call it, pull forward may be a potential liability in the future, it doesn't relate to what we would do in 2020. 
Gary Millerchip: Yes. So as I mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, we -- certainly, we're thrilled with the cash balance that we generated during the quarter. Part of that does reflect the improved operating performance. Part of it was a significant improvement in working capital. We want to make sure that, obviously, we maintain maximum flexibility in the short term, just with some of the uncertainty that still exists in the market. And we also want to make sure we understand how much of the working capital benefit will continue because we do believe we've made strong progress on working capital over the last really 12 months to 18 months as we've continued to look at ways to free up cash flow, but some elements of that will be inflated, just because of the higher sales in the first quarter and the way our working capital cycle works. And some of it is also related to the CARES Act, where there's a delay in certain tax payments as part of the way that the CARES Act was structured. So we would expect as a result of all of that still to generate incremental free cash flow this year.  As we go through the next couple of months, we're really going to focus on what do we think is the optimal way to use that cash flow consistent with our overall capital allocation strategy that we shared with you in our Investor Day in November. So think about is we'll look at are there opportunities where we could continue to invest in the business to drive longer-term growth. We'll certainly be looking at are there any reasons to restructure any of the pension future MEPP liabilities that would allow us to take that potential liability and risk off the table longer term. And then, of course, we'll also be looking at how might we redeploy that cash to our shareholders consistent with our strategy of continuing to grow our dividend over time but also looking at buybacks to shareholders as well. 
Gary Millerchip: Judah, the only thing I would add is that, to your point around data, we spent a lot of time looking at the data that we have and also the data that's available in the marketplace over the last 20 years from whether it's government data, more broad market data, along with our own shopping information, and really looking at what are the scenarios around where we see the customer going over, to your point, not really the next sort of month or 2 but the rest of the year and into next year and maybe even further out.  We do feel from everything that we see that we're putting ourselves in a strong position based on the investments that we're making as part of Restock Kroger to come out the other side of this in a stronger place. And everything that we see, while this obviously no one knows and it's hard to predict, would say that based on the -- less around maybe the pandemic but just on generally when customers are in more of an economically challenged situation and combining that with these restrictions, we do think there'll be some level of a -- I won't call it a permanent shift but a multiple-year shift to food eaten at home versus food away from home, and that's been very much the case in our data and the external data when you look at the last couple of recessions.  So our focus is very much on how do we make sure we're using personalization and tools and our strategy around creating value to really make sure that as we look out 12, 18 months, we come out of this in a stronger position, both in customers consuming more food at home but also Kroger's market share, so that it allows us to accelerate our overall long-term model around Restock Kroger but also delivering shareholder value. And we feel very positive about the way in which we believe we can deliver that over longer term. I think it's easier to look at the longer term in some ways than it is probably for the next 6 months and how exactly the trends will play out. 
Gary Millerchip: Sure. On the pension side, yes, so the payment that we're making in Q2 is a discrete payment that we -- sorry, in Q1, I'm sorry, that we deliberately took the decision as we were in a strong position from a performance perspective and a cash flow perspective. We have no obligation to make that payment. It doesn't cause us to have to make payments later in the year or that we are obligated to some additional commitments later in the year. It was very much a decision that we made to take advantage of the strong performance and essentially protect that future risk and make sure that our associates' pension plans are in a strong position. So it's very much more of a forward-looking view of saying let's make sure we're putting ourselves and putting our associates in a position where we're protecting the future when we have the opportunity to do so.  From a gross margin perspective, yes, certainly, I think on the alternative profit side, I mentioned it earlier. On the Media business, we're seeing a tremendous pickup in growth. So I wouldn't believe that we would see any headwinds from media. That's continuing to bounce back very strongly from a very temporary delay that we experienced in the first quarter, really during the lockdown period and as things were reset. Kroger Personal Finance is the biggest element of alternative profit from a profit contribution perspective, and that is sort of more, I guess, dependent on some of the broader recovery in the market when you think about gift card sales, restaurants are an important part of that category.  And when you think about credit card spend, those elements are all tied to continued improvement in the economic situation. So while we are still able to tap into opportunity in KPF because we have low penetration of our customer base, we would expect that to continue to be a headwind in terms of impacting gross margin and performance for the year. But media, certainly, we wouldn't have that same view there. 
Gary Millerchip: I think the other thing I would add, Rodney, is that we mentioned earlier around the pickup fee being an investment in price with the promotion there. But also, we did adapt our plan around making sure we're giving value to customers where product was more available. And so the team did a really nice job in promoting on HBC and general merchandise products. And while it's very true to say that grocery and fresh led the way, we saw significant double-digit growth in both of those categories and would have seen some lower gross margin in those 2 categories because we were more promotional in making sure that as being a business that was opened through the pandemic that we were delivering value for customers. I think that's been -- the team did a really nice job of making sure we were creating value there and delivering value there. 
