David Dillon: Thanks, Mike. And as you can tell, we're very pleased with our financial results for the quarter and the year. Kroger's performance is the result of our associates' hard work and commitment to make each day better for our customers. We grew our business in 2012. And building on that momentum, we expect to deliver the growth in 2013 that we outlined at our investor meeting in October. Now we look forward to your questions. 
David Dillon: I think we've seen it more amplified in the last 6 months or so than it had been, and that's why I called it out last quarter. And I think what we saw this last quarter was much of the same. Now last year was also hampered by the fact that there was a 2-day swing in the calendar because of leap day a year ago and when you come to the first of month or end of the month. And we've now rounded that, so we don't have that issue to contend with. But the issues that I was referring to really is the fragile nature of the consumer, and I think that they ended up swinging with -- almost with that day's news. Now that may be a little bit of an exaggeration, but you can see, as we do our polling, you can see heightened awareness. In January, for instance, on taxes -- I mean, that just shows crystal clear that it was on their minds. And I think it's things like that, that caused them to have that swing in how they approach their own daily living. 
David Dillon: Well, actually, we're calling out specifically in this case because sometimes, we can see behavior in sales as we did actually see it a couple years ago when the debt ceiling was been debated. But this time, when you look at the payroll tax, lots was written about the payroll tax, and lots of people were assuming. Of course, it's early in that process, so I don't know that we'll feel differently -- could feel differently down the road. But right now, what we see is taxes and the payroll tax and other issues like that on people's minds in a very noticeable way, and we see the variability from day to day, week to week. But we do not see what we think is a dollar sales impact in total on what's happening from the payroll tax. 
David Dillon: It certainly could have. It wasn't a big enough factor that we would be able to -- that we were able to discern it specifically in our minds. But it's one of the factors that I think we would list, and it's what was going on in the consumer's world. 
David Dillon: Yes. The ID trends grew. By the 13th period, they were the strongest of the quarter, which is our last period of that quarter. And in fact, you didn't ask about it, but I'll add the additional 4 quarter -- or 4 weeks, rather, 4.5 weeks that we've had since that time. If you take the 13th period and the 4.5 weeks since that time, they both were about the same, and they both exceeded actually slightly above what our sales range guidance is for the year 2013. So we're pleased with that. We did have some weather in the last few weeks that has positively helped our sales. But even if you take that out, I think we were solidly -- certainly above the midpoint of what the guidance is that we gave. 
David Dillon: Let me take a shot at the market share question, and then I'll see if Rodney wants to bring that and the loyal households together. But on the market share, I would encourage you not to think of it as an accounting number and with precision. I would think of it as more a directional picture. It's a very helpful indicator of where things are headed, but I think it's more important really to look at it in combination with other things. So the first thing we noted on our market share was that it has been growing in the second half of the year so that you can assume that  the comparison for the year, that we're -- we may have had -- we had some -- we did have. In fact, we talked about some of the struggles we had with tonnage early last year, and that's changed. Our tonnage through the last half of this past year was strong. And in fact, as I indicated on the sales so far in the 4.5 weeks we've had it in this quarter, our tonnage continued strong, too. So if you combine the sales trends we've experienced, the tonnage we have experienced with what the ACNielsen material shows us, it's certainly directionally strong. Yes, it may be a little bit less than what it had been, but I don't -- in terms of market share. But I don't think it's a meaningful variance. I don't think that the numbers are that accurate that we can see that kind of variance in them. Rodney, you may want to add to that, and feel free to comment on the households. 
David Dillon: I would agree with all of that. I would add to the metric. I would add tonnage, too. So I'd look at ID sales, tonnage and then what the ACNielsen material shows. And I'd look for the intersection of what those 3 things together are telling us. That's how we look at it. 
David Dillon: Meredith, I think it's actually both, personally. We were -- I think we admitted a little surprise in how quickly tonnage returned when inflation subsided. I thought it would take longer than it did. And so obviously, that has -- it has something to do with the fact that inflation subsided. But I also would like to think that we positioned ourselves really well to take advantage of that situation by the investments we've made in price and with the improvements that we continue to make in the other 3 keys in our stores. So I really think it ends up being both. 
David Dillon: And I do tend to look at that number over a longer period. One quarter is good. The number Rodney used in his -- in the prepared comments was the full year number, and I think that's a better reflection of how we did. Now that's still pretty darn good. But I tend to look over a long haul because the longer the period, the more likely that what you did is sustainable. And the things we did were really process-oriented. And changes that our customers actually either prefer or don't notice, either one. 
David Dillon: Well, there's 2 balances we actually -- probably more that we try to make each time. First -- or probably second is the one you mentioned, is balancing the health care costs, pension costs and so forth, and those are going to continue to be issues that need to be addressed. But the first balance that we actually try to address is on one hand, we do have the natural tension of wanting and needing to keep our expenses down low as a company. On the other hand, we genuinely want our associates to be fairly paid, certainly paid based on what the market rates are and so forth. We have a workforce that we've very proud of, and we don't look at this as something that is some opposition argument. We're trying to actually work on their side on this argument. We're trying to find a way to balance the business needs with what our associates need. So that's how we think of the labor. Now, Rodney, you may have some specifics. 
David Dillon: And before we end the call today, I would like to share a few additional thoughts with our associates who we encouraged to listen in today. 2013 marks the 130th anniversary when Barney Kroger opened his first store in Cincinnati, Ohio. This is an amazing accomplishment, and yet 2 of our banners have been in business even longer: Ralph's division, which is 140 years old; and the Jay C Foods division, which celebrates its 150th anniversary this year. Our heritage of enduring growth and reinvention gives us great confidence for the future. Each of you played a big part in the success in 2012. Working together as a team, we made shopping more easy and efficient for our customers, and they're giving us credit for all of our hard work. We also helped keep costs under control so that we could invest the savings and lower prices. A special thanks to each of you for your contributions. This week, we also thank 36 special Kroger associates for their extraordinary efforts for our company and our communities. We honor these associates because they represent strong leadership, courage and character. They live our leadership model and our values by leading effective teams, serving local community organizations, making healthy lifestyle changes and more. You can find more about each of our honorees by watching our live quarterly broadcast tomorrow or reading their inspiring stories at the greatpeople.me website in the coming weeks. That completes our call today. Thank you all for joining us. 
J. Schlotman: Well, the increased capital, it'll have an effect on holding down our ROIC ability to grow that in the short term. We do expect to continue to not have that go down but, as Rodney said, grow it in the near term. As we open the stores, if you look at our guidance, we opened up 44 stores in 2012 and we're projecting 45 to 50 in 2013. So that's not a dramatic increase year-on-year that would have any kind of material effect on -- or from a preopening cost standpoint or the ramp-up of those new stores. 
J. Schlotman: The other thing on top of that is, in some states, government transfer payments, the way those payments are made, have changed, and we haven't yet cycled a year with the new schedule on transfer payments being made to recipients. So that creates some of the volatility as well. 
J. Schlotman: Well, health care and pension headwinds are always out there. We -- in the 8-K, we filed what we expect our contributions to the union funds to be for pensions, and that dollar for dollar is an expense item. Whatever we contribute is an expense. The other item that's out there is the amount of expense we expect for the company-sponsored pension plan. And that's actually a little lower next year than we would have originally expected. But those items are always out there. It's one of the reasons why our identical sales performance is so important. And our goal is to be able to grow identical sales faster than our underlying costs are going so we can make the operating profit margin growth be what we expect. 
J. Schlotman: I wouldn't say there's anything specific that winds up being in there. Some of it's just reflective of some older stuff becoming fully depreciated. As you know, when you look at our CapEx, keep in mind not everything we spend capital on gets depreciated because we like owning our properties. So therefore, we buy the land, and that doesn't wind up in depreciation. So it doesn't affect that. We would expect the depreciation to be up a little bit in 2013 compared to 2012 on an apples-to-apples basis. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. Thanks, Meredith, for the comment. And on the OG&A improvement that I mentioned on the call, it was adjusted for the extra week so we did not get any benefit in the number that I shared. In terms of specifics to call out, it was really broad based. It's almost every division of the company, and it's really core operations. Obviously, having good tonnage growth and identical sales gives you some tailwind, so we had that across the whole company, which was helpful, but just very good execution on our strategy and the things that we've identified. I wouldn't highlight one, Mike or Dave. I... 
J. Schlotman: The square footage at this point in time, we always give what we expect gross square footage to do. Our model is not built needing any acquisitions to make our numbers, so that's why we always say excluding acquisitions. If there were something out there that worked, it would be something that's additive to our results because we don't need to do anything to have -- to reach our growth expectations. Relative to the closures, while there are certainly a handful that are out there, that's something that occurs throughout the year as we constantly look at our portfolio of assets and look at what stores may need to close. I don't have a specific number for that at this point that we would -- that I would be willing to disclose. Relative to... 
J. Schlotman: It's been a net positive for the last several years. Sometimes, what happens is we -- there have been occasions where we've closed a couple smaller stores and opened up one bigger store. And it looks like our store count goes down, but that bigger store is actually more square footage than the 2 stores we closed on a combined basis. So that certainly helps. When you look at the FIFO fuel gross margin and without fuel gross margin and SG&A leverage, we don't give specific guidance on those line items. We always expect to get SG&A savings that we'll invest back on our 4 keys, whatever line that key might fall in the income statement. And our overall goal was to grow our operating margin for the year slightly from the prior year, and that would remain our goal for this year. And relative to fuel contribution, I would say, typically, when we go into a year and when you, for instance, when you look at the fourth quarter of the year, it was only $0.01 difference without the extra week between the 2 years' fourth quarters. So the growth in that is not something that's a huge driver of the 8% to 11% earnings per share growth rate. 
J. Schlotman: Relative to next year, at this point in time, we're estimating LIFO to be at $55 million for next year, just like this year. As we sit here today, with inflation in the 1 percentage kind of range, maybe a little over, depending how pharmacy winds up affecting that, we think that's the best guess at this time. The other thing to keep in mind is inflation throughout the year has no effect on LIFO. So the fact that last year was very high early in the year and then it trended down throughout the year doesn't really affect LIFO. It is a single day point in time calculation of how many products do I have this year, what was last year's price and this year's price on that particular day. Now that's a little bit of a Reader's Digest version of how the calculation works, but it gets you close. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I wouldn't get into the exact dollar amount of allocation, but we also gave guidance that we expect to do one -- a few more stores, new relocate and expands in 2013 compared to 2012 and probably a comparable number of remodels. 
J. Schlotman: And the other thing to keep in mind is as we're increasing our capital spend to focus on existing and some new fill-in markets as well as exploring new markets, it takes a while for those stores to open. So we'll be spending dollars in 2013 that wind up being 2014 store openings. So the growth in that store count takes a while because the spending happens so far in advance of that. So it'll be a slow growth or a slow build into the higher store count. 
J. Schlotman: Rodney, I agree. And when you look at operating profit margin, which is what we always focus on, the fact we grew it by 6 basis points when really through 3 quarters year-to-date we were slightly negative, demonstrates the strong cost control. And the fact that we really -- as Rodney said, our -- we executed the plan we had, and it came to fruition in the fourth quarter because a lot of what occurred was somewhat planned. It was planned. So... 
J. Schlotman: Yes. We've talked -- we have not talked about that yet on the call. We actually had a maturity right at the beginning of this fiscal year that we drew down -- that we actually have refinanced with commercial paper on a temporary basis. And then, as you said, we have the other maturity in April. Our expectation would be that sometime in April, that we would term those out. If you look at our SEC filings, we already have a significant amount of that kind of an issuance contemplated and hedged out from an interest rate standpoint, and that coverage goes out until April. So it may not be the exact day. But dependent on market conditions, I would expect, somewhere around that time, we will wind up terming those out. 
J. Schlotman: We'll let the market tell us where the sweet spot is. Sometimes, we may start out with a particular idea. And then we find out, as you start to look at the market on that particular day, that there's a hole on our maturity chart that fits with what the market has an appetite for on that particular day. So rather than lock myself in, when we go to market, we'll let the market tells us what makes the most sense. 
W. McMullen: Yes. The generic effect kept getting bigger and bigger as we went through the year, and we're just now starting to cycle the beginning parts of that. So the heavy -- the largest effect will be in the first and second quarters. It'll get a little smaller in the third and fourth, but not tremendously smaller. And we also obviously have a few more drugs going to generic. So we believe it will be a headwind from a sales standpoint throughout the year. One of the things that's very positive, as Dave mentioned, we had a great year on pharmacy. And so far this year, we've continued to have a strong script count growth in pharmacy as well. 
W. McMullen: Yes. I would -- I agree completely. And as Dave and I both mentioned, and I mentioned earlier, we've improved during the year. So actually, the last half of the year, the gains were better than the overall year. When you look at customer segments, the value customer early in the year, we were very soft on share with that type of customer, and it's improved nicely. But that would have been the -- earlier in the year, that would have been a very soft area of our share by segment. If you look at more a traditional and upscale customer, those customer gains were really, across the year, and continue to be very nice. 
W. McMullen: And there's not one single number that gives you all the answers, and that's one of the things that your comment really highlights, is you really need to look across more than one to get a feel overall. But at the end of the day, we felt very good about the progress we made on share gain last year in all markets. 
W. McMullen: No, I agree with you. It's actually refreshing that there's not one to highlight. That means there's a lot of things contributed to it, and the fact that it's broad based can make it sustainable. 
W. McMullen: Usually, we just use what, Mike, a 3-year rolling average in terms of the actual results and use that as a base point. 
W. McMullen: It's really a little bit of apples and oranges. What we measure is our estimated inflation based on using government statistics on inflation by category at the mix of business we have. If you look at the actual basket that customers are buying from us, it would have a completely different inflation rate, and it would actually be meaningfully less, especially if the customer has pharmacy in their basket, it's substantially less. So it's -- those 2 are really apples and oranges. And what we try to give on an inflation rate is more based on our sales mix and some of the government statistics out there. 
W. McMullen: Our internal measures would all show that we've improved our relative price position versus all our major competitors, not just the one that you mentioned. 
W. McMullen: Most of the dollar increase would be driven by the store-in program that we've outlined incrementally. 
W. McMullen: It really played out very close to what we were expecting. And as you know, one of the things that we always work on is making sure we balance with our expense improvements. And any given quarter, you can't always get a balance perfectly. But for the year, we work really hard to get those 2 balanced. And it's driven as much by balancing those 2 pieces. If you look at it versus what we were expecting, it was very close to what we were expecting. Obviously, the generics improved gross margin, selling gross margins for the quarter. But overall, we were pleased with where it ended up and felt good about the balance. And we felt good about our relative price position in the market from a competitive standpoint. 
W. McMullen: Again, the use of our cash flow, including maintaining our net total debt to EBITDA ratio in our 2x to 2.2x range, will really be used for all 4 of the things we laid out, and that's to fund our capital investments; to repurchase shares; maintain and hopefully, over time, grow our dividend; as well as maintaining our current credit rating. So we'll balance all of those needs. Relative to the stock share buyback, we would expect to continue to buy in shares. We obviously didn't buy as much in the fourth quarter as we had throughout the course of the year. That was not any kind of a statement on where our share price was in the fourth quarter relative to the rest of the year. It was really based on the fact that we were cognizant of where our debt levels were going into the fourth quarter, and the fact of the way the rating agencies look at our debt level, things like our $250 million contribution to our EBIT [ph] at the end of the year, it's a very smart thing to do from a tax standpoint because we accelerate the tax deduction. But even though that burns off in the first few months of the next fiscal year, they treat it as debt at the end of the year. So I would have -- it made great return sense to make that contribution and get the tax deduction this year versus next year and balance that with how much free cash flow that leaves me to buy in shares. So we try to balance all of our needs on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
W. McMullen: Yes, in terms of -- it would definitely have been targeted things that we did looking at the customer. It's one of the things that's such a wonderful benefit of our partnership with dunnhumby. That example was on a value customer, but we'd really look at it on every customer segment. We're constantly testing marketing, direct marketing with different customers and different methods of direct marketing. And when something connects, we do more of it. When it doesn't connect, we don't do it as much. And when we're not satisfied with our performance, we will work and put some extra focus there. So it really was something that we weren't pleased with, we weren't connecting as well as we liked and made some changes to make sure that we did, and that improvement happened. In January, it's really hard -- as Dave mentioned before, it's really hard to see some of the external numbers affecting -- the external things that went on, we don't really see it in our numbers. We believe some of that is probably really driven because we had connected better with some of those customer segments for some of the things we had put in place. What happened at other companies, we really don't have insight into that. But we really didn't see the -- in total, the variability as we mentioned from a day-to-day basis we do. 
W. McMullen: It improved throughout the year, and it was broad based on the improvement in all categories. So it really would be difficult to call out one area being stronger than the other. The only area that I would probably specifically call out is, obviously, pharmacy had great script count growth throughout the year, and our natural foods area had a phenomenal year as well. And it was strong throughout the year. 
