W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. Everything we are doing supports our Restock Kroger vision to serve America through food inspiration and uplift, and we are executing our strategy. We are building a truly seamless shopping experience that we can serve customers Anything, Anytime and Anywhere. We're using our data to provide convenient and personalized food inspiration to help customers be a hero to their families at mealtime every time.  We are identifying partners who will help us deliver customer value today and the future. We are laying a foundation for more profitable alternative revenue streams that will also accelerate core business growth. And we are serious about living our purpose to Feed the Human Spirit, because associates, customers and stakeholders are increasingly deciding where to work, where to shop, where to invest and where -- who to support based on a company's commitment to making the world a better place.  It's no surprise then that we are very proud that Kroger was recognized in Fortune magazine's 2018 Change the World list for Zero Hunger | Zero Waste, our plan to end hunger in places we call home and eliminate waste across our company by 2025. It is exciting to see our vision taking shape, especially because we know that delivering on our vision will create value for our customers, associates and shareholders.  Now we look forward to your questions. 
W. McMullen: I'll start out and I'll let Mike fill in. If you look at the space optimization and the other projects that we mentioned, without those, our identicals would have been a little over 2%. If you look at so far in the third quarter, we're trending a little bit better than where we were in the second quarter. Mike, I'll let you talk about the cadence during the quarter. 
W. McMullen: In Mike's last point there, I think it's important to remind everybody that we aggressively continue to invest in our digital businesses. And that -- connecting with that customer will increasingly be important in the future, obviously. Because what we find is when a customer engages with us in all channels, they spend more money with us. 
W. McMullen: I'll let Mike fill in some of the details. But if you look at overall, really, it was basically 0 on inflation/deflation. You have some of the fresh departments that had a little bit of deflation, but there wasn't anything substantial. So looking forward, we really don't see much change. I would say at this point, we've -- obviously, there's been several announced increases, but we've seen very limited number of increases so far. And the customers certainly wouldn't be experiencing any increase, either, in terms of the prices they're paying. And in fact, it's a little bit less than a year ago. So Mike, I'll let you fill in some of the details. 
W. McMullen: Yes, Karen, on your question as you look forward, we would certainly expect the gap to increase over time. It's becoming increasingly difficult. When a customer engages with us and they engage with us on Ship, they engage us -- engage with us on Vitacost and some of the other parts of our business. When they engage multiple places, we get a bigger share of their total and our total sales grow. But in terms of historically, the way we would keep track of that, it does change the mix and where -- how the customer's engaging with us, which is the reason why we changed the definition. But we would expect that gap to continue to increase as we become more multidimensional. 
W. McMullen: Yes. And Mike said it, but there's no 2 hurricanes the same. We have a lot of experience on reacting and addressing hurricanes. And our teams always do an incredible job and work beyond anything that one could expect. But our customers and we all appreciate everything they're doing. Obviously, the first thing is making sure everybody stays safe. But I know yesterday, I received an email from a customer whose daughter lived in one of the affected markets. And she was -- in the email, she said how much she appreciated the fact that we had water and some other things, because other retailers didn't have it. And to the degree that we're able to do things like that, it really is a reflection of our store teams and our warehouse teams and delivery teams making sure that our stores stay in stock. And it's one of those things we do have a lot of experience at. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it actually is both, and it's more the average ticket because customers have trouble finding stuff, but it's actually a little bit of both. What we find, once you get through it, though, the customers -- you reallocate the space in the storage, you'll have products that the customer wanted to buy from us that we didn't have before, and we stay better in-stock as well because you reallocate space. So yes, the customers never like it during it, but once you get finished, the customers appreciate what you do and reward us accordingly. 
W. McMullen: Yes, the -- in terms of Ocado, Tim and the Ocado team continues to work on improving their model, making it -- using even better machine learning and everything else. There will be certain areas that they will be able to do same day in. I think the key thing gets back to the comment that we've talked about regularly, and that's being able to deliver Anything, Anytime, Anywhere. And it really will be able -- the key will be able to -- for the customers to do it in a seamless way. And we'll use all of the assets, including Ocado, our store facilities and other things to be able to get deliveries to the customers based on when they want it. What we find is there are certain items that customers want more immediately, if you think about what's for dinner tonight. There's other things that you can help them plan out. And the thing that they're more focused on there is getting it in a convenient way. And a convenient way sometimes is picking it up, not necessarily at the store they shop at; and in some cases, delivery. So the key is all of the backstage assets tie in together, but delivering it seamlessly for the customer. And what we find is customers -- some customers like same-day or a couple-hour delivery window. Others are more focused on pickup. And next-day is not -- they view that equally as convenient. On Alibaba on the identicals, Mike, I'll let you... 
W. McMullen: Yes. On Alibaba, and what I've been doing investor meetings recently on Simple Truth, the question they ask is the same thing in terms of how big. And it really is, for us, hard to estimate. It's something that we haven't done before. But what we find is that our Simple Truth brand has incredibly strong customer connection. And we believe that's a brand that will work across the world, not just the U.S. And learning and doing that in China is an easy first step. And Alibaba's Tmall is an incredible platform to reach over 0.5 billion customers. So it's really learning and looking at it in terms of is it a brand that will travel internationally, and then does that create a platform for growth. And we certainly think the opportunity is there. It's going to take a lot of work to achieve that. 
W. McMullen: Well, I love the question, but there's a lot of pieces behind the question. If you look at Our Brands and the broad spectrum of Our Brands, each brand would have a little bit different answer to the question. So if you look at Private Selection, as a general rule, those are unique items where there really isn't a comparable brand somewhere else. So our brand on Private Selection really is very innovative, new approaches, same for like HemisFares and some of those. So the customer reaction is more in terms of doing something when we keep it fresh and exciting or a flavor that they can't find somewhere else, and that engages with the customer that way. Simple Truth really doesn't have a comparable brand in the market at all. And to the degree that obviously there is a lot of smaller natural and organic brands but it would compete against one piece of our overall brand, not the overall brand. And certainly, what our strategy always has been on natural and organic products is you don't -- shouldn't have to pay a premium. Just because it's natural and organic, it shouldn't have a higher margin in it. And that's been our strategy for numerous years, and our customers have reacted to that very well. When you look at the core banner brand, it really depends on the category. So if you think about milk, the market share is so high there's really not a lot of elasticity there; others would have a different type of elasticity. Overall, you really don't find the national brands reacting much at all in the short term. Usually, the reaction is more longer term and it's usually after a year or 2 of losing share that they decide that they want to do something about the share and then they'll come back and be more aggressive. The key to all of it, and we want all -- so we want the national brands and Our Brands both to grow, and one of the keys is innovation. And I know, almost every time I talk to a national brand partner, I always tell them that you need more innovation. Our teams feel the same way in terms of -- the key is really more innovation. 
W. McMullen: It would really be across both national brand and Our Brands. And it really is using our 84.51° insights to understand where is the best return for the price investments. So it's actually very much both. 
W. McMullen: Well, if you look at market share overall on the data, the way that everything's been historically tracked, we continue to gain share. If you look at overall, we're pretty much on track where we would -- where we thought we would be, as Mike mentioned earlier. We continue to see overall market growth, which is good. And we see great opportunities out there to continue to do well what we do good, and that's our strength with our associates and their service and freshness of product. So we continue to see plenty of opportunity to improve our identicals and gain share. As I just mentioned, we are incredibly confident about the future of Kroger and especially with our execution of Restock Kroger. One of the exciting things about our earnings call is that many of our associates listen in to better understand and gain insights into our business. And of course, as all of you know, many of our associates are shareholders as well. So before I end today's call, I'd like to share a few final comments with our associates. First, as Mike mentioned before, I'd like to acknowledge the many -- that many of our customers and associates are bracing for Hurricane Florence. I know our stores and logistics teams on the East Coast have been working tirelessly for the past week to help our customers and each other be prepared for the storm. For those of you in the hurricane's path, please stay safe and look out for each other. Second, as I mentioned earlier on the call, we are thrilled that Kroger was included in Fortune magazine's 2018 Change the World list for Zero Hunger | Zero Waste. This is such an awesome recognition of the work that each one of you are doing to help us achieve our goal. The same week we received the news from Fortune, Kroger was making news of our own. We added a bold new pledge to our existing Zero Hunger | Zero Waste commitments by 2025, and that was that we will be phasing out single-use plastic checkout bags. The feedback on that announcement has been enormous and overwhelmingly positive. I know everything that you are doing are the steps to make this become a reality. Thank you for all you do. That completes our call today. Thanks for joining. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. I think the cadence was actually fairly consistent. There were -- actually, there was a blip or 2 when you look at some things like in Texas last year when we had the disruption down there from Hurricane Harvey, and those kinds of comparisons to the prior year make things a little bit difficult to compare. But when you factor out some of those kinds of items, it was actually fairly consistent. I think the encouraging thing is, is when Rodney talks about where we would have been and why we're very comfortable continuing to give guidance for the year of 2% to 2.5%, what we're seeing on the space optimization stores when they come out of the period of disruption and they get back to business as usual, we're seeing exactly what we expect to see. And obviously, as we get to the back half of the year with the holiday selling season, we won't have stores disrupted and we'll have the stores we're going to realign completed. So we expect to have a great fleet of stores going into the important holiday selling season in the fourth quarter. And 600 of those are redone in a way that is resonating with the customers. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. When you look at the tax rate, obviously, we had the benefit of the favorable tax resolution from a state standpoint in the first quarter with or without the c-store's effects, the tax rate a bit as well, so it's a little bit confusing. So I know it is a little bit lower, but I would remind you that we lowered the -- we raised the low end of our guidance range in the first quarter. And all those kinds of things would have factored into our decision to do that, including the time once the c-store transaction closed and the like, and where we were on state tax issues, knowing things that we weren't going to say publicly yet, all factored into that decision to raise the lower end. Relative to what we do with overperformance, I think you know this as well as anybody, Ed. And we have a very long history, as I indicated in the prepared comments, we like to deliver some results before we make all the investments that we plan to make. Obviously, this year is a little different in that we had the tax act savings to invest and pull some pricing moves forward, while still being able to deliver on our earnings per share growth. And I think you will see us probably decide how we manage through the rest of the year and where we think the dollars are going to be, continue to make investments to grow the business for the long term. If you look at the midpoint of our guidance range today, that's a little over 6% earnings per share growth rate, which I think is a very respectable result in an environment where we're making dramatic investments to reshape the future of the company. I think the management team here at Kroger is proud of being able to refocus our future efforts and still deliver on the bottom line for shareholders. 
J. Schlotman: I think it's your latter point. We've guided all along when we gave original guidance, and even back last October when we discussed Restock Kroger with everybody, that we expected 2018 to be a year of investment, and that we would expect operating profit margin to be down. We also talked about the fact, in March, that once the tax act got passed, we were going to take some of those savings. About 1/3 of them would fall to the bottom line, which you've seen through the lower tax rate over time. About 1/3 of it would be invested back in the business, meaning some price investments that we pulled forward into this year out of future years. So these are planned investments that we did early, which means that was a conscious decision to lower operating profit a little more than our original plan this year. I think we're as clear as we could be about that in March as compared to where we would have been in October. And then the third leg of that stool is the investment in people that we talked about with the Feed Your Future, where part-time and full-time associates, if you've worked with us for at least 6 months, can get $3,500 a year to continue their education or get a GED or get a specific trade certification as well as the increased 401(k) match for our associates. I think when you balance all of that, the fact that we're going through -- everything we're going through, making the investments, the space optimization work, incremental benefits for a lot of our associates -- and that $3,500 is all associates, that's store associates and office associates alike. I think I'm very happy with how we're managing through this significant year of change and still, at the midpoint, delivering what would be an -- expected to be a 6% earnings per share growth rate or so at the midpoint of our current estimate. 
J. Schlotman: I think we were right on track with what we expect to invest in price and the pull-forward investments we wound up making. One of the comments we made in both the press release and in the prepared remarks was the growth of our Kroger Specialty Pharmacy business. Their growth has been quite impressive and their ability to gain new relationships in that world has been quite impressive. That is a very high sales model, a very low gross margin compared to the overall Kroger gross margin. So that mix as it grows -- pulls our gross margin down, but it drives very nice growth in gross margin dollars in that business because of what those pharmaceuticals wind up costing. So when you mix all of that out, I don't think we did anything out of the ordinary from our price investments. It's just what the -- it's just what's out there. And I would be remiss in talking about gross profit if I didn't give a shout-out to our cost and waste team. And a very continued -- I think it's 4 quarters in a row now where we've had improvements in our shrink rate. And with our sales, when you have some very nice improvements in the shrink rate, that's one of the cost savings we expect to help fuel Restock Kroger. And they're delivering on what our expectations are, so we have that fuel for the engine. 
J. Schlotman: I think when we looked at it and decided to keep the 2% to 2.5%, it's something that we certainly think is achievable. And I said on -- when I was on Bloomberg and CNBC this morning, we're laser-focused on delivering on those results. And when you think about Rodney's comment that without the headwind of price investments that we made late in the first quarter that really affected the second quarter pretty dramatically as well as space optimization, without the effect of those headwinds in the second quarter, we would have been over 2%. And as the price investments are in for a longer period of time, the effect as a headwind diminishes because the units start to pick up, like I spoke of in the prepared comments, with the pickup in units in Our Brands where we've made some price investments. And the -- we're more than halfway through our space optimization work. About 55% of the stores that we would expect to be completed are behind us. So as those stores start to mature and come out of the cycle disruption, they will feed the ID sales as we get later this quarter and into the fourth quarter. So it's the combination of those that we expect to come together and be able to deliver in the 2% to 2.5% range. 
J. Schlotman: No, I would agree with you on it's flat overall and there is pluses and minuses in all the different categories. And our LIFO estimate for the year would be substantially, if not entirely, driven by where pharmacy inflation is and the amount of pharmacy business and inventory we have to support that business. 
J. Schlotman: We were referring to -- at least I was referring to, and I believe Rodney was referring to, cost inflation is what we were talking about. We're not going to get into retail inflation because it's pretty difficult to calculate. As we continue to make price investments as well as the investments we make in Our Brands and the growth of Our Brands, it can look like retail deflation. But a lot of times, it's just growth in a lower price point item, but a higher margin item on the shelf causing that. So we stay focused on where costs are going and deciding how to react to that at retail. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I think when you think about what we reported in the second quarter of 1.6% IDs, and if you were to factor out the headwind that's out there for space optimization and the price investments late in the first quarter, that we would have been over 2%. I think you see, one, that the headwind of that as well as what the potential tailwind that's out there. I won't get into specifics of exactly what those are generating. But as we see them -- as we see those stores coming out and what they generate and knowing that we're more than halfway through what we want to get done, we're looking forward to that turning into a tailwind late this quarter. 
J. Schlotman: Well, I spoke of the fact that we had broad-based ID sales growth that are -- on our operating divisions, with 20 of them having positive ID sales, and that would have been on the traditional calculation. That would include ClickList, because they're fulfilled at the store level and would have always been in there. So we're happy, very happy with the trends we're seeing. Obviously, that's disrupted by the space optimization. Space optimization and the price investments at the store level don't really affect things like Ship and Kroger Specialty Pharmacy. 
J. Schlotman: I mean, when you look at the back half, I don't think we're that low on the tax rate. When you look at the 20% for the year or so, we'll probably be above that in the third quarter, maybe below that in the fourth quarter, because we do try to factor in when we might see things like the tax settlement that happened in the second quarter with 3 different states. There are things out there like that, that wind up happening as well. I'm not going to get into what our EBIT guidance might or might not be on a quarterly or annual basis, because we have guided that it will be down, and we do continue to make the investments we expected to make. And we are using -- we are making incremental investments in the business, using the tax savings that we spoke about in March. I would remind you that all of that said, we generated about $1.8 billion of free cash flow in the first half of the year, when you look at cash provided from operation activities minus our CapEx, which is the pretty standard definition. And we're promising $6.5 billion over the next 3 years. So I think we're off to a pretty nice start to the $6.5 billion. And when you think about the valuation of the company and its ability to grow free cash flow over time. I think we're pretty solid in that respect. 
J. Schlotman: I don't know if I would go specifically to the Southeast, that's pretty narrowly focused. We talked that rising transportation costs affected the gross margin rate overall. When you look at the dynamics of what's going on in the Southeast of the country today, before I get into the specifics, I want to repeat something I said earlier today. And our hearts and minds and prayers and thoughts are with both our associates and customers in that part of the world, because they stand to face a pretty difficult next couple of 3 weeks. And we hope we come through it as well as possible from their standpoint, and the business will be the business. I would tell you that last year at this time, we had a run-up to Hurricane Irma that people forget about. And this -- and right -- and that would have been prior to today. Today, we have the run-up to Hurricane Florence and they kind of offset one another. So we had the comparison to the run-up to Irma that was a headwind at the beginning of the quarter, and now that's been replaced by the incremental sales you get from Florence. And when you factor those out, they pretty well negate one another. And we're trending above with both of those in there, where we finished the second quarter. So we feel like we're off to a good start. 
J. Schlotman: Yes. And Rodney, when you look what our Atlanta, Harris Teeter and Mid-Atlantic division teams have done to serve the customers and keep our associates safe, our hats are off to them. 
J. Schlotman: Our definition is sales to customers. So over time, those will probably wind up being in the ID sales. As we've said, we're kind of dipping our toe in the water at this point to make sure we have systems and processes down. And it's just an expansion of our ability to attract customers, regardless of where they are. 
J. Schlotman: I won't get into EBIT on the short-term period like the back half of the year, because we haven't given guidance on that. What we've given guidance on is we expect to grow operating profit or EBIT by $400 million over the course of '18, '19 and '20 as compared to where 2017 ended up when you adjust out the 53rd week and you adjust out the convenience store business, because obviously we don't have that going forward, but we sold that for a very nice multiple. So that's what we're very focused on. We talked about the fact, in March, when the tax act was there that we're going to make investments that would reduce EBIT this year. That would be offset by -- on the bottom line by a lower tax expense, and from a cash base standpoint, a lower cash tax expense. And a lot of those investments were pull forwards from either later in '18, meaning there'll be less effect in '19, or actual pull forward investments from '19 into '18. So we will expect ourselves, from an internal standpoint, to grow EBIT more in '19 and probably into '20 than we would have in the original Restock Kroger, because we were able to get some of those investments behind us in 2018 and, hopefully, see those take root and create that extra EBITDA to support our strategy. 
J. Schlotman: So in Rodney's prepared comments, he talked about Our Brands being 28.2% of units and 26.5% of dollars, both of which are record results for the second quarter. The second quarter is usually a bit of a dip as compared to the first quarter and other quarters, but -- primarily because of soft drinks. Because with the summer holidays, national brand soft drinks have a very strong performance because of the promotions that wind up happening. And when you look at the ClickList and the expansion of digital and the fact that it's up 50%, we talked about the fact that we're up to 80% of our customers now have the ability to either interact with ClickList or one of the home delivery services we have, which is up from about 70% in the first quarter. So we can see continued growth of our customers being able to interact with us that way. 
J. Schlotman: The peak of those investments won't start happening until 2020. And I -- it's factored into our ability to generate the $400 million. And we would still be targeting to generate the $400 million of operating profit margin growth even in light of having the Ocado investments and sheds starting to come online or close to coming online early, hopefully sometime in that time frame. 
