W. McMullen: Thanks, Mike. As I've said this before, this is an exciting time to be at Kroger. We are accelerating growth in our core business and investing in unique competitive positioning for today and the future. Integration with Harris Teeter is going exactly the way we would hope and we continue to learn from each other in ways to improve our customers' experiences. We see transformational potential in Vitacost's e-commerce platform. We are currently hiring to fill an estimated 20,000 positions in our supermarket stores. Next week, we will open our 2,000th fuel center location and we are well on our way to exceeding our long-term earnings per share growth rate for fiscal 2014. Now we look forward to answering your questions. Laura, we'll take our questions now. 
W. McMullen: Yes, on your second question, I wouldn't necessarily agree or disagree with that. And as you know, inflation is -- you really do have to look at it item by item. And as Mike mentioned, even with the inflation, we still had strong tonnage growth and we're very happy with the results in total. A lot of the inflation right now is in some of the perishable areas, the fresh departments and that, as you know, is very seasonal. And if you look at, like, some of the produce inflation, as soon as the next crop comes on, that can heavily impact it. On percentage, I would hesitate to give it because in some areas, we feel comfortable we probably passed 100%, others, not so. And as you know, overall, as I mentioned, tonnage is strong. We continue to reduce our pricing for our customers as we take cost out of the business to do that. 
W. McMullen: [indiscernible] average, the lead time is probably, what, 1 to 2 years longer than what we've been traditionally used to, unless you go to the West Coast. 
W. McMullen: Yes. So far, through the third quarter, it's very similar to where we were in the first and second quarters and I'm pleased with the continued progress. 
W. McMullen: The other thing is the 1.77x was unusually low because we had stopped buying back stocks and some other things because we had already announced the Harris Teeter merger and we wanted to position ourself well to being able to merge with Harris Teeter. 
W. McMullen: When we look at our Customer 1st tracker, customers can -- rate us very high in our marketplace stores. So it's really the things -- the combination of our associates and their connection with our customers and what we've put inside those boxes really connect well with the customer. And I realize 120,000 square feet, it depends on where you start from, it's a good-sized store but it's not so big that you can't manage getting around the store reasonably easy either. And it just gives you a lot of flexibility from a space utilization standpoint. And obviously, the key is making sure what you put in is exciting and something the customer wants. 
W. McMullen: It's still pretty early in the process. I can tell you that our teams have spent a ton of energy, but it's not something that we are to a point of announcing publicly. But I can tell you, we're progressing along and we're very pleased with where we are and we're very pleased with the progress that Harris Teeter continues to make as well. I don't know, Mike, if you'd like to... 
W. McMullen: Yes. Harris Teeter has continued to roll it out and they continue to have strong growth where they already have it. So it's really both pieces. 
W. McMullen: Thanks, Robert. First of all, obviously, we're going to strive to make sure the identicals are as strong as we can. If you remember, in the fourth quarter of last year, we had a lot of weather benefits. We didn't really talk about it that much in the earnings call, but there were quite a bit of weather benefits. Until you actually have it, you don't know whether it's going to be a headwind or a tailwind, so we're really -- the biggest reason for the conservatism in the identical guidance would be really cycling fourth quarter last year and not knowing how weather would be. It's really nothing -- you shouldn't read anything in it other than that. So we really don't see inflation changing that much. We really don't see the economy changing that much. We're not seeing the customer behavior changing either. 
W. McMullen: Yes, it's a great question and it's a little harder to answer because it's hard to isolate just one piece and what it does for identicals. It's really the whole shopping experience. So we continue to make progress on the freshness of our product. Our associates continue to make progress on connecting with our customers from a friendliness standpoint. So it's really hard to say this piece of improvement causes this much to the identicals. Overall, as you know, it's just one more reason for somebody to shop at Kroger and it's part of the overall package of what we're trying to deliver for our customer. 
W. McMullen: I think it's probably too early to think about that, although, we have the same sort of issue, whether it's orange juice from Florida or other commodities from around the world, that we'll have short supply from time to time and we just have to deal with that as best we can. And we buy from around the world in so many cases today, whether it's in the fresh departments or other parts of our business. So we just have to deal with that as it comes, I think. 
W. McMullen: We don't find that customer as an either/or shopper. There's a small percentage of customers that are only organic and natural, but most of our customer base actually buys across the whole store. 
W. McMullen: It would be well over half of our customers would buy something. That continues to increase. And the thing that I think is so hard is there's a lot of product innovation in that space as well, so some of the customers may be buying products there because of the innovation, not necessarily because of organic or natural. It's just because it's a new item and it tastes good. So how much of it is driven by one piece versus the other, I think it's pretty -- it'd be pure speculation. 
W. McMullen: Well, I would say that we're very happy with how we're connecting with that customer. If you look at their economic situation, incomes have been very slow to recover and employment has been slow to recover. So it's really, when I make the comment, it's referring to the situation therein and we continue to try to make sure that we're able to address pricing and help their budget go further, both on the introduction of more entry price point items and, absolutely, just lowering pricing, too. So we're very happy with our performance for that customer segment, but that customer segment continues to be under a lot of economic strain. 
W. McMullen: Yes, you should be very comfortable that we've looked at all of them and it's really trying to make sure we understand what our customers' wants and needs are. Some of the places where we believe that will be more successful are places where we don't have stores, but it is something we continue to look at and evaluate and look at partnering with, as appropriate. 
W. McMullen: Before we end today's call, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge that this morning is the anniversary of the attacks of September 11. We all continue to mourn the loss of the brave men and women who perished on that tragic day. And I know that many of the folks on the call today were personally affected by those events. We continue to honor the memory of the fallen through our support of police, firefighters, the military and their families. On behalf of all of us here at Kroger, we want to say our heartfelt thank you to the everyday heroes who work every day to keep us all safe. Finally, I'd like to share some additional thoughts with our associates listening in today. September is Hunger Action Month and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our associates across the company who help support our customers and neighbors in need. According to our partners at Feeding America, the nation's largest hunger agency, there are 46.5 million Americans who don't know where their next meal will come from. Together, we are working to combat poverty, in partnership with 106 local Feeding America food banks.  Last year alone, Kroger contributed the equivalent of 200 million, that's right, 200 million meals, nearly 4 million meals every week, to feed hungry families in our community, which I just find an amazing number and my hats off to our team. Of that, our Perishable Donations Partnership Program provided more than 50 million pounds of fresh meat, produce, dairy and bakery items directly to local food banks in 2013. Our associates play a vital role in helping us get this fresh, healthy food to those who need it most. Without your help and support, our Perishable Donations partnership would not be possible. Thank you. That completes our call for today and thanks for joining us. 
J. Schlotman: John, I think you'll see Harris Teeter have a little bit higher store growth over the next several years than they otherwise would have. They had a lot of projects in the pipeline as the 2 companies came together with the merger and the nice thing about joining Kroger for them is it gives them a little bit more capital capacity to be a little faster on getting some of those store projects up and running. It is true, in many of the markets they operate, where we have growth opportunities, the D.C. area, the Baltimore area, markets like that, the lead time is a little bit longer, but they've always had a very strong and forward-thinking capital plan. It's really just the ability now for them to accelerate some of those a little faster than they may have on their own. So we would expect that their unit growth will kick up from where it has been historically. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, they were generally in line with our internal plans. The item that we called out in both -- well, that I just spoke of in the conference call, some increases in workers' comp and general liability reserves, a little bit of increase for this year, as well as some prior year increases in the allowances for that caused about an 8-basis-point negative effect on the OG&A lines. So we would've had a little bit better improvement or we would've shown some improvement if not for the need to increase those allowances. And I can tell you, that is certainly a point of focus for our operators and our loss prevention folks. The key to that isn't the dollars, it's making sure the accidents never happen. 
J. Schlotman: Relative to Harris Teeter, I won't go to that level of transparency. Harris Teeter is not the only place that we continue to invest in price. They've -- it's been fairly public about the price reductions they've done and where they've done them, but we continue to refine our pricing strategy in all the geographies we operate. And our goal always remains to grow our operating profit margin on a rolling 4-quarter basis slightly. We were 7 basis points and I've never given a specific number, although Rodney and Cindy both pitted me a little bit yesterday that I've always said, "By that, it's a handful or less," and most people can count how many digits are on both of my hands. And it would be only 1 hand, not 2. So that's why we said we actually exceeded that goal a little bit this time and that's what we always focus on. And when we get the operating leverage, we can accelerate things that we plan to do later. And if things aren't quite trending the way we want to grow operating profit margin, we can slow a few things down. We've become very nimble on that arena, which has been a huge help. 
J. Schlotman: I think it's a combination of things, Karen. The strong sales, certainly, are encouraging for us and that momentum is always good. If you look at everything that has happened and the fact that we've increased our LIFO charge by what will amount to $0.05 or $0.06 more charge than we expected at the beginning of the year, we've now raised our earnings guidance twice, we've now raised our ID sales guidance. It's the combination of those factors that has allowed us to remain quite positive. While we only beat the Street by $0.01, LIFO cost us $0.01 and the 8 basis points from workers' comp and general liability would've been somewhere between $0.015 and $0.02, probably, at least, $0.02, depending on how things round. So despite those headwinds, the underlying strength of our core businesses, we're very happy with it. 
J. Schlotman: We haven't really called out any merger-related expenses for Harris Teeter for a while. We had some, actually leading up to the merger, there's been a few small ones out there, nothing amounting to much of anything, although a lot of the heavy lifting on -- as we convert systems and maybe happened to write some of the assets off of their books that they have capitalized as we convert to our systems. Those things might face us in the future. But those aren't cash expenditures, they're things that were spent in the past. And Vitacost is just so new. Sure, there was a handful of expenses leading up to the merger. While we used outside counsel, we didn't use an outside financial advisor, so it's not like we had any kind of a fee to pay a third party in that. So there really wasn't much at all. 
J. Schlotman: It's negligible for the back half of the year and it's certainly contemplated in our guidance. They were actually operating here, very recently, at very close to a breakeven kind of a level. And we have a little bit of dilution built in, but nothing dramatic that we don't think we can overcome with the strength of the underlying operations. 
J. Schlotman: We were 1.77x last year and we were at 2.33x this year, which was 9 basis points down from the first quarter. We feel very comfortable we're on track to get to the 2x to 2.2x. We'll be happy at the high-end of the range. We don't necessarily have to get to the 2.0x, Scott. That's just the range we winded up giving. I don't know that our balance sheet necessarily precludes us from doing anything. If the right opportunity is out there and we go to the rating agencies and they understand the uniqueness of an opportunity, like they clearly did with Harris Teeter, and our follow-through, when we make a commitment to them that we actually follow through on what we do, whether it's how we expect to grow the dividend, how we expect to use cash flow to buy in shares, how we expect to use capital to grow our business organically, we're very open with the rating agencies and follow through on the commitments we make. And if it's the right set of assets with the right growth opportunity, like Harris Teeter was with all the new markets, I don't think we would be precluded from continuing to participate in industry consolidation. 
J. Schlotman: That's an excellent point. We were actually out of the market on shares for quite a while, as we were blacked out while we were looking at it as well. So it was a combination of factors. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I wouldn't say the 20,000 new hires really has anything to do with any announcement of going into new geography. Those are, by and large, almost entirely, if not incompletely, jobs that are open today in geographies where we already operate or have plans over the next year to open stores in existing geographies. So those are actual current needs we have to have to fully staff our stores at the level we want staffed and be able to have schedules written away. We need them written in our associates who want to work inside of our stores. We continue to think about our new market activity. A lot of activity going on around that, but we aren't going to be premature in announcing where that may be. 
J. Schlotman: A lot of new markets. And relevant to the earlier question that I think John asked, we would expect, they're relatively new to D.C., Baltimore, so for Harris Teeter, those were new markets and there's significant opportunity to increase our footprint in those markets. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, from a liability management standpoint, Filippe, we constantly look at some of those higher-coupon pieces of debt that are out there. Many of those are 30-year debt or what was 30-year debt at the time we issued it. When we look at the net present value of making a tender offer for those, it just doesn't often come out where it's an NPV positive on a cash flow basis. It may help accretion, it may be accretive to earnings per share on that basis, but the upfront amount you have to pay because of the premium that they'd be trading at, you wind up spending a lot of cash upfront. So we'll constantly look at it. I wouldn't say we have any plans in the near term to do anything about them and our approach has been, over time, to continue to manage our liability and have dollars coming due every year so we can be accessing the markets on a regular basis. We've actually taken a few hundred basis points out of our average interest portfolio. When we look at upcoming debt issuance activity, we do oftentimes enter into hedging agreements to lock in current interest rates in advance of actually issuing the debt. As we get closer to those, that is a type of transaction we often use. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, I incorrectly predicted last year that our asset, Harris Teeter, that our unit growth would expand a little bit. So I'll probably be hesitant to repeat that great prognostication here. Obviously, we've been very aggressive on trimming some of the underperforming assets in our portfolio, which has slowed our store count. The question earlier on, in Athens, Georgia, opening it up at 121,000 square feet, there are times -- that was not the case, but there are times where we open a store like that and then may replace a couple of 40,000 or 50,000 square foot stores. So our square footage actually goes up, but our store count goes down by 1 as a result. I think, going forward, our guidance has been in the range of a couple of percent of square footage growth excluding the operational closings and I don't want to get married to a square footage growth on a net basis and not make the right decision on operationally closing a store, so we kind of look at our investments in new, relocated and expanded stores separately from what activities should happen on operational closings and look at those separately. So we continue to increase capital. We'll increase it a couple of hundred million dollars next year. We expect to open up more stores next year than this year and I think it will be a continued progression up in both our store count and our square footage. 
J. Schlotman: On a net basis, I would think so, yes. But Mark, keep in mind, that square footage is significantly more productive when you look at it on a sales per square footage basis. We're up roughly 50% on improvement in productivity in our stores since we started this Customer 1st journey 10 years ago. At the end of the day, I'd rather have more highly -- more productive square footage than more square footage that's a little less productive. 
J. Schlotman: Yes, Meredith. If absent the Harris -- Harris Teeter being in there for a full year this year and if you think about how an ROIC calculation works and we started to go down this path in the conference call and took the language out, so I guess I'll go down on that in the Q&A. Right now, we only have half of the Harris Teeter assets in the calculation because it's the beginning of the year and end of the year average assets that your return is calculated on. So right now, it's about half year's of EBITDA and half of their assets. If you think about an ROIC number for Harris Teeter based on the purchase price, it would've been an ROIC number below what Kroger had been generating. So a full year of Harris Teeter in here will reset the bar for ROIC slightly. It won't be dramatically lower, but we do expect it to be a little bit lower. Absent that, even with the increased CapEx we've been investing in the business, we would've expected ROIC to grow slightly, albeit somewhat slowly as we ramped this up. You typically see a couple to 3-year lag and a better growth of ROIC as you begin to increase your capital expenditures. So we're about midway into that 2- to 3-year time frame. So sometime in '15, '16, we should start to see a bigger benefit from those investments we've made 18 months ago and are starting to mature now and they'll overwhelm the new investments we make in '15 and '16 from a return standpoint. 
J. Schlotman: Well, it's like anything, all would be an overstatement of all hitting that or overperforming. It's a mixed bag. Some are a little below, some are exceeding it in a big way. But, by and large, most of them, many of them are right at the kind of expectations we laid out. The key there will be to continue to generate the sales and the EBITDA that those stores were expected to generate and then, in turn, hold our divisions accountable to give that EBITDA back to our shareholders and either back to us to continue to invest in the business or back to the shareholders so we can grow it. But clearly, as a group, these stores are performing very well and, I would say, are at a point right now of exceeding our expectations as a group. 
J. Schlotman: I would not expect to see a moderation in the capital plans. We've got some great markets where we have average market shares or below average market shares when you look at some of our stronger markets. And the strong connection we see between market share and return on invested capital is one of the reasons we've gone down the fill-in strategy format. And I would expect to continue to see us have a very strong capital expenditure program. When we laid it out in 2012, we expected this to -- a couple of hundred million dollar increase for 5 years and it was going to start in '13. So that really gets you to the '17, '18 kind of time frame. And as we go through that process, we'll go through the report card like you just asked on the stores we've opened. And to the extent we continue to be happy with those investments as a group because, in the end, that's what affects our shareholders, is the group, we'll make ongoing decisions about how much we'll invest in capital. But based on where we are right now, I don't see any cause for pause. 
Michael Ellis: Nothing, other than the fact that the merger just closed a month ago and we are working hard to bring both companies together and see all the benefits we can come up with here. 
Michael Ellis: Well, we've had good success with our marketplace format. It is driving a lot of our sales and growth right now. So really pleased with how they're performing, although we are still working on small-format stores. We're doing some work and research around that. So we're really trying to stay open to what's the customers looking for in terms of shopping experience. And so far, they've been really pleased with the selection that we have in the big store and we're really pleased with the results. 
Michael Ellis: Well, again, we just really closed the transaction and we're right in the middle of putting plans together and going through all of the steps that you would during a merger of this sort and size and really trying to develop our plans for the future and how do we grow the platform, the Vitacost business. And we're learning a lot from Vitacost on what to do within the Kroger footprint also. So we're still in that discovery phase, but there is a lot going on and we're learning every day that there's more to learn. 
Michael Ellis: It was a well-rounded quarter. Corporate brands had a very nice quarter. If there was any hiccup at all and it's not even a hiccup but, obviously, the high dairy prices has an influence on how many units of milk wind up getting sold. So that was a bit of headwind on corporate brands because so much of the milk that we sell is processed in our own dairies. But tonnage, overall, was very, very strong. All departments had positive ID sales. All geographies had positive ID sales. And once again, natural foods would have been the leader in the departments, with continued double-digit ID sales growth in that department. 
Michael Ellis: Okay. Well, it's as much an art as it is a science, but it's really looking at things that would be discretionary, what kind of performance are we having there. So if you think about Starbucks or Boar's Head, some of our cheeses, some of our upscale items, customers continue to engage in that in a much more positive way than before. And that's performance that's year-on-year. Also, if you look at some of the nonfood, general, jewelry, all those types of discretionary items, customers continue to be willing to spend money. And then we also survey our customers on their perception and customers are continuing to tell us they feel the economy is a little bit better, but they continue to be nervous in terms of their outlook on things. So it's cautious optimism, I think, is probably the best way to put it. 
Michael Ellis: Well, it appears to us that the natural organic customer is changing and growing in numbers and those that shop the grocery store are also crossing over. And the blurring of grocery and natural foods is becoming more and more difficult when you look around the store and you can see organic items on the regular grocery shelf. So it seems that the customer base is getting much larger for these types of products. I don't know where the end is. I mean, it might be a lifestyle change for our customers that they're just deciding to eat better and make different choices for their families. But we love the growth and we're going to continue to make sure that we have the products our customers are looking for. 
Michael Ellis: Well, in terms of incremental, it's hard to say. There's a lot of switching that goes on today between natural and basic type of products. As we've mentioned, we expect our Simple Truth brand to be a $1 billion brand this year. So customers are as interested today and as engaged in natural and organic as they've ever been. Also, we don't talk a lot about organic produce, but that's a category that continues to grow. Could probably grow faster if supply was better, but we continue to enjoy large sales growth in that particular area. 
Michael Ellis: SKU count continue to increase and the departments continue to grow in many cases, both on the private label side as well as the branded side. Margins, I'll tell you what, there's more margin pressure now on natural and organic than there's ever been. It seems that it's becoming more and more of a competitive category. And so although margins tend to be better in natural and organic, I don't know if that's going to continue for the foreseeable future. 
