Chuck Jones: I don’t think it complicates the opportunity for a settlement at all. I think we have the opportunity to settle the case all the way through any final outcome actually. So it closes the record as far as anything new being introduced into the record as far as testimony and rebuttal testimony, but it doesn’t prohibit ongoing discussions.
Chuck Jones: Well as I’ve said all along, I think that the plan that we filed is the best plan for the customers in Ohio and we continue to work to educate the commission staff as best we can on why we believe that is the case. I think, we are continuing to discuss certain parameters around the filing, but I would expect that as we go forward we are going to continue to talk about the PPA in somewhat the fashion that we filed it. Now, having said that there is always some room for negotiation, but I think the whole idea here is, we filed a plan that’s good for customers, protects them over the long haul and at the end of the day as I’ve told - I’ve gone through the example of what happens when plants closed in the past, it creates spending and transmission that customers pay for so I think this plan kind of is neutral to what the transmission spending would be and I still think that something that we can get through across goal line with.
Chuck Jones: I would just follow on a little bit though Jim’s answered it. I think we have been very open in disclosing what our pension funding obligations might be and the impact on our GAAP earnings, but from the very beginning of me coming into this position, one of the things we talked about was earnings quality and I think this quarter $0.94 and $0.98 GAAP versus non-GAAP. We have really reduced that gap between GAAP and non-GAAP as I told you I would and I think our earnings quality for all three quarters is substantially improved and that’s the way we expect to operate going forward.
Chuck Jones: I wouldn’t expect that they should have any impact on the discussion we are having with Ohio and there’s - conversely I don’t think the discussions we are having with Ohio should have any impact on any decisions for new builds because the construct of our energy security plan it has no impact on the competitive markets, so I don’t think the two are linked at all.
Chuck Jones: Well you’re going to have to wait for the analyst meeting. We’ve talked about 4.2 billion of transmission spend, four year period from ‘14 through ‘17 and at this point in time I am not prepared to say where we expect that number to be ‘18 and beyond, but I think as we get through the Ohio ESP and then we see the company that we have a base to build upon after that. I think when we have our Analyst Meeting we’ll talk to you more about what we expect to do in the future.
Chuck Jones: Well, first off, I wouldn’t expect them to be substantial and what I’ve kind of challenged the team to do is we need to continue to find efficiencies in this business that will offset any inflationary forces on our cost structure, specific to the utility side of things in an environment where we’re investing in reliability improvements now pretty much across our footprint. Taking cost out of the utilities doesn’t make sense right now. So I wouldn’t expect to see a lot of it come out of the utilities. We’re taking any incremental. That doesn’t mean we’re not focusing on efficient spending in the utilities, but as we create the efficiencies where recycling that back into more investment and more improved service for our customers rather than pulling it out and ultimately reducing the cost structure for the utilities.
Chuck Jones: So I should have preempted all of these Q&A by stating this. I said earlier, Leila is not here and I don’t think you want any of us other than Leila judging what’s happening at the Supreme Court. So here is what I’ll do, Dan, Irene will talk with Leila and we’ll get back to you on that one, but I just don’t feel comfortable asking - answering technical legal questions.
Chuck Jones: Yeah, I think that’s the whole game plan, Dan. Let’s get Ohio behind us one way or another, find out where that leaves us. We know pretty much where capacity performance landed and we know we’ve done internally to strengthen our cash flows. I think at that point in time we are going to give you more of a view towards the future. Two thousand and fifteen has been all about kind of strengthening the base that we want to build from.
Chuck Jones: Yes, there would be an opportunity for comment. I expect we are going to end up at the same place here regardless of a settlement which is an outcome that’s finalized early next year.
Chuck Jones: From my standpoint, the biggest impact has been in the residential sector. We’ve seen somewhat in commercial, typically commercial customers will move towards more energy efficient products sooner than residential. But when you think about the lighting, the Federal Energy Efficiency Lighting standards kicked in 2015. You can’t buy an incandescent bulb right now and we’ve always expected that we would see some impact to our residential usage associated with that. It’s just happening a little bit faster than we had originally planned on our original load forecast.
Chuck Jones: It’s hard for me to talk about customer behavior especially this early on, but my suspicion is that the cost of these bulbs are coming down and they are being offered in a number of stores and consumers are just switching those bulbs sooner than we thought they would be. And as we said, we are looking at this pretty closely right now and we should have a better view on that when we come to the Analyst Meeting. But as we said, we automatically knew that this was going to happen. It’s just maybe happening a little sooner than we expected.
Chuck Jones: Yeah, I would say during the fourth quarter we would expect that the earnings would be pretty much flat quarter-over-quarter.
Chuck Jones: Well, the way the process works in Pennsylvania as you file a long-term infrastructure improvement plan, which pretty much details the types of investments and the impact for customers that you expect to achieve. The Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission reviews the LTIP, Once they review and approve the plan, then recovery under the distribution system, plus recovery rider is essentially, it’s a legislative recovery and it’s essentially very certain [ph] after that. So as long as we spend what we say we were going to spend and do what we say we’re going to do.
Chuck Jones: I’m not going to handicap it, Ashar. I mean we’re working every day, talking on the phone, Leila is down there meeting with the staff today, working through a lot of complex issues and it’s a very complex case. So I don’t want to put pressure on Leila nor on the Commission staff or any other parties that we are talking with. We just keep working through the process. And I believe that there is an opportunity for an ultimate settlement, because I think that we are getting to the point where everybody is starting to really understand why it’s good for customers.
Chuck Jones: The first item is it does not contemplate PPA scenario at all. So we are successful in getting the PPAs done. That will reduce by about half.
Chuck Jones: What Donny is describing is we are going to run that business kind of like a utility. We are going to sell forward two-thirds to three-fourths of our available generation. We are going to keep, as he said, 15 to 20 megawatt hours opened to use as what I refer to as reserve margin to ensure ourselves against weather days, cold weather days to ensure ourselves against a unit. It doesn’t perform as expected and essentially be able to deliver more consistent earnings out of that sector than what we have been able to do in the past because we were exposed to volatility and we were exposed to poor performance by our generating fleet.
Chuck Jones: Yeah, our expectation is that, well, first bonus depreciation, we think it’s likely to be extended through the ‘15 and ‘16 timeframe. That’s not part of the budget bill, but it’s typically done usually at the end of the year in an extender. If the bonus depreciation is not extended, then we’ll likely expire our NOLs around the end of 2018 or into 2019. Assuming bonus depreciation is extended, then we could go out further into the 2020 timeframe. Again that would be impacted by the resolution of the Ohio ESP.
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say that I think we are all just kind of trying to speculate about what could happen. We are being a little more conservative maybe then the AP in there traditionally there is not going to get a lot done in December after Thanks Giving for our RKs to get settled by the end of this calendar year they have to work pretty hard pretty much the whole month of December I think to meet the time tables so we are just expecting likely to get done after the first three year.
Chuck Jones: Okay, well I don’t see any more questions on our call so I want to thank you all very much for your support and just say look forward to you in a week from Monday at EEI and I am sure we will go through all these questions again. Thank you.
Jim Pearson: Yeah, Greg this is Jim. It will not show up in our operating earnings guidance. We have historically treated that as a mark-to-market, in fact if you look at our consolidated report we have put a disclosure in there of what the range of potential impact or GAAP earnings would be if we would have marked that pension plan. Effective September 30, our plan had a loss on our return on assets of about 3.5% and discount range was 4.25%, so we put a range in there assuming that our assets return will remain at that level and the discount rate would be anywhere between 4.25% and 4.5%. As you know October has been a very good month in the equity markets, in fact it’s been probably one of the strongest months in history, so the return on our assets has improved somewhat and if we had to mark that today our discount range would be in the 4.5% range. So my expectation, all things being equal, if they don’t change from today that range that we gave of $0.30 to $0.67, it would be the lower end and in fact it may be less than $0.37 and may be less than 250 million that we disclosed. From a funding stand point, we have disclosed in the 10-K last year that it would be above 1.7 billion for the period ‘15 through ‘19. We did contribute a 143 million this year. From a funding standpoint we will have to see where the discount rate is and where the return on the assets are at the end of the year, but I don’t expect anything to be materially different than what we disclosed in our 10-K in 2014.
Jim Pearson: Yeah, I am not sure that revolver borrowings increased a billion dollars quarter-over-quarter, in fact if you look at our entire financing plan for the entire year we expect to increase debt just by above $350 million dollars year-over-year and most of that will be new long-term debt associated with the distribution and transmission business. In fact our revolver borrowings at the end of the 2014 were about 1.8 billion and my expectation is that they are going to be right in that range maybe slightly less than that the by the end of the year. So there is no real impact on our financing plans there.
Jim Pearson: I thought you said that they were up and that was what was confusing me, right. Now they would be down.
Jim Pearson: Yeah, this is Jim. The way I would look at that, Dan, is that when we went into the year, we had some relatively conservative assumptions because of the uncertainty with the forward-looking rates within ATSI, not only the ROE but potential refunding in that. So I would say our initial estimate was somewhat conservative. And we also have a little higher rate base associated with in servicing some of the projects sooner than we had anticipated. When I would compare, say, ‘16 to ‘15, clearly we’ll give you more guidance at our Analyst Meeting. But I would say the headwinds we are going to face next year is, we are going to have a lower ROE in ATSI. So that’s going to impact our earnings somewhat and some of our transmission spend will be directed towards the former GPU companies where they’re still on standard rates and I would not look for me like rate recovery until beginning in 2017. So I would consider probably ‘15 and ‘16 years to be somewhat flattish and then we will move on in ‘17 once we have the MAIT completed in investments going towards the GPU companies.
Jim Pearson: No, those are still pretty much realistic and those are based on requirements. Dan, it’s not that we can shift money. We could fund more earlier, but you look at what your funding has to be over a seven-year period and so you have to fund at least that amount. I don’t expect when we update that ‘16 and ‘17 will be much different than what we disclosed in our 10-K for 2014. But we will just update some of the years based on where the return on the assets are and where the discount rate is. The Senate had just passed the, I guess, I got the five partisan budget bill. We had extended the funding or the smoothing requirements three additional years through 2020, so that will give some type of relief, because you will be able to use your historical discount rate during those funding periods. So that will lessen all things being equal our funding requirements over that period of time.
Jim Pearson: No, the 10-K that we filed in 2014 did not take into account any of the changes to the smoothing and primarily that smoothing doesn’t impact our funding until year 2019.
Paul Zimbardo: Good morning, another Ohio question if you will. We have seen few data points on potential new bill in Ohio recently now just hoping you could comment on how if at all you see these developments impacting the discussion the Ohio mission that’s starting, yeah.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay I just looked at the short-term borrowing declined a billion, I know you’d mentioned in the past your trying to or considering terming -
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Sorry to clarify, is that indication that you are trying to term more out or that’s just kind of normal fluctuation for the quarter. A That’s normal fluctuation. It’s not that we are terming any of that out.
Donny Schneider: Yeah, yeah, Chuck is absolutely right. With the PPA, we only have about 3 terawatt hours open in the front half of ‘17 and about 16 terawatt hours in the back half and to answer your question, with the PPA we would move that into our sales channels regardless of the PPA, we would move it into the sales channels, we wouldn’t take it all to the wholesale market. Without the PPA, you’ve got a 41 terawatt hours again more heavily weighted on the back half of ‘17.
Donny Schneider: No, no. We would move it into our LCI or [indiscernible] channels. Wholesale is kind of our last resort if you will, because we don’t make much margin on that.
Donny Schneider: No, we would still hold some back for the spot market. We would hold back by about 15 to 20 terawatt hours in the spot market.
Donny Schneider: As you said, if you look at our fact book on slide 98, page 49, it lays out those sales channels and our ranges around it.
Donny Schneider: Yeah, so I would say in a non-PPA scenario if you look at our 2016 EBITDA slide, that’s going to give you the pretty good proportions and we are not intending to change those proportions.
