Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, this is Tony. When you think about it, it starts off all as an expense reduction. But a big part of our expenses end up being capitalized because it's all people-related. So it's going to really turn out to be a function of whether or not the workload and how it gets allocated -- is just going to be a question of whether or not that $150 million is going to be allocated to expense because that's where the individual would have or is working on, or whether that will be moved over to capital because of that same rationale. This isn't capital in the sense that we're delaying projects or eliminating projects. These are real cash savings that will then get allocated depending on where our people are working and what projects we're working on during the time frame.
Anthony J. Alexander: I guess, Dan, we're going to wait and give you that next year or later this year when we give you 2014 guidance. Obviously, we'll be looking at all of our costs, not just the ones that we've dealt with here. But fundamentally, each and every time we go about developing what our game plan is for the upcoming year, we'll scrub all of the numbers and determine where best to spend our available cash.
Anthony J. Alexander: Julien, I wouldn't necessarily describe it as difference. I mean, I -- we've always invested heavily in our regulated operations. The fact is, however, that as you look to the future, that there are probably stronger returns available, and more predictable returns available, from shifting investments towards transmission and other items as opposed to investing in generation assets. That's kind of a decision we make all the time in the business. The growth opportunities in transmission and distribution, we're looking very closely at. You've kind of -- I tried to give you a sense for the type of opportunities that are in the transmission business. I wouldn't necessarily say they are the same types of opportunities in the -- one-off opportunities, if you will, in the distribution business, but they are significant in the distribution business if, in fact, we start to, perhaps, accelerate smart meter technology throughout the system. The timing is going to be dependent, in large measure, on when we believe it's time to begin to expand rate base in those areas and take advantage of those growth opportunities.
Anthony J. Alexander: Nice try. That's pretty good, though. Since you didn't know the first one or the second one, I don't really know how to answer that. The question was clear, though. You guys are getting better at this.
Anthony J. Alexander: No, I think the ones that we're talking about today, while there could be some impacts there, the ones we're talking about today are fundamental changes in plans. Single administrator, as an example. Changing in plans that have higher deductibles. Things of that nature are driving the real change and the cost savings.
Anthony J. Alexander: My sense is that we will look at a number of different opportunities and determine what's in our best interest and our shareholders' best interest going forward.
Anthony J. Alexander: So I think the couple of cents is kind of what you ought to be thinking about. The $875 million reduction in capital, I think that's -- was that 5 years? Over that 5-year time frame. With the bulk of that coming in the earlier years, the time when the MATS expenditures would be coming through. And with respect to the $150 million to $200 million, I think you're a little confused. The bulk of these expenditure or bulk of these savings relate to current employees. Somebody raised a question with respect to retirees, but the fact of the matter is, the medical plan benefit changes and the other change that we are contemplating in benefits and otherwise, are really related to the current benefit package we offer employees.
James F. Pearson: I'd say, Dan, we said that there would be about 250 positions that would be eliminated. Some were not filled, and that was in addition to the 380 positions that were associated with the deactivation of those plants. I think the bigger cost item will be the elimination of some of our benefit cost. It's a bigger cost reduction than just the staffing in itself, Dan. So I would say that would be the more significant component of the cost reduction.
James F. Pearson: That right, that's right. What I would say the O&M savings associated with Mitchell and Hatfield, that would align with the several-cent incremental earnings per share.
James F. Pearson: No. Right now we don't have that breakdown, Brian. And as a Tony said, we're going to incorporate that into our 2014 plans and we'll probably be able to give a little more clarity then.
James F. Pearson: No. It really doesn't have any cost implications other than you get, always, a charge for your unused capacity. So you have very minor incremental cost associated with it.
James F. Pearson: Those steam generators, you're probably referring to the Davis-Besse that we're planning in '14; and then, we also have Beaver Valley 2 that's in '17. And although you could move that, it's very unlikely that we would because you have a pretty laid out schedule right there that you've got to meet and then you also got to plan what your outages are. So I think it would be very unlikely that we'd be making any modification to that construction schedule.
James F. Pearson: At this point, we would expect that this would continue throughout next year. And as we said, it would be about $100 million on an annual basis, Steve. So you won't see $100 million this year. It probably won't really get implemented until probably by the fourth quarter of next year. But we would expect that to continue into next year.
James F. Pearson: Yes, I think, at this point, Angie, we had the first round of indicative bids. We had a lot of interest in the hydro assets. We're in the process now of narrowing that down, and we're continuing to evaluate that. So I don't think there is any change at this point. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for participating in the call and your continued interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks.
Donald R. Schneider: Brian, this is Donny. Let me talk about the FTRs first because that seems to be a hot issue. Like many of the other PJM market participants, we also have experienced FTR underfunding. However, as we went into this year, we had adjusted our hedging strategy to be less dependent on FTRs. So versus our expectations, the impact has been very minor. If you think about what's going on there, what's driving this underfunding, there is a whole myriad of issues. There's the themes issues between MISO and PJM. There's the difference between what you would anticipate from kind of an infrastructure perspective, when the FTRs are allocated versus what actually occurs with outages and that sort of thing. And then, obviously, differences between how the day-ahead in real-time congestion is settled. I think we also released that we, in fact, filed a complaint with FERC back in 2011 to try and address these issues, and that case is still pending. We are seeing funding coming in, about 75% to 85% of what we feel we're entitled to. So we believe we're being shorted somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% to 25%. So while versus expectations, it's a very minor impact to us, on a year-to-date basis, we believe our revenue was off for about $6.5 million, about $0.01.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I think, Jonathan -- this is Donny. The biggest driver there is just increased sales. I mean, we have to pay network transmission to deliver our product, in many cases. And so that's the biggest driver, but we'll net some other things against that.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's basically, when you look at that, we're hedging -- that's one of the instruments we use to hedge the congestion. So we'll do a financial sale and a financial buy to hedge the congestion, and that's the net of the 2.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Steve, this is Donny. I think it is the way we're pushing into the different channels. I think over the last several years, we have talked about our multichannel approach. And some of those channels are harder. I mean, retail sales, residential retail sales is much harder than selling to a big C&I customer. Generally, you get stronger margins there. You have to be very careful about your cost to acquisition. But if you think about, for example, our $0.07 for 7 years, in today's market, those contracts are paying very nice margins to us. In general, I think right now we've sold about 75 terawatt hours forward for 2014, and we're seeing an aggregate rate, about $1 better than what we're delivering this year. I think this year we're right about that $53 a megawatt hour. Next year, what we've got booked so far, will produce something right around $54 a megawatt hour.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I would assume it's probably about 9.5 to 10 million-megawatt hours that would be associated with the Hatfield and Mitchell. So that's what I would assume for that.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. I think it's very comparable. I mean, if you think about what the markets have done as we booked those sales, the wholesale markets have dropped off fairly steadily over the last several years. And to be able to deliver a higher aggregate rate, I think is significant.
Donald R. Schneider: No. No, generally, I think, Angie, what you'd see is our SG&A expenses have come down. I would especially point to fuel, for example, has come down significantly based on the work we did last year.
