Irene Prezelj: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. Today, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other matters. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements can be found on the Investors section of our website under the Earnings Information link and in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. The presentation that supports today’s discussion and other detailed information about the quarter can be found in the strategic and financial highlights documents on the FirstEnergy Investor Relations website. Participants in today’s call include our President and Acting Chief Executive Officer, Steve Strah; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Taylor; and our Executive Director and Independent Board Member, Chris Pappas. We also have several other executives available to join us for the Q&A session. Now I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Irene Prezelj: It's Irene and thanks for the question. I think what we intend to do is you're right there are a number of open proceedings in Ohio, but as I mentioned earlier, what we intend to do is the first step in this process is really listen, listen to the various stakeholders to understand what their interest is, what their concerns if any are with respect to the regulatory construct. And I would say that includes open proceedings, but it includes whatever is of interest to the regulatory stakeholders. We want to sweep all of that into one big process. I will say it is not our intention to step away from or interrupt any of the work that's currently going on from the commission proceedings whether it's the show cause proceeding or the corporate separation proceeding or the audit of DMR. We expect that work to continue. We will fully participate and cooperate in that work. But on a parallel path, we want to be working with all these parties to understand what's important to them and what we can do collectively to move this issue forward in the state of Ohio.
Irene Prezelj: Thanks, Steve. I would say that currently were scheduled to file testimony in that proceeding March 1st. But I would add that the consumer advocate in Ohio has asked for a procedural stay on that process pending legislative outcome. So we're waiting to see how the commission acts on that. But as Steve said, this is one of the many proceedings that we want to address in a collaborative transparent fashion with our stakeholders and intend to do so.
Christopher Pappas: Before we open up the call to Q&A, we wanted to provide a recent update which we disclosed in our 10-K this morning. We received a letter dated February 16 2021 from Icahn Capital informing the company that Carl Icahn is making a filing under the Hart Scott Rodino Act and has an intention to acquire voting securities of FirstEnergy an amount exceeding $184 million but less than $920 million depending on various factors including market conditions. We do not know whether Carl Icahn and his affiliates have acquired shares of FirstEnergy common stock and/or derivatives and we do not know his intentions with respect to our company. The letter represents our only contact with Icon Capital and we don’t have any additional information to share. With that, we can open it up for questions.
Christopher Pappas: Hi, Steve hi, it's Chris Pappas. So we found as noted in the comments a relatively small amount of variety of transactions, over a long period of time, we mentioned up to 10 years and in some cases beyond. So the context for this that I think is important is we have taken an extensive deep analysis of all kinds of transactions in the company that includes the zones you're describing, it could be lobbying political, it could be contracts with vendors a whole variety of things. And in that process we identified some transactions that were improperly characterized, allocated, not supported, small amounts, not material and those amounts will now be in discussion with the jurisdictions where they occurred through a regulatory group. And they will be managed going forward through that process. So I want to leave you with one impression a lot of work an extensive amount of deep analysis and a limited amount of findings as a result of that essentially in the arenas that I described.
Christopher Pappas: No - well, they range from what I described. They could be a vendor payment that was inappropriately allocated. They could be - a lobbying effort that was inappropriately allocated. There are a whole variety of small items like that. It's not focused in one area or otherwise. And these are small items over a long period of time that will need to be corrected.
Christopher Pappas: So the short answer is we're still cooperating. Look we have taken the approach from the beginning that cooperating with both the DOJ and the SEC and in full cooperation is the right approach. We have done a number of things to support that and we'll continue to do that. Otherwise we really can't comment any further. I would however say that the cooperation is just one of the cornerstones of the shift and change in this company that Steve and others are driving. And I hope you're getting that impression more broadly not just around the cooperation, but more broadly around the dynamics of compliance improvement, the activities of the board, the bringing on of a new executive director and vice chair with extensive experience in the energy and utility space. John Somerhalder who will be a great add, the bringing on of Hume Park, the eventual onboarding of a new compliance and ethics officer, the changes that the company is making and its compliance and ethics program as part of the work of the subcommittee of the audit committee. All of these things in concert are moving the company forward in a way that FirstEnergy is going to emerge from this as we think stronger and different and better company. So I'd like you to keep all that in mind as you guys think about the dynamics going on there. Steve go ahead.
Christopher Pappas: Hi, Jeremy, Chris. So look as we said extensive deep long work long time frame work small amounts, the majority of it is in Ohio but there are small amounts in other states. All of those will be addressed by Eileen and her team. We believe in a constructive manner with those jurisdictions. They're very small amounts. We don't expect them to have an impact on the company.
Jon Taylor: Yes, that's correct James. And as I mentioned we view this as a as a transformational effort. And if you think about our company, we've not had a lot of investment in the technology areas. In fact I think we've kind of starved that area to a certain extent. And for instance modern investments around mobility, use of data and analytics that we see could drive a lot of value for the company. In some instance, I would tell you that we're operating on late 1990s and early 2000 vintage platforms. And so, we see a lot of opportunity for efficiency in fact, integration of systems, digital tools to drive efficiencies, use of automation and data analytics around asset health, maintenance work, whether it be repair, replace decisions vegetation management programs, procurement and so we're excited about the opportunity. We just finished phase 1 of the project and I think our employees are very excited. I think they see this as a real opportunity. And the amount of opportunity was meaningful enough to go into phase 2. And so, we'll be building out the blueprints in phase 2 and then as we make progress will continue to provide updates.
Jon Taylor: I think we have flexibility in most all of our programs. I mean you think about it $3 billion across 13 utility and transmission companies there's obviously opportunities across the spectrum. And so, I think it's kind of a wait and see mode, but I do think there are some opportunities for us to be more efficient. And if we need to scale back we can do that, but that's something that will address down the line.
Jon Taylor: I think as early as this year. I mean we're spending some money this year in KATCo or excuse me, not KATCo, but the territory West Penn, Mon Power and Potomac Edison that's where we're spending the money. But I think KATCo would probably be a little bit further down the line.
Jon Taylor: Oh yes. We received the letter from Icahn. It was dated February 16. It expressed his intentions to buy securities of FirstEnergy and that's pretty much all we know at this point time.
Jon Taylor: So Julien this is Jon. So I would tell you that we don't have anything in the current plan related to FE forward. We view this more as a transformational effort that's going to take some time. It could take two to three years. There could be some opportunities for some quick wins. But we don't have anything currently baked into our 2021 plan. There could be a little bit of upside. I'm not going to commit to that right now. But as we work through the next phase of this project we will see if there is opportunity to accelerate some of the opportunities or we just let it flow naturally through the course of the program. But again I don't view this as a cost cutting exercise. I view this more of a transformational effort that's really focused on creating efficiencies for the long-term.
Jon Taylor: Well I mean I think as you know if we are able to create efficiencies through the P&L obviously that's credit positive. So, we can look for those types of opportunities. It might scale back some of the CapEx in terms of being more efficient in the work we do, but at the end of the day, the plan is going to be to reinvest some of those dollars into our customers, our employees and for emerging technology type of investments and to support kind of a renewable type of grid. And so, it's not going to be dollar for dollar efficiencies. It's going to be efficiencies used to reinvest in our business whether that be employees or customers.
Jon Taylor: So I think we were around 10% at the end of 2020 if I got credit for the cash that we had on the balance sheet. I think we're going to be a little bit north of that this year. But that's going to improve over time as we issue the equity as we look to implement FE forward and so we're targeting sometime once we get through some of these uncertainties in the 12% to 13% range. That is our target for our go forward plan.
Jon Taylor: So Jeremy this is Jon. I had a little bit of color there. So, we've been meeting with the agencies every month for the past and I'm talking about the rating agencies for the past several months. I think the meetings have been very productive. We’ve had Chris on the call a couple of different times, their focus is on governance compliance and we've been providing them updates as we make progress. I think the meetings have been very constructive and I feel although they're positive meetings, but I think they're still in kind of a wait and see mode. And I think they want to see the changes in action before they consider any type of ratings change or outlook change and I think they also want to see how this investigation plays out. So, we're going to continue to meet with them on a regular basis and update them on our progress. But I think so far the meetings have been very constructive, have been very open and very transparent.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Stephen, this is Jon. I think we’re open to different approaches and in fact we look at that quite regularly. I would tell you – I think you’re referring to the duke asset sale…
Jon Taylor: I would say that first of all we like our platform of companies and we believe each of our companies is uniquely situated to provide investment opportunities to better serve customers and provide growth in earnings and operating cash flow. I think there is going to be a significant investment opportunities at each of these companies that are going to be important to our success but yes we’ve looked at that transaction that appears to be successful transaction for Duke and it's a very interesting transaction. So we've looked at those types of things in the past and for us it just hasn't worked primarily due to tax leakage. But I understand the minority interest piece. But in our normal assessment of our strategy, we look at those types of - we look at those types of things.
Jon Taylor: Well, good question. Just so we're clear on our current approach. Under my leadership, we made some significant changes immediately. So we’ve seized all political contributions and we’re evaluating what our path forward will be when playing in that space I would say. And then also includes 501c(4)s. You can count on us not contributing to any 501c(4) that is politically focused and that’s going to form the basis of our activity going forward. So what we’re doing we’re working internally, and we’re working with our Board of Directors to get clarity around what our internal expectations are, what our philosophy and pathway will be moving ahead. And the way I look at it we're going to get involved in items of this kind in which we could look at every employee directly in the eye and explain the why behind the what - of what we're doing in this arena. So what we're working on at least from our standpoint is that great reduction in 501c(4) giving anyway. So it's going to be a nonfactor for us. And then secondly we're going to be working with the subcommittee of our audit committee from a compliance standpoint to make sure that we have the reporting that we need internally that will satisfy us and then we'll work to form something that we will publish in our FactBook and - and in other areas. That's our current thinking.
Jon Taylor: Well, I think as we invest in our transmission business and these distribution enhancement programs, it naturally generates FFO. And so, even in our plant not every Ford and our current equity plan, we continue to trend upwards from the 10% we’re at now. So, as we continue to invest in these programs, we manage our cost internally, that should naturally provide for higher FFO to debt.
Jon Taylor: Angie from our view point, any work that FERC is doing on FERC 1000 we’re staying plugged into and collaborating where we need to. But right now our operating posture going forward will be to continue to maximize investments and improve reliability in our transmission system on our own native footprint. And as we’ve explained in prior calls, we literally have multiple decades of investment opportunities there for us. We will have our complete transmission system overtime and formulate our grades. And we view it as a an excellent growth platform for our company, but I would also want to emphasize that we have clearly improved reliability for those areas are energizing the future transmission program is focused on, in particular in terms of reducing customer outages and in some cases by 50%. So, we’ll let FERC continue their work. But currently, our current business plan is solid once again we have a great and diverse footprint to move investments around. And that's what you can count on us for moving ahead.
Jon Taylor: Michael, this is Jon. So you're correct. It's about $100 million lower in 2022 and 2023. I think it went from $500 million to $400 million. And that's primarily attributable to the asset performance this year. We had tremendous asset performance in our pension portfolio close to 15% and so that reduced the funding obligation for those years. With respect to your question around costs, I actually think we're going to see costs decline. Operating costs decline year-over-year because we're not anticipating as much what I'll call pandemic costs that we incurred in 2020. If you think about all the personal protective equipment all the contractors and bad debt expense for our receivables that we incurred in 2020, although we expect that to continue at summary, but not to the rate that we saw in 2020. So I actually think you'll see a stop a step down in our G&A costs.
Steven Strah: Yes, I would just add Jon I think that's a great run down. From my perspective, this project is not only looking at the ability to promote greater financial flexibility, but I think it's a real prime time opportunity for us now that we're a fully regulated electric utility to keep the customer in the middle of our focus also. And I think this project will represent opportunities just as Jon outlined to keep the customer in the middle of the mission and improve customer service ultimately.
Steven Strah: Yes, Steve, we thought it was noteworthy and that's why we're just being open and transparent about it, can't really comment as Jon said, we just don't know enough at this point. But look we just reviewed many very good actions that the Board and management have taken together. As we work as a team completely through our current challenges and we're just going to continue to do the right thing in open and transparent way and that's going to be to the benefit of all shareholders.
Steven Strah: Yes, Steve I would just say in general we're taking a new and fresh approach to Ohio. It's one of collaboration in creating a more constructive environment. And it's really around listening and learning in terms of not only the regulators views but all of our stakeholders. And the first step was to forego the lost distribution revenue issue. It was consistent with the partial settlement that we arrived at with the Ohio Attorney General and we felt as though it was the right thing to do. And this idea of taking the known items that are on our collective agenda in Ohio and bundling them together in a collaborative process is really what we're aiming at here. And I'm going to turn it over to Eileen Mikkelsen to give us a sense of a dialogue that we have heard at a very high level and then any other color commentary if you will you'd like to lend.
Steven Strah: Chris, I think really you summarized it very well there. So, I can speak in particularly for the management team, we’re very excited to bring Jon on with his deep and long experience and we’re just really very excited to get started.
Steven Strah: Well, all I can say is we're in touch with the agencies regularly and Agency regularly and we are continuing our work. We have done a lot of work and we'll continue our work. I'm not going to predict timing or outcome of either our internal continued work or the course of federal work. But yes, to your question are we working with them closely on these activities, of course.
Steven Strah: I think in general if you would look at the regulators that we have approached there is a thankfulness by them relative to us reaching out in a very transparent manner on issues of interest. So, once again, we as a company are going to continue to take what I would call a no surprises approach and I think that's being received very, very well. I think as Chris had talked through in his prepared remarks, the board has taken comprehensive and decisive action in a number of different ways. And I think from the various stakeholders that we've been in touch with the feedback certainly has been very good. There is a difference however between talking about creating change and then being that change. And that's exactly what we're in the process converting words into action and there will be more.
Steven Strah: But I would just say for sake of clarity that if we talk about a nominal payment amount that doesn't necessarily equate to the amount that would have been included in customer rates. There's a whole rate making process and timing around that that really translates the nominal dollar amount that we're talking about relative to the payment into what would actually landed in customer rates.
Steven Strah: And Angie to your second question, if you look at FET the tax basis is probably lower than you think because of bonus depreciation and dividends and that type of thing. So, the transaction that Stephen was mentioning wouldn't even trigger a tax consequence just because you're selling a minority share. But if you were to sell a bigger share, it would have some tax consequences.
Steven Strah: Yes. So Michael I would just say that is an open docketed item and just as we had mentioned earlier we're going to take a very open and collaborative approach on that. And for a further view I'd like to just turn it to Irene.
Steven Strah: Thank you very much. I wanted to thank everybody for joining today and your continued support. Thanks for your questions and your insights. Our performance in 2020 was solid. This year we're committed to continuing that very strong focus in performance and operations while we're hard at work transforming FirstEnergy for the future and continuing to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. So thank you very much for joining us today. I wish all of you to be healthy and safe during this pandemic period and all the best to you.
