Charles Jones: I think as we get this separation done, I will be having conversations with the Board. But I think it’s too early to go there. But clearly I think if we’re going to be expected to be valued as a fully regulated company, we’re going to have to have a dividend policy that matches what other fully regulated companies do in the very near future.
Charles Jones: So that would get this FES fully behind us, which we – this was a huge milestone, and it gives us the ability to now quantify what the fully regulated company looks like going forward. And that puts me in a position to have more meaningful discussions with the Board than we were able to have up until now.
Charles Jones: Here’s what I’d say. We started planning for this exit over a year ago with that feed tomorrow. We had a lot of that groundwork done in advance. We’ve obviously implemented this voluntary early retirement program to facilitate that. We’re working through re-designing our entire corporate structure to fit what we need to be a regulated utility business going forward. That’s a work in progress. It’s going to result in savings but we’re not ready to communicate what that total amount means and how it’s going to look going forward. Internally, there are lots of people involved and we’re taking into account the feelings and emotions and everything else that goes into what we’re putting this corporate structure through right now. At the appropriate time, we’ll tell you what the financial impacts are.
Charles Jones: I'll go first. I’ve talked generically about the costs that are imposed on the transmission system when existing power plants close. Generally that’s not around the nuclear plants though. The nuclear plants are very heavily networked as a result of the need to ensure multiple sources of off-site power for reactor coolant. So the nuclear plants themselves don’t generate a lot transmission costs. I’ve spoken about the costs we did incur when we closed the Lake plants and as well as costs that have occurred throughout the markets as other power plants have closed. But inside our plan we include all of the RTEP projects that PJM identifies for our footprint. And those go up and down each year but they are included within our plan. So I wouldn’t anticipate any significant change from the $1.2 billion that we talked about over the next four years after this year.
Charles Jones: That is correct. Our financial ties to FES will end this year so that we can focus being a fully-regulated company starting in 2019. Any shared services that they may want after that they will pay for at the appropriate costs.
Charles Jones: Okay. Well, thank you, all. As I said earlier, this settlement is a big milestone in our evolution to be in a fully regulated company. We thank you for support and I look forward to seeing you all in between now and the third quarter call and then talking to you again at the third quarter. Take care.
Steven Strah: Steve, this is Steve Strah. So from a financing plan perspective, we would use internally generated cash flow as well as debt issued at the utility. So we have no incremental equity needs through our planning period through 2021.
Steven Strah: This is Steve. Thanks for the question. We continue to work with regulators and staff in Ohio. We are currently deferring the full impact of the number of tax savings dollars there beyond the writers that we’ve already trued-up. So we’re working with them just as other utilities are working with them through the process. And once again, we’re following the lead of regulators also in West Virginia, as an example, where we have filed as asked and we’ll work through the process with them.
Steven Strah: I think we’re within the expectation level that we had. It’s a two-way dialogue. It’s very clear that we’ve returned roughly $40 million through the writer process for the DMR and DCR writers. The remainder is to be worked out.
Steven Strah: There were no other onetime adjustments to the quarterly earnings. The weather impact was about $0.03 compared to last year.
Steven Strah: The total weather adjusted experience that we had is roughly 1% above normal when you look at it on a year-to-date basis.
Steven Strah: This is Steve again. As I said in my open remarks, we had a cool April, but we had a very warm May and June that got us to that $0.03 number.
Steven Strah: With regard to the seat test, the seat test is statutory, so that is not something the commission is allowed to just ignore.
Steven Strah: This is Steve again. Our forecast, with or without, those capital programs, we would generate enough internally generated cash flow and be able to fund the difference in debt issued at our regulated companies.
James Pearson: Yeah, Chris. This is Jim. We were about $0.03 to $0.04 higher associated with weather during the quarter.
James Pearson: So, as of this point in time, we have not even triggered the first threshold under the seat test. So, I think all is good with regard to ROEs in Ohio for the moment.
James Pearson: That is way forward-looking and I don’t know that there’s, I think probably there are some commissioner spots that are coming due next year but we have no idea who the governor is going to be at this point. It’s too premature to even think about that.
James Pearson: So, any thoughts around the future of those assets are now questions to be posed to FES. I would say that from my perspective, I continue to feel that that the market policies in our countries have severe flaws, that closing perfectly good nuclear plants in the long run is not going to be a good thing for our country. In the long run, it’s not going to be a good thing for the six million customers that I’m paid to look out for. Because I think you know having a diverse mix of generation provides the most secure future for those customers from both a physical security, grid resiliency, and an economic stability perspective. So, to the extent my voice matters in this process, I’m going to continue to be a loud advocate for it. I do believe that the Department of Energy is still very seriously looking at this issue and we’re hopeful that they intend, that they will eventually step forward and do something to stabilize it.
James Pearson: No, we didn’t raise guidance for the full year because we’re halfway through the year and a cold August and a warm December would result in reversing everything that we’ve seen. So, I think I’ve said before I’m not going to take credit for good weather but I’m also not going to plan on it either. So, you know, we are on track with our plan as we laid it out for 2018 with basically the only difference being the Supreme Court ruling and the weather in this quarter.
James Pearson: I would say you can think of it as basically done, but not done. We still have work to get definitive agreements in place and get the courts to approve it. But I’m not planning to use the restructuring working group to advise me on anything but the bankruptcy.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. Congratulations on the great update. I just had two quick questions, not necessarily on FES here. The first is in terms of ROEs in Ohio. So they’re trending upwards. Just wanted to confirm any details about the seat test and your thoughts there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Got it. I know this is a little forward-looking, three is a change in the commission potentially with the election, just want to get your thoughts on the seat test going forward, if there’s anything you can say now or this is much more far away of a topic.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s fair. Okay. And then my second question is just, I noticed you didn’t have any commentary on the nuclear assets. I know that since you guys are totally out of FES now, that it’s not really related to your ongoing business, but just curious if you have any thoughts on support for those nuclear assets and your thoughts there.
Chuck Jones: From a strategic direction we’re committing to 6% to 8% growth over the next four-year period and beyond that, there’s nothing that I would comment on. I would just say any inquiries we would take seriously and look at and we’re going to always do what’s right for our shareholders but strategic plays for growth in this industry today are very complex especially if you take a company like ours where we have five regulatory jurisdictions so that would imply six or more likely regulatory jurisdictions. They’re just very complex and right now I think we’re just focused what we’ve said. We’ve had 6 million customers across five states, 10 distribution utilities, three transcos [ph] and now we’re looking at how we deliver the value that our shareholders had been asking for from us starting in 2019 and then well into the future.
Chuck Jones: It fulfills what I’ve said earlier that starting in 2019 any financial exposure to the commodity markets is gone and the financial lease for Pleasants will move all of that to the FES creditors.
Chuck Jones: For the next two years, it’s going to be $1.2 billion. It was $1.1 billion this year and $1.2 billion for the next four years. We are moving it around our system. That’s the clear benefit that we have of having a five-state territory with almost 25,000 miles of transmission. We can move it around. I’ve talked about the benefits already at 37% reduction and equipment related outages on our ATSI system. That’s a direct result of the investments we’ve been making. We’re now moving more into the make [ph] part of our system and I’m sure down the road we’ll look at the Allegheny transmission that is in currently still instated rates and see if it makes sense to move to a forward-looking transco [ph] for those. But I think for now, for the next four years, it’s going to be $1.2 billion. We’re doing 600 to 700 projects a year and we have to be cognizant of the execution risks. And as I’ve talked before, there’s not an unlimited workforce out there in our country today for transmission line and substation projects given that a lot of our other peers are focusing on this area too.
Chuck Jones: Well I don’t have anything specific to talk about but clearly we have a good track record of working our regulators to come up with different mechanisms other than traditional rate-based type of rate making. So whether those are writers or formulas or trackers in Pennsylvania. We have that as IIP in New Jersey as a helpful addition to how we do business there. We’ve had the DCR in Ohio. And so anything that is [indiscernible] to investors so that you understand when we’re making investments what the returns are for you. That is constructive for customers. And obviously if we can reduce flag [ph] all of those are goals that we would like to achieve.
