Tony Alexander: Julien, in the main, I mean, as you look through the year, you got to remember that in part the first quarter would not have only affected by the Davis-Besse outage, which is scheduled for basically all of February and all of March; losing Beaver Valley was also impacting that January timeframe. So the first quarter is going to be impacted by that probably more than we would have expected, but about in the same range as where we were originally anticipating. As you think about the year, however, the growth in earnings from the segment were rising as time went on. For example, the capacity revenue in the first quarter of this year is about $27 a megawatt a day or whatever that is. Starting in June it goes to $126 per megawatt a day. So there is a very large impact on capacity revenues quarter to quarter as you move through this timeframe. Also, when we talk about the annual guidance over the year need to think about the transmission investments that we are making in the earnings that arise from the -- when you start those expenditures in January they grow over time. And as they are placed in service in the later part of the year, those earnings tend to be more tail end loaded than front end loaded in this overall timeframe. So while the first quarter with expectations are probably little lower than what people would have thought normally just by dividing by four they're not too far off of what we would have otherwise expected.
Tony Alexander: Julien, we are going to go through all this stuff when we get to the first quarter timeframe. We are only through one month of the first quarter. But obviously, when you have the type of weather we had, we had more sales on both the competitor side and the utility side in January than we otherwise would have anticipated. And obviously with the extension of the Beaver Valley outage part of which we have already talked about earlier I think, this year towards the end of last -- earlier this year, that had an impact. And clearly there the prices were somewhat higher than we would otherwise anticipated and we are also seeing some PJM costs that are a little higher than we would have anticipated, but we don’t have the final bills on all of those things yet. So I think at this point that the best way to look at it is that from a company perspective, guidance range is the same and segment ranges are the same. So how they shake out during the year and the actions we will take offsetting one way or the other, will take place naturally as it always does during a year when you are dealing with multiple issues.
Tony Alexander: Yes, I think it would generally be slightly higher than that, Jonathan. You might recall we called in one pollution control note, that was about $230 some million and we had a about $10 million favorable interest that Dutchman associated it with that.
Tony Alexander: Steven, I think you are always looking at where your right level of sales are and, in part, it's driven by what the market provides or delivers to you. If customers are willing to pay the risk premium associated with carrying the volatility in the market then I suspect you will see retail sales at certain levels if customers are not anticipating paying that, but I would expect it would be a just to (inaudible) because the cost don't go away from a volatility stand point. And some point the market is going to have to period. And at the end it's going to be whether or not it is going to be from a customer stand point or ultimately at that point whether or not a retail market for customers exists in the same format that we see it today. We are already seeing the impact of variable pricing on not only industrial customer for residential and commercial customers that have chosen that path whether or not they stay in that environment over a long period of time is if volatility continues to be a issue in the market and my own sense is that perhaps it will given the structure of it we could see some very different forms of retail contracts.
Tony Alexander: Well, like Donny said, there could be more adjustment clauses in them, there could be more risk add it to fix contractor. There is a whole series of things that could be put in place to try to mitigate or address those types of differing issues.
Tony Alexander: We are working through that process right now on a contract by contract basis and we work with PJM to make sure that the buildings that also got (inaudible) charge to us are appropriate.
Tony Alexander: I will try to give you as much as I can. Gregg. Don't hold me as being the expert on this at this point. I have briefed a couple of times, but we will go through the process, we believe that what we found is that structurally significant to the overall shields integrity. And it is fixable in the upcoming when we actually close the opening. It primarily resulted, if I understand it correctly primarily resulted because this was a -- it was left in a more temporary position with framing still in place on the back side, because we knew we're going to cut it again in a year. What happened is that it didn't completely settle into all areas and so there were some gaps. We think it's fixable fairly straightforward inside the scope of the timeframe of this outage.
Tony Alexander: Thanks Paul. I like to thank everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and we remain committed to providing long time value and sustainable growth. Bye now.
Donny Schneider: Neel, this is Donny. We rely heavily on our fleet as you know but we also utilize call options and purchase power as need be. If the fleets running flat out the way per design, we are pretty well hedged; we don’t have to rely much on the spot market.
Donny Schneider: Yes, I think as Leila and Tony both said, obviously we at the Beaver Valley outage that was almost the entire month. In addition, to that while in aggregate for the month our fissile fleet ran pretty well, we did have some outages at our Mansfield plant that occurred in inopportune times, specifically when there was a very coldest weather and the prices were the very highest. So having to buy to replace for those outages was expensive.
Donny Schneider: Jonathan, this is Donny. We have not really tried to position it for seasonality up to this point. Generally, what happens is the customers are going to buy to lineup with the planning here so to speak. So it is not unusual for a customer to want to buy June through May or perhaps though by on a calendar year, but to this point we have not seen much customer demand for kind of a seasonal -- not say we won't be looking at that but at this point we have not have that opportunity. 
Donny Schneider: Yes, Steven this is Donny. I think especially if you look at like the Ohio polar auction and you can see that those prices are up substantially, I think that's reflective of the volatility. Obviously, as we move forward and price new contracts on the retail side, we will begin the higher volatility so they will naturally drive the margins up, if you will.
Leila Vespoli: Neel, so we are still looking in that but I would imagine when we file we would file the cases that we are going to file this year at one point in time. But as to the particular utilities, I am not prepared to say right now. Obviously, we would want to talk to folks in Pennsylvania and tee that up before announcing that publicly.
Leila Vespoli: Okay. So a lot of moving pieces and parts in Jersey. So with the settlement of the storm case, we roughly -- with respect to the $7.5 million that roughly makeover $1.5 million in revenue requirement. So while the settlement deals with the prudence, if you will, of those dollars, what it does not settle is whether the 2012 storm dollars are going to go back into the rate case. If you recall the BPU had indicated that 2011 storm cost would go back. And so, roughly according to our approach and how you would look at the storm cost roughly -- the revenue requirement roughly $23 million would go back into the base rate case. And we are now briefing as to whether the 2012 storm cost should go back in. But if you think about the commission's or the BPU's original order establishing the test year, they established the 2000 test year but also included any out of period measurable changes that were shown to be prudent, were major in nature in consequence and that were quantified though proof and had reliable data. I think the 2012 storm cost fit all those categories, so I think we have a very good argument to pull those strong cost back into the base rate case. Where we stand with respect to that, with five briefs have been filed. ALJ has 45 days to issue their decision, his decision and there is no extension, reply exceptions are generated around 30 days and the BPU may be another 30 or 60 days. With respect to the CTA, I would have love to have position paper by the staff. Unfortunately, that did not come out prior to the briefs in the rate case and staff took a position that was consistent with the BPUs order which said that until we have an ultimate decision in the CTA generic proceeding, we were going to continue with what their prior position had been. So that essentially was they were negative with respect to us and the CTA. So will I still would like to see an order coming out of the commission with respect to the generic proceeding in the CTA, it is definitely on a slower path than I would have anticipated.
Leila Vespoli: You are correct. It is not an inconsequential issue, it is roughly $56 million in revenue requirement and roughly would negate about a quarter of the rate base. So just looking at it from that perspective shows the gross and fairness of applying a CTA adjustment in this case. I would hope that BPU would look at that. The fact that JCP already has the lowest rate in the state of New Jersey, which again further exasperates the consequence of that. But right now, we need the staff to issue an order and I have not seen a timeline for that to happen. Ultimately, if the BPU should be issue an order and should be negative in terms of not providing further the CTA in appropriate manner, our option would be file another rate case. And by that time the decision on the next case, I believe we should have a resolution of the generic case. 
Leila Vespoli: It is pursuant to contract in a specific language within the contract so it is not a state by state kind of thing, Steve.
Leila Vespoli: It is as that contract language was developed for that particular customer or grouping of customer. So there is no way I can even give it to you by segment.
Leila Vespoli: I think it would be safe to say that we are going to be adding that language where we can in the future.
Leila Vespoli: I can tell you with respect to kind of global PJM and ancillary resources and again these are parsed out on load ratio share. Just kind of order of magnitude for ancillary services the billing throughout PJM for January 2014 equaled the charge for ancillary services for all of 2013.
Leila Vespoli: The answer is unknown. The BPU left open the possibility of another mechanism for recovery unspecified in nature. So obviously we would prefer something that gives us more immediate recovery even if it's not included within the current base rate case that's in front of the BPU right now, but as kind of an outside bookings to think about if they weren't included, if things didn't go on our way we would be filing another rate case basically on the heels of this decision and we would get those costs included in that case.
