Brian Tierney: Hey, Jon, real quick, before we go to Q&A, I’d like to share some late-breaking news from last night. Yesterday evening, PJM released the results of its open window process to address reliability concerns with data center load growth in the Dominion and APS service territories. Based on our preliminary review of these results, we are on track to gain a substantial portion of the projects. The recommendations still need to move through TAC and the PJM Board, but we anticipate that happening by year-end. While these projects won’t come to fruition until the latter half of the decade, we’re really excited about this opportunity. It builds on our successful bid for the onshore transmission construction that supports New Jersey’s offshore wind project, and it further highlights the significant transmission build-out we anticipate in our footprint to support the energy transition. We look forward to talking more about this opportunity at EEI once we’ve had a chance to fully understand the details. Now let’s move to your questions.
Brian Tierney: Yes. Thank you for the question, Shar. You’re really forward-looking. So we’re still in the midst of the ESP V discussions and the Grid Mod II. So we’re in the throes of that, engaging with staff and interveners and trying to come to successful conclusions there. But as you – all the things you mentioned are what we’re going to be doing in the base rate case next year, it’s going to be taking things out of the trackers and riders that we have, getting them put into base rates, updating fully our rate base, our prudently incurred costs, storm tree trimming, regular O&M, financing costs, all that getting that in base rates and then moving forward with some healthy trackers that we will have at that point. There is nothing that’s going to be controversial in that case. It’s a traditional rate case, nothing special about it, but all the things that you’d expect a regulated utility to be doing. We found over time that the Ohio Commission has been very supportive of wires investments and we’re poised to continue making those and look forward to investing in the state of Ohio. A couple of things that we’re going to be cognizant of in that case. One is where we’re earning right now relative to what we think a normal authorized return should be. We’re well below 9.5% to 10.5% return on equity, and we need to get that increased, and our rates today are about 14% below our in-state peers. So to be honest with you, Shar, it’s too early for us to know what the bill impact is going to be, but we’re always looking for ways to minimize the bill impact to customers.
Brian Tierney: We’re still working through that, Nick. We just got the news last night. We do believe it will be in the hundreds of millions of dollars range. Which side of $500 million. We’re still trying to figure out today. But really, it’s late-breaking news for us. We have our engineers working on it today. We hope to be able to provide more detail on that at EEI.
Brian Tierney: Yes. We will provide that guidance on the fourth quarter call. And look, there is going to be some late-breaking news. I’m trying to forecast what it is that we’re going to be – what the news is going to be, so nobody is surprised. And of course, we’re going to be updating you as that news comes in and becomes available. But I don’t want people to be surprised by the positions that we’re looking for, how we’re going to manage the company going forward, how we’re going to report going forward. And that’s really why we’re forecasting all that. And then we will update it as the news becomes reality. But we anticipate doing all that here over the next several months.
Brian Tierney: So, we are – as you know, they have stayed the schedule for now to the last settlement discussions to continue. And we are working all of those things that you just mentioned are still in play, and we are still working – engaging with staff, interveners, others to try and bring a successful conclusion to that case and without having to take it through adjudication.
Brian Tierney: Just – so Angie, I don’t think we are all debating that at all. I just disagree with that. The things that you look for and how we hit our growth rate are how we perform in the rate cases that are before us, and you are going to have signposts to that long before the end of ‘25. We have the Ohio ESP Grid Mod II. We have the New Jersey case, the West Virginia case. And if we are performing well on those, I think you will be able to see – you will be able to get an indication that we are being successful in prosecuting rate cases, engaging with staff and interveners and come to positive outcomes. So, no need to wait until the end of 2025.
Brian Tierney: Yes. We are going to provide an update on the fourth quarter earnings call. So, we will do specific guidance for ‘24 and we will also update the capital plan at that time.
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think we can be earning in that 9.5 to low-10s range in terms of ROEs. And so if you look at this, that’s a significant component of earnings growth is going back in having these rate cases, updating our rate base, getting ROEs higher, getting current costs reflected in rates and adjusting what you can see is lower than normal earned ROEs on that slide.
Brian Tierney: No, it’s the normal stuff that utilities do, Anthony. It’s just the normal work pale that you expect us to do. We invest for the benefit of our customers. We then operate. We then recover and finance. And that’s what we will be doing this part of the presentation is the recover, where we go back in to get our hard work reflected in current rates.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, we are getting ahead of this now, right. We have very active rate cases to get what you reflected on Slide 25, up to more normal levels. And as we do that, we will have some growth associated with that. And then going forward, we said rate base growth for ‘24, ‘25 was going to be about 7%, and we are looking to add to that as we go forward. So, a combination of continued investment growth in rate base, active rate cases for the foreseeable future and continuing to invest for the benefit of our customers, all of that will put us in that 6% to 8% long-term growth rate.
Brian Tierney: Thank you, Gregg. I appreciate that. In terms of the key hires, I am spending and our senior executive team here is spending a significant amount of our time recruiting. I feel some of this we need to do sequentially. I need to get a COO in place, President of FE Utilities in place, and I would like those people to help us recruit then the people who are going to be reporting to the President of FE Utilities. And they will be the five people running our major businesses. So, sort of – and by the way, we are not waiting to interview a candidate pool for those five people. We are proceeding ahead on that as well. So sequentially, trying to get the COO, President of FE Utilities, then next the people that run our four businesses and get those people seated as quickly as possible. But moving very much forward on that, it’s active. We are trying to get this done as quickly as possible. But at the same time, making sure that we are getting the right people in the place who will bring the right skills to bear for the things that we are trying to do. And we have a very strong candidate pool for all of those positions that we are recruiting for. So, I am confident we will get success. The timing of it is going to be here in the, I would say, in the near-term and hope to be able to make those announcements shortly. In terms of putting the past behind us, A lot of that heavy lifting had been done by the Board and the management team before I got here. There is active engagement with the OOCIC. We are providing our updates for the DPA with the Department of Justice. And then for the remaining litigation that’s out there, we are moving forward with that, trying to settle what we can, but put that pass behind us and strongly focused on the future. And I don’t anticipate any unexpected hiccups there.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, we are in the midst of ESP-5 right now. That case is in flight. We have seen intervener’s testimony. I think staff testimony comes out on Monday. But as you would expect us to do, we are actively engaged in settlement discussions in those cases, trying to positively engage people like the staff and the other interveners and hopeful that we will be able to come to a settlement similar to what the other companies have settled at. I don’t see any reason to think that we won’t be able to do that.
Brian Tierney: Same thing, slightly behind where we are in ESP-5. But as soon as we get through the ESP, we will get the Grid Mod and hope to be able to settle that as well. There is nothing, Steve, that’s controversial in these. It’s normal course of business, trying to update the rate base and costs that are reflected in those riders, and then hopefully leave those in place until we get to the May ‘24 rate case and then try to get those cleared out and get them reflected in base rates.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Brian. Let me just on the regulatory side. Obviously, we’re going to be approaching the Ohio case next May. I just – I guess I want to get a little bit of a sense on how you’re thinking about bill impact given this environment? Could this case still end up being sort of built neutral? And just remind us on what’s sort of the key driver of that case is on the invested capital side, rate base, deferred costs, O&M true-ups? And I guess any sort of experiences from the ESP proceeding that could dictate how you manage the GRC? Thanks. 
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then lastly for me, just on the O&M side and just pension, $0.31 of benefit is sort of very material year-over-year. I guess, how much should we assume with this benefit is tactical. So really short-term in nature versus how much of it is maybe more perpetual, so if we can put a multiple on it and assume that benefit carries into ‘25 and beyond. And then any sense on the pension performance year-to-date? Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. I appreciate it guys. That’s all I had and Brian good luck with the search for the COO and President. Appreciate it.
Jon Taylor: Hey, Shar, this is John. Thanks for the question. So yes, if you look at our O&M performance year-over-year, about a 15% reduction from what we incurred in 2022 which is about $200 million, a little bit more than that. I would tell you about 50% of that is associated with timing of work that we accelerated from ‘23 into ‘22 and some unique items. But the other 50% is sustainable savings associated with just productivity improvements, getting contractors off the property doing the work ourselves, we had some benefits associated with contract terminations associated with sponsorships and branding relationships that we had and just a real intense focus on just general business items that we spend. So I would say about half of it is kind of unique. I would say the other half of it is sustainable savings that we will build upon as we go into next year. With respect to the pension, the pension performance year-to-date is about flat. So that is something that we have our eye on. A lot of that is associated with the interest rate environment, but we’re taking that into account as we think about the long-term.
Jon Taylor: Yes. That’s still the case. I mean, Jeremy, if you think about where we are relative to our cash flow metrics and our projections, if you think about 14% to 15% FFO to debt. You think about $3.5 billion of proceeds coming in next year from the FET sale, that has significant impact on our financing plan in a meaningful way. And so we have a lot of financial flexibility in the plan. And so – no new equity requirements fully supports the CapEx plans that we have in place plus the ability to do some balance sheet improvement initiatives to take out additional holding company debt. So no issues there.
Jon Taylor: CapEx hasn’t been decreased. I mean if you look at what we’re going to spend this year, it’s $3.7 billion and then in ‘24 and ‘25 million, it’s going to be $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. So no change in the ‘24 and ‘25 capital plans from what we introduced back in February of this year. And in fact, we increased the capital plan in ‘23 by $300 million.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I think what we’re going to plan on doing is looking at our segment reporting for 2024 and going forward and making it a little simpler and more transparent for the Street. And quite frankly, for us, it will reflect how we’re going to manage the business going forward. So we’re probably going to move to segments that is distribution, one, transmission another and integrated another, and that will allow us to not have to split companies between the segments and it will require us to not have to do reconciliations for analysts that cover us, investors that are interested in it just makes the presentation of our results simpler and more in line with how we manage the business.
Jon Taylor: So, Nick, this is Jon. So, I guess the way I am thinking about this year, if you think about where we are with the pension, if you just look at the year-over-year weather impacts and you look at what the company has done to offset that in terms of rates and investments taking advantage of opportunities in the capital markets with low-cost convertible debt and how we deployed that proceeds. If you just look at the tight cost controls that we have put in place year-over-year, I think that overshadows the benefits associated with the income taxes. And so as you think about next year, and beyond, it’s right, you are right. We are going to get a benefit from going back to normal weather. We have the rate cases that we have in flight. We have the capital programs associated with our distribution companies that are on a formula rate as well as our transmission formula rate CapEx. And so if you think about where the returns are for the three rate cases that we filed this year, and if you look at where the returns are for the cases that we will file next year, I think you can do the math in terms of what’s going to carry the day for the earnings of the company.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I think we continue to have dialogue with the rating agencies. Those have been constructive conversations. They have our projections. It clearly shows that we are going to be in that 14% to 15% in ‘24 and ‘25. I will say that we have kind of taken a little bit of a step back this year in terms of our performance in the metrics. And a lot of that is because of the unseasonable weather, the fact that we made a voluntary pension contribution, we have – we had some one-off items associated with severance associated with the voluntary retirement program. So, if you kind of take those out of the mix, I mean, we are closer to that 11% range. But clearly, with the rate cases that we have in flight, which we risk adjusted in terms of what we are going to get, the fact that we are going to get now 100% of the FET proceeds in 2024, whereas before, it was going to be about 50% next year, 50% in 2025. So, we will have an opportunity to deploy all of that. It clearly shows that we will be in the 14% to 15% range next year.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Like I have said, I think the trailing 12 months and where we are this year, we have taken a little bit of a step back. Some of that was planned because we wanted to make the voluntary pension contribution. Some of it was associated with non-recurring items such as the severance that I have mentioned, that’s really going to have about a 1-year payback if you think about it. So, that will improve the metrics next year. And you can’t discount the impact of weather and it, what’s that done to cash flow, right, in terms of the lower weather-related sales. So, I understand your question, but we are very confident in the plan. We are very confident in the metrics that we provided to the rating agencies, and we will see where we get to.
Jon Taylor: So, at the beginning of the year, we did not anticipate the effective tax rate being at that 17%, 18%. We anticipated it being probably in that 19% to 19.5% range. So, some of the benefit that we achieved this year was not planned, but something that came up midyear and that the team executed on. I would tell you, long-term though, Angie, if you think about our blended effective tax rate, it’s probably going to be 17%, 18% this year. But longer term, it will be a more normal tax rate in that 20% to 21% range.
