Charles E. Jones: Well, I can't give you specifics on the percentages of total creditors. I can tell you this, 100% of the creditors that were in these ad hoc groups have signed on to both agreements. And so there was no opposition within the ad hoc groups and they’ve as I said in my remarks, committed to work with us to get all the other signatories on by June 15.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we will let them speak for themselves, Steve. But I would tell you this. We’ve reviewed the settlement with both of them, which led to my comments about my belief that it will be credit positive. The metrics themselves are going to evolve as we move through this process. I think that we expect to be well within the guidelines of both -- all of the major rating agencies.
Charles E. Jones: No, it's just a target date. There is no significancy, but clearly this agreement in principle is a major step forward, and hopefully we can get the rest of the creditors onto it also.
Charles E. Jones: No. What’s -- the entire arrangement will be done through this settlement process with the creditors and that will be it. We deconsolidated the books on the filing of FES, and we don't intend to provide anymore support to that part of the business, other than we've agreed to provide some shared services support through the restructuring process, some governmental affairs support through the restructuring process. Those all will be reimbursed by FES.
Charles E. Jones: Yes, I'm very encouraged. And I think we set some targets that I'm confident we are going to meet and I’m also confident we’re going to exceed those targets. You'll see the impact on it as we deliver on the growth rates that we projected.
Charles E. Jones: Yes, Stephen, that’s correct. We could receive those funds prior to that. And the note also allows us to pay that off early without any penalty if we so decided.
Charles E. Jones: I would say that that’s potentially something we could share in, but I just wanted to be really clear. We're highly motivated to get support for those generating assets because it would be a mistake for our country for them to close. The communities and employees are -- have the biggest concern there. As of a couple weeks ago, we have no remaining commercial interest in these generating facilities other than potentially what you just referred to in the settlement with creditors. I’m going to keep fighting for support for those plants, because it's the right thing to do. If it gets to the point where it exceeds the threshold that we’ve got in this agreement with creditors, then, yes, we would share some of that, but that's not why we’re doing it.
Charles E. Jones: So, Angie, when we gave you that 6% to 8% in February, we're already in the middle of discussions with creditors and built into that our assumptions about what the cost to reach an agreement might be. So it's already included in the 6% to 8% and there's no need to adjust for it at this time.
Charles E. Jones: More investments such as the distribution platform, modernization in Ohio or the infrastructure investment in New Jersey. More investment would be what would drive us towards the top end.
Charles E. Jones: So we’re a product of three of those types of events. And I am proud to say that when you benchmark our O&M costs across all of our utilities, they benchmark very well against our competition. I would think that the synergies of those transactions have helped us achieve that. The end result of that is that we have pretty much lower, the lowest rates in the states that we serve. So we’ve given the benefit of those transactions to our customers. I’m a little tentative when you think about M&A type of things today because of the premium cost and the high cost to achieve from a regulatory perspective makes it difficult to deliver dividends to customers in the short-term. I think we’ve positioned ourselves now with 6 million customers across five states. That 6% to 8% growth on top of -- an appropriate dividend policy is going to be a good story for our investors for a long time to come.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. Well, thank you for your questions and your time and thank you as always for your support. I think this was an important call for us as we move forward, and we'll talk to you in next quarter.
James F. Pearson: Hey Julien, this is Jim. Let me jump in here. When we get out into our planning period post emergence, we see our credit metrics being solidly in the 12% to 13% range, which is well above S&P and the Moody's threshold. So we feel very good about that. On the second point, yes, you're right, we have the $225 million plus the $628 million tax note that we talked about, but that was well within the parameters of our planning period. As you see, the tax note $628 million, that's not due until December 31, 2022, which is essentially financing, which will be at the risk free treasury rate that’s prevailing at the time of emergence, so that will have what I would say a minimal impact on our FFO. So, all in all, it is well within the guidelines of what our plan was and we feel still very confident that we're going to be within that range.
James F. Pearson: If we would get what’s in Ohio and New Jersey, I would suggest that that would probably put us in the upper end.
James F. Pearson: Jonathan, we’re deferring everything at this point. So we’re also deferring that in Ohio, and as Steve and Chuck have mentioned earlier, we're not going to make any adjustments to those deferrals until we have what I would say final authorization from all the Commissions.
James F. Pearson: You know, Greg, I think we’ve always been pretty consistent that the pension and other post employment benefits would be in about [ph] the $800 million range and that that's made up of the pension executive deferred comp, banked vacation as well as a little bit of our long-term incentive program. I think probably -- we also incorporated some guarantees in there, which was about a $140 million, so that gets you right to your $1 billion range.
James F. Pearson: No, there isn't, Praful. I know that the parent level when we issued the equity, we took out some of the term notes, but that should've been the extent of it. Our short-term debt probably went up in the range of above $1 billion, may be a little more than that, that’s associated with the $500 million pension contribution we made. Also the revolving credit facility was drawn down by $500 million because FES drew that down and then we had about $300 and some million of storm cost. But I would say that’s what the primary changes are in any type of our consolidated parent debt is.
James F. Pearson: Well, Stephen, I think the way to think about it we started the process of what we call FE Tomorrow about a year-ago. We have been already over the last year implementing changes to the parent in anticipation of this restructuring process. We are going to -- we are not going to disclose dollar for dollar what we're doing here and there. I don't think that that's in our best interest to try to do that. I can just tell this, we're committed to resizing our corporate center to match the operations that we're going to have in a manner that that makes sense that we can give full recovery of those cost as we move forward as a regulated business.
James F. Pearson: What that means from that tax note is if they were to, say, sell the plant or deactivate that and FE pays them through the intercompany tax sharing agreement and in turn our work with stock deduction is reduced, that's really what that's intended to mitigate.
James F. Pearson: I would be lying to you if I said I was an expert in that field, which I’m not. I know we had a question on that before the unprotected piece is relatively insignificant at this point, so we haven't focused much attention on that at this point.
James F. Pearson: Yes, I would say from our standpoint, Michael, what we always do is we look at what our projected capital investments are going to be as well as what load growth or degradation will be and then we'll sit back and make a decision whether we should go in for a filing. You’re right, we’ve got a couple of utilities that have a slightly higher ROEs that doesn’t allow us to have the DISC recovery at this point in time. But there is some additional expenditures that are starting to flow through there, that’s going to bring them back down within the -- I think below the 9.5% range or whatever to that. But I would say we universally look at all of our distribution companies, what our plan spend is, what our expected revenues and returns are, and then we make a decision on whether we should go in for a rate proceeding and I think you can see that magnified in what we’re going to do in Maryland. We're planning on making a filing at the latter part of this year and there's -- that's the way we approach it. But just …
James F. Pearson: … that’s slightly below -- we don’t make a decision to go in immediately and get into what I'd say rate fatigue. We strategically look at what is the optimal timing on when to make those filings.
Michael Lapides: Okay. I appreciate that. One other thing, just looking -- and this is on the distribution business and this is more of a housekeeping item. It look like O&M was up a good bit year-over-year. I don't know if I’m misreading that or is that all stuff that just gets passed through in revenues one for one as well? Just wanted to see and maybe check that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. I may have misread that, I will follow-up with you guys offline. Once again, congratulations guys.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then a more -- may be more strategic kind of question. We had three or four years in this industry among regulated companies including an announcement made today of M&A occurring where companies are able to cut costs via M&A. Those costs eventually flow back to customers via the rate case process somewhere down the road, makes companies more efficient. Just curious once you get FES result and it looks like it's happening sooner rather than later. How you think about the landscape for M&A and what FirstEnergy's role in that landscape, if any.
