Mark Clark: I think we are just trying to be a little conservative. It is not we are just subtracting out the first quarter from the total forecast. We are seeing some very positive signs on the industrial side as Tony eluded to. Auto global production is up 50%. 65% in the U.S. We are seeing that at General Motors adding a third shift in Lordstown. Defiance is adding [inaudible]. Toledo Power Train is adding. Steel is starting to add a second shift. So we are seeing it across the board.  However, we are just trying to be conservative as we work through the year. One really strong month of March does not make the next 8 or 9. So we are just being a little bit more conservative. 
Mark Clark: Signal peak has slowed down a little bit. It had some start up issues. They were very successful in the development of the mine but their startup is a little behind. They are running around 500,000 tons a month. Their full rate we hope will be somewhere around 1 million. They are a little behind where we thought they would be but not terribly disappointed at where they are. 
Mark Clark: Yes, we just met with the CEO of Signal Peak on Saturday or Friday. I don’t remember which anymore. He felt fairly confident they would get back up to where they had forecast by the end of the year. 
Mark Clark: One, they had a well problem on the second well. Second, they had some issues with the operators themselves. This is new for them. This is a big system and despite their training it has taken them a little time to ramp up to where they want to be. 
Mark Clark: I think it was embedded originally because at the tail end of the year we had some variable go into fixed. We also had some higher cash position from tax we are going to pay down some short-term debt. So we are going to stay within our guidelines and stay within our policy as we move through the year. 
Mark Clark: I think it is relatively around $40 million or $50 million. It is consistent with what we do every year. We have credits. We sell credits. We use them ourselves. 
Mark Clark: I don’t think so. That would be a pretty big jump up. That 25% of what the original 80 would have been somewhere around 20. So no. I think we are being conservative if anything. 
Mark Clark: I think we will wait. We also alluded in the context I am sure the board will take it up when we get back to a more normal economy. 
Mark Clark: First, we are taking off at the high end of our cost curve and production curve so that would be the lowest margin generation we would be producing. Second, we have severely restricted hiring. We had assumed some incremental staffing as we worked throughout 2010. Those have all been put on hold. We continue to look for opportunities not to use contractors, restricting travel, watching every expense. We had lists of other O&M kinds of items from last year. We are just working our way down that list. I think we have proven we can continue to cut costs as we have additionally done in the first quarter and that we would expect to do that as we move through the year. I am not suggesting in any way it is easy but we believe it is achievable. 
Mark Clark: I don’t know what normal expenses would be any more because we are in such an abnormal economy. As we continue to move through the year we will continue to look for opportunities to reduce expenses. As we find them we will take advantage of them. I don’t know what normal is anymore. 
Mark Clark: I think you are correct that at some point we cannot continue to reduce the level of expenses without having some negative offset in the other part. We had roughly $1.2 billion of direct O&M expenses at our business units for the balance of the year. So that is a pretty good place to start. Any kind of reasonable percentage of that comes up with a big number. You are correct at some point you get diminishing returns. We just don’t think we have hit that point yet. 
Mark Clark: I don’t have that slide in front of me but we do expect it to continue to decline as we go through the year. It might be slightly higher than the $0.06 you are alluding to. 
Mark Clark: We made pension contributions, increased the earnings of the funds, lowered the discount rate. Factor all that in and it is positive. 
Bill Bird: Overall retail is pretty much in line with original expectations. The total sales you mentioned of 97 I believe will go down reflecting lower wholesale sales as we go through the year. But the retail portion of our sales is pretty much in line with expectations. 
Bill Bird: Not appreciably different. There is always differences from forecast and if anything I think maybe our non-Ohio sales are running a little bit above our original expectations offsetting the lower consumption that we are seeing in Ohio due to weather and the economy. 
Bill Bird: I think the confusion might just come from the year-over-year comparison period. Remember the first quarter of 2009 was a somewhat unique situation. We didn’t have the ESP totally approved. There was no retail shopping in Ohio and the utilities were procuring their power through an RFP process that was in effect for the first 3 months of 2009. I think the anomaly comes from the comparison year and the base period last year. 
Bill Bird: Our nuclear fuel expense was actually higher as was our nuclear generation output during the first quarter. The Davis-Besse outage for the first quarter was just a scheduled refueling outage. The unexpected outage didn’t occur until April after the quarter. So nuclear generation was actually higher resulting in the higher fuel expense as well as the nuclear rate is higher reflecting the legacy fuel contracts being taken out of or being rolled over to market.  On the purchase power expense the increase was really attributable to what I call balancing energy purchases in the PJM market. As dilution assumed 100% of the Met-Ed, Penelec polar requirement for this year they had a higher balancing in energy for that higher load obligation as well as their retail activity in the PJM market resulted in higher balancing purchases for the retail load. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to explore a little bit your breakdown of the commodity margin change on page 3 of your release. I noticed the increase in volume of your competitive retail sales contributed $1.23 to earnings versus $0.79 corrosion in earnings as a result of the loss in volume in polar sales. The implication seems to be as you have mentioned you are generating a significantly higher margin on the competitive retail sales. I wonder if you could expand on that a little bit because I tend to think of your competitive resale sales as being offered at a discount to the auction price but here you are generating a higher margin apparently. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: I also noticed you have an increase in your fuel costs and your purchase power costs and you attribute this to higher nuclear and coal delivery costs yet it appears your nuclear generation must have been down a bit due to the Davis-Besse and Sammis down a bit due to the high end of the air quality controls. That was reflected at the higher purchase power cost. I am a little confused about the increase of purchase power cost and also an increase in the fuel cost. 
Hugh Wynne – Sanford Bernstein: But you need another 61 million megawatt hours of sales right to make your target? I am estimating based on your disclosures in the first quarter you had something like 48 million megawatt hours of sales in the last three quarters of last year. It is that difference that strikes me as a very large 25% difference. 
[Jim Pearson]: You also have to remember that it is not even. You have summer loads coming in which are fairly significantly different and higher than the other periods. The weighting is going to be on June, July and August and into September. 
[Jim Pearson]: You have to remember last year mostly as you went through the year industrial sales were not improving. So we are anticipating when we see improvements in industrial sales now every month. Not as strong as we would like but continuing to improve. You will see improvement year-over-year if that trend continues as well as we are certainly hopeful that the summer is a true summer this year as compared to what we experienced last year. 
[Jim Pearson]: I think your question is it was negative $0.06 back when we did it at December 3. It will gradually decline year-over-year comparison but it is going to be closer to a $0.10 positive as we get throughout the year this year based on I think the biggest driving factor was the time modifications we have made. 
Anthony Alexander: Part of the challenge too is getting back to normal weather that we didn’t see in the second half of last year. 
Anthony Alexander: I am perfectly comfortable with the merger and where it is at. I think it has great opportunity for this company. It repositions us and puts us in a much better position going forward. The fact that we continue to be in a very sluggish recession type economy for a decision that is going to place FirstEnergy in a totally different opportunity position going forward I just don’t think that is a fair or even any sort of valid analysis in terms of what we are looking at. This is a long-term play. This isn’t for next week. 
Anthony Alexander: The root cause analysis is underway. I believe there will be some review with the NRC before restart of the modifications we have made. 
Anthony Alexander: Again right now we believe the modifications meet all of the industry and are based on industry standard practices. We expect to be able to show to the NRC we are prepared to operate to plan. Right now I feel assuming we can get the work done the July date is when we expect a restart. 
Anthony Alexander: Thank you everyone for joining us today on this call. As always we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Have a nice afternoon. 
