Anthony J. Alexander: I think it wouldn't change our strategy at all. I mean, we've got aggregated communities that voted to aggregate. As I said earlier, Dan, we've moved additional load into Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois. So there are a lot of markets outside of Central Ohio, but we're really pleased with where the retail group is and what they've been able to do, particularly shifting megawatt hours within channels and into different markets. So I don't think it would change what we're doing one iota.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, I think that's a great question. We are shifting our focus. We had some opportunities to build up our coal inventory in the first quarter. Those opportunities are no longer are there and we will be reversing that and actually burning down our inventory over the last 9 months of the year. And on a cash basis, we expect to end about where we thought at the beginning of the year. So cash to cash, it's about even. We just took advantage of some opportunities and we're pleased where we are. But a little long from where we would normally be, but nothing out of the norm.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it's more traditional sources. Transmission right now is a strong contributor to earnings. It helps support the dividend. It generates a nice return. I think Jim is looking at the more traditional sources of funding. I don't know if you want to speak to that. But no, I -- we're not looking at selling any transmission asset or anything like that. We're just trying to fine tune what the MACT spend is going to be. We're trying to fine tune what demand sell lease purchase price is going to be, and in the context of all of that, we'll be tweaking our overall funding strategy.
Anthony J. Alexander: That's a good question. I just spoke to the head of our Utilities group yesterday about that question. It's pretty even. There's a little bump up in '14, a little bump to '15, but it's not outrageous or anything like that. It's fairly smooth over the period of time, but we're just really, to be honest with you, in the initial phases of it, they're doing a lot of work, we have asked them to look at different things. This is probably similar to MATS. We get into it, we start looking at different options, scenarios, trying to figure out different ways to reduce our cost. So it's, I would say for planning purposes, it's smooth, but it is very, very preliminary.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think the utilities are going to do the projects, or they could assign them to ATSI or TrAIL or one of those, I don't, I mean that thought's never even crossed my mind. So...
Anthony J. Alexander: I think one of the biggest benefits as we're still seeing the synergy savings I alluded to. Having all of our systems integrated now means that all of our operating groups are on the same working platform. It also means that we can start reducing the size of the IT staff, because they're all integrated. So I think those of you that know Tony know that he's never satisfied with us unless we're taking a hard look at all of our expenses.
Anthony J. Alexander: Now Jonathan, we can give you a little bit of detail on that, and I think both of these projects have been identified as part of the PJM process. So I'll give you a high level, Bill can fill in the details. But probably 3 major components. One there'll be some substation enhancements that'll be added to the system. So we'll be expanding several substations and perhaps even adding a couple in the process. We plan on taking some of the existing generation resources that are being retired and adding or making them synchronized condensers, and third would be long lines. We have some open towers that we will be stringing additional wire on into the region and more longer-term, probably an additional line into the Cleveland area. So those are basically the components. So it's really structural in terms of substations, fold-in support through synchronous condensers, and some additional lines going into the region.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think -- hopefully, I said the opposite. Weather was a significant driver. Residential obviously is weather driven. Commercial, generally the smaller commercial, is weather driven. Industrials were flat. Ohio industrials are up 3%, and we're seeing a lot of good shifting of margin within and around the channels of the retail group. So in the FES's case, they've actually offset some of the weather impact. So I would say it's the opposite.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think the underlying trend for the quarter was weather. And then industrials are flat across the system, but up in Ohio. Our head of our Utilities group mentioned to me this morning they're adding a third shift up at the Ford facility in Cleveland. That's the first time they've had a third shift in I can't recall when. Lordstown just got off 3 shifts working 24 hours a day. You've seen a lot of investment activity. I guess I'd have to say I'm optimistically positive.
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't think so. I think we'd look at whether we'd do an economic purchase or run our own units, particularly the subcritical units. Clearly, we're better when the nukes are running, they dispatch lowest possible cost of our fleet. No, I wouldn't say that would be the case. I think we've done more economic purchases with some of the lower power prices. Nukes are running flat out, and the critical units are running itself. No.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we're not going to spend money on overtime. We're not going to spend a lot of money given the low power prices. We're not going to accelerate units coming back online justified, unless the price justifies itself. If the price stays down, we'll run the units commensurate with where the market is.
Anthony J. Alexander: Greg, I think that to Bill's point, if you assumed that coal was up maybe $100 million in cash for the quarter and we buy around $2.5 billion, you can get a sense that we're not talking about big changes to get back in line.
Anthony J. Alexander: I'll let Bill comment too, but I mean you have the economic purchases and you have the revenue on the other side. So I don't know if that's what you mean.
William D. Byrd: I agree with everything Mark said. It's 5 to 1 [ph], so I mention that the, inevitably, over time, our retail revenue will reflect market conditions if they don't change, but that movement to market will take years given our retail strategy. It's not something that would occur very quickly.
William D. Byrd: It's not really that big of a difference. The basis has shrunk with the decrease in overall market levels, but we aren't seeing anything that wouldn't be explained with consistent movement with the overall market.
William D. Byrd: Jonathan, if you would contact our investor relations folks after the meeting, they can provide you with a link to the PJM website. PJM posted a document last Thursday that delineates each and every transmission project. There's 4 to 5 dozen projects and additionally, they can provide you with a link to a -- the meeting material from the PJM transmission expansion advisory committee meeting on Friday, which gives you more detail and information on these projects that you can ever hope to digest.
William D. Byrd: Hugh, this is Bill Byrd. That's largely reduced congestion expense on the grid, relative to historical periods.
William D. Byrd: I'm not sure I'd say it's likely to reverse, but it certainly reflects current market conditions and will reflect future market conditions.
William D. Byrd: Sometimes I think it is as simple as challenging the assumptions and the concepts our engineers come up with.
William D. Byrd: And I think it's -- we're aren't talking about any radical change in anything. I think it's a change at the margin, if you will, during the past quarter and past winter. Maybe if we could back pyre instead of generated and save $0.10, we would make that decision on a daily basis. Going forward, we'll put more emphasis on the wear and tear that, that creates on the unit, and that same decision going forward, we would say let's generate the power and not buy it. So I think it's just a slight change in emphasis and how to balance the cost and economics, if you will, on the margin.
William D. Byrd: Yes. This is Bill Byrd. One thing I forgot to mention in responding to Hugh, another aspect of that decreased congestion is first quarter of '11, a lot of our plants were still in MISO. Now they're all inside the fence of PJM and that helps not having to cross the interface, helps tremendously with our congestion expense and that will be a sustainable benefit, regardless of market levels.
William D. Byrd: Primarily those financial purchases were basis swaps per hit, basis hedges which were fixed for floating swaps. So when our underlying basis expense was lower, the hedge came out negative.
Leila L. Vespoli: Hello, this is Leila. With respect to the demand response, we would have needed a commission order before the capacity option. Given the current schedule that is not going to happen. So I would not anticipate any demand response being embedded into the capacity option. And let me explain the rationale for that. Our current ESP only goes -- it ends the day before the period of the next auction would start. So in terms of what the Utilities would have to bid, they don't have any customers, they don't have a tariff that would be in place for that period of time, so it would be impossible for them to bid any demand response into the auction. So by missing the deadline, at least that portion of what we had contemplated going forward within on the ESP would drop off. But as Tony mentioned, there are still other benefits associated with the ESP that would hopefully require a timely order by the commission.
Leila L. Vespoli: Paul, this is Leila. I haven't had an opportunity yet to read the order, but my sense about it is that it's a good signal in that they indicated to AEP that the proposed pricing might be high. There are a lot of good signals in that case, so obviously we'll be looking to that going forward because I think you're right in that it could be setting a tone for what happens here in Ohio. But I think what came out of Michigan yesterday was a positive side, a very positive side.
Leila L. Vespoli: The demand response if you kind of look at what we have in our current ESP under the tariff, roughly 200 megawatts. So that will be the asset that has not bid in. The energy efficiency component is actually a separate kind of thing. That piece of it will likely be bid to the auction, the upcoming auction.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Hello, guys. I was just -- on the transmission investment again, sorry to come back to this. Could you give me a little bit more detail about what kinds of things, these -- are they lines or is it upgrading of substations and the like? And are these upgrades embedded in the parameters that PJM modeled, so when they did the remodel of the auctions. So I know you've been in talks with them about how to address reliability. So just curious how that works into the planning process.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Yes, I'm taking that to mean that then most of these are in a kind of they're out there and known about.
Jonathan P. Arnold: Within distribution mark, when you kind of made the comment about of just deliveries, so not so much about your margins but just more what you're seeing in underlying trends.
