Chuck Jones: Well. Dan, let me say it this way. I think, I said in my remarks that we are going to be focused primarily on the generation business. We are going to look at everything. The reason that the scope is excited about $2.5 billion dollars is because there are certain buckets of expenditures that would be counterproductive to our regulated growth strategy to go and try to address those. For example, our transmission expansion plan. So we're focusing primarily on generation. We are very cognizant of the fact that we don't want to do anything to take the growth strategy in our regulated companies off-track.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that initially, this is going to be a step down in our cost structure. And like any business over time, there are incremental adjustments that are made, as we offer our employee wage increases as there are inflationary things that go on in the economy. But one thing to keep in mind is we have not included staffing in this phase of what we're doing. We will have annually about a thousand employee attritions each year. And going forward, we expect to make adjustments in the structure of our organization such that those attritions should pretty much offset any inflationary pressures that are on where we are at when this project’s done.
Chuck Jones: Here's what I've said on that topic. All along I believe that it's incumbent on us to find a way to fundamentally operate our company in a way to where we don't have to use equity to strengthen our balance sheet. I think these cost cutting initiatives will get us to a place where we can be successful in not having to do. Then going forward, I think where equity should be used is words intended to be used in our business and that is to generate growth in our business. So we may look at equity down the road to use for growth either an additional transmission investment or potentially even investment inside the distribution companies. But I believe we can get ourselves to a position where the cost cutting puts us at the bottom end of the range that we need to be. And from a credit metrics perspective and then these costs over time, we will continue to improve the balance sheet.
Chuck Jones: I don't think we can even talk about that right now. We just kicked this team off a few weeks back. We were in the early stages of it. I think when we get to this point at the end of the second quarter, I think I will be in a good position to tell you more concretely what we've identified and what the ongoing impact on our company is going to be.
Chuck Jones: They are targets at this point. Once we know what they are, then we will embed them in our going forward forecast that we give you.
Chuck Jones: Well, Steve, I think we need to see where we end up with this initiative first and foremost and where that leaves us in terms of free cash flow once that’s done. But I would say my goal is to use equity for new growth on top of the growth that we've already communicated to you.
Chuck Jones: So here is what I would say on that, we have been approved for a forward-looking formula rate at 12.38%. We are doing what we believe is prudent to go forward, but I think we’re approaching those negotiations in the settlement process from that perspective. And for me to give you anything else, I think we’re negotiating against ourselves at this point and I'm not prepared to do that. So we'll see where this process unfolds, but I think FERC approved us at 12.38% and we’re going to negotiate from there.
Chuck Jones: But one of the things we want to do here is we haven’t really been able to sit down and talk with the BPU commissioners for almost three years now. And the President and I have talked and we are going to get together and talk about the future of JCP&L together before we get to a point where then we can’t talk again. So that’s the game plan.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think, we need to see first where FERC and PJM land in terms of a capacity performance product being in the auction. Then we need to sit down and take a look at how are we going to approach that auction from a bidding strategy. Then we need to see what units clear and at what price they clear and then from there we’ll decide what the appropriate investment in our unit is to make sure that they’re available when they need to be. So there are a lot of unanswered questions and there’s a lot of competitive implications around how we’re going to approach to that I prefer not to get into the details. So but we understand that there is the potential that we may want to do some additional investment in our fleet, but that all depends on where these rules shake out and where the market ultimately clears that.
Chuck Jones: Well, as I said, we haven’t had a chance to really have meaningful dialogue with the BPU for three years. We’re going to go over there and have meaningful dialogue. Once we have that, I’ll be able to answer that question a little better. It's an option that we would obviously be willing to consider it, if they willing to consider it.
Chuck Jones: Well, I wouldn’t say, we’ve been flirting with it. We had a major hurdle we had to get through, which is the base rate cases for all of those companies, which we are now through. And now what I've done is I've asked our energy delivery team to look at what investments make sense for customers inside those operating companies. And I’ve pretty consistently said, I’m going to go invest money where it make sense for customers. So until we see exactly company by company what the needs are to drive reliability improvement and improve customer service, I can’t answer that. I think, I've said that we could spend up to about $440 million in Pennsylvania and stay under the 5% cap. I don't see it’s going anywhere near that number in the first disk filing that we would make, if we make one. But we’re putting that business case together right now.
Chuck Jones: That business is cash flow positive for the next four years without any of these cash flow improvements. So anything that we accomplish is going to make it more cash flow positive and its going to make FirstEnergy more -- improve FirstEnergy's overall cash flow and that what we’re trying to accomplish. So we’re already cash flow positive for that business for the next four years.
Chuck Jones: Well, first of all, I would say this we are not afraid of any audit of JCP&L’s operations I'm confident that that when they do this review, they are going to see a JCP&L that is much different than the JCP&L they saw the last time that they did a review. The reason for it is as a result of the 2011 and 2012 storms. There were reliability issues that kind of crept in to the rate case and there was no adequate mechanism within the rate case to deal with the reliability issues. So coming out of the rate case, this is a way that kind of put those reliability issues behind us and position us as I said where we can now work with the BPU to move forward together.
Chuck Jones: And as a result of those filing, what you are essentially seeing is the investments that we made in 2014 were made in a kind of the old formula rate. So for the first quarter of this year, you are seeing kind of a compound impact of everything that we invested in ‘14 because the rate went into effect as well as the first quarter investments that we’ve made. So in those overall results, the difference between a 12.38% return in any other subsequent return that we might end up at is minimal and that's why we say we reserved a small amount but we are moving forward with a 12.38% return until somebody tells that it’s a different return. And I believe there is a very strong case to be made that if there is a different return, it should be different going forward from the point where there’s a settlement not reverse, so.
Chuck Jones: Well, what I ruled out is anything that would have a negative impact on our regulated growth strategy. So we just had rate cases in a number of our operations. It would be counterproductive there, if we’re looking at going forward to make additional an investments inside those utilities. So what I ruled out is anything -- used transmission as an example, but what I ruled out is anything that impacts our regulated growth strategy.
Chuck Jones: Well, the biggest difference between January 14 and this year was we had a generator step-up transformer failure at Beaver Valley 1. And that is a -- it was not a weather related event even though the temperature outside might have been 17 below zero. The temperature inside that transformer is around 75 degree to 90 degree C, so it was a random failure that just happened to occur at the worst time that it could possibly occur. So that was the biggest impact on 2014. Beyond that, we took some steps to harden if you will some of the equipment that is outdoors, and subject to weather our power plants that could lead to a disruption in unit performance. But there wasn't a whole lot of significant work and expenditures necessary to do that. And I'll just tell you that the teamwork between our Commodity Group and our generation fleet was exceptional this winter and that also led to the type of results that we were able to accomplish.
Chuck Jones: Okay. Well, I think that was the last question. So we want to thank you all for your support. Obviously, I think we had a pretty good quarter, it was influenced by the weather and I’m not going to take credit for the weather, because we've got July and August come in. And if it goes the other way, I’m not going to take blame for the weather either. But it was a good start to the year. If you dig down below that, our operational performance was right on schedule with what we're trying to accomplish. And I know one quarter doesn't make a trend, but you have to start with one before you can get to 10 or 12. So that's our game plan and we thank you all for your support.
Leila Vespoli: Okay. So if they choose to take the case, then I would expect folks to continue to drive capacity performance. They've already rejected its premature PJM’s attempt to modify the DR process. So it would continue as a supply product as it has in the past and wait for some final determination from the Supreme Court, substantive determination with regard to demand response. If they decide to not take the case, I can speak to what in theory should happen. In theory what should happen, demand response should come out of the capacity auction as a supply product. From our standpoint, we believe there is a place for a demand response. We believe that that is on the side of state implementation plans and we think going forward that would be a useful product and can still be maintained. With regard to how PJM views it, we know they view that as a very valuable product. So I would imagine at a practical level, PJM will be seeking to somehow reinclude demand response within the capacity auction.
Leila Vespoli: So we still have our case out there that had challenged the prior base residual auction. Work has been -- has put them on the backburner, has not addressed that. I would anticipate they are going to need to do something with regard to that too. So with regard to that auction anyway, there is some question as to what would happen and whether it would be appropriate in our view to take demand response out, take out the price suppression effects associated with demand response and not rerun the auction but just remove the effects of demand response.
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Steve. This is Leila. We will be addressing the factors that the Commission laid out in the APKs, while we think our underlying case actually did cover all of those. Since the Commission gave us an opportunity to supplement our testimony, we are availing ourselves of that. So just if you think about them, they were financials, need, supply diversity, comply with environmental regulations, jobs, economic development, and then kind of going down the lift. So we will be supplementing our testimony in all those regards.
Leila Vespoli: Hi, Neel. Actually from the rate order, we are required to file the rate case by April 2017, but as we always do we continue to look at that and I might expect to filing even sooner than that timeframe.
Leila Vespoli: No. I don’t think they misunderstood what I said. What FERC has done, PJM came to FERC and asked to consider DR on the demand side of the equation and FERC told them they were pretty mature in that. So the Supreme Court takes up the case. The chance exist that demand response might still be under FERC jurisdiction. And I think that what FERC was looking at. So right now the way it would I think play out is demand response would be in the BRA auction when it’s held presumably in the middle of August. And would be a supply side item as it has been in the past.
Leila Vespoli: Right. So flashing back to last year when we held the BRA and we filed the complaint with FERC, what we suggested was if demand response is not under FERC jurisdiction than what the remedy should be is just to remove demand or response from the supply side and then you can still stack up from how the auction was. What would’ve happened if demand was not been taken but other generators would’ve been taken. So you take out price suppression effect but you don’t have to -- nobody has to rebid everything back into the auction.
Leila Vespoli: This is Leila. We really can’t comment on what’s being discussed in the settlement. But I think, given the position of ROE in the grand scheme of things, you can derive your own conclusions with regard to that.
Jim Pearson: Neel, what we’re looking at is, it would be a margin benefit, because we would be looking at buying power cheaper than what we would produce it at.
Jim Pearson: Yeah. We have that broken out in the fact book, Neel. I don’t have the exact number right of the top of my head. But, yeah, we would have it out there. But in 2016, we’re going to look at running in and dispatching the plans no differently than we are right now, if it’s cheaper to buy from the market that’s what we will do.
Jim Pearson: We wait to see where we come out on these initiatives as Chuck talked about, Michael. We have some significant opportunity in the cash flow improvement project that Chuck talked and then a couple of the other big items that we are still looking at the capacity performance and the PPA. We don't have any plans right now to term any of that debt out. We will continue to look at it. The first quarter’s a little bit unusual from cash flow output. We generally prepay our Pennsylvania gross receipts tax. That's about a $177 million. We had a pension contribution that we made in the first quarter. Ohio property taxes are due in the first and third quarter and generally, our benefit plans perhaps are in the first quarter. So it’s a bit of an abnormal. I would expect that over the rest of the year we would not see that balance to grow. In fact, we may reduce that somewhat. But we will continue to look at whether it makes sense to terminate it out. I would prefer as time goes on, to push that further down into the business units, have the debt closer to the asset. But I think we’ve got to wait to see where we come out on some of these initiatives before we make that final decision.
