James F. Pearson: Well, Dan, as Tony alluded to, we're in the midst of a growth program also. We're investing in our transmission facilities. In conjunction with the Harrison asset transfer, we're going to have an equity infusion down into the Mon Power level. We're also growing our competitive business. And as we said, we believe the finance plan we have laid out with the asset transfer, as well as the asset sales will more than cover the $1.5 billion. But with our focus on growth, we thought it would be prudent to add a bit of equity to the mix.
James F. Pearson: At this point, Dan, I would consider a rebalancing, but as we go out into the future and continue to look at our growth opportunities, we'll always consider equity in the mix.
James F. Pearson: That's correct, Julien. Probably the first time that we would make a contribution would be 2016 for the 2015 plan year, and that's just based on current rates. So we don't have any expectation on making a contribution over the next several years.
James F. Pearson: Stephen, this is Jim. We're looking at load growth of about 0.5% to 0.6% next year. What we see the residential and commercial areas just growing ever so slightly, and the industrial sector has been sluggish over the last 3 years. It's remained fairly stagnant. Now we're seeing some positive signs such as Ford. They're opening up a new engine plant, and we expect ultimately that we'll start seeing industrial and commercial activity coming from the Marcellus and the Utica Shale that we have in our area. But I don't see that as active in 2013 as maybe it will be when we get out in '14 and beyond.
James F. Pearson: Okay. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Tony, Leila and I will be in New York next week for a conference, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. As always, we appreciate your support and your interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, sure, Dan. So our target hasn't changed. I think at the EEI we said 104 terawatt hours. I would tell that you I have a boss who continually challenges me to exceed that, so we'll see how the year progresses. The 94% is against that original target though.
Donald R. Schneider: No. It's still pretty much in line with -- we've really done well on our mass market sales. We've just recently launched our customer choice campaign, and we would see that bringing in additional mass market customers along with continuing to push on gov ag.
Donald R. Schneider: Paul, this is Donny. We'll bid the Harrison plant into the auction in May from FES' side of the equation.
Donald R. Schneider: Well, clearly, that Pennsylvania has an objective. They would love to see 100% of the customers shop. And I think that those auctions are designed to do that. We've participated in those processes, and we're very comfortable competing both in the POLR auctions as well as the retail front.
Anthony J. Alexander: I'll just give you my perspective on it. I think the transactions would otherwise have laid out for the asset sales in Harrison where we're more than adequate to carry out the game plan that we've laid out for debt reduction. The $300 million we talk in terms of equity is going to help support some of the growth initiatives that we have going on throughout the company, including the transmission expansion plans that we have, several plans to increase the capacity at some of our nuclear plants to renew turbines and things of that nature that are beginning to position the company for longer-term growth as this economy improves.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think the key one that we're talking about at this point, next -- there's always an opportunity for asset sales as you guys well know from our -- what we've done over the last several years. But the key one being the hydro sale, we would like to complete this year, and that's our -- that's what we are targeting to accomplish.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, not at this point. I think at this point, what we're looking at is allowing sales to drive generation investment. And I have confidence in Donny and his team to drive retail sales to the levels beyond where we're at today such that beginning to reinvest in our power plants to reduce forced loss rates, make them more efficient so we can get more kilowatt hours out of the same machines will be where most of our investment is targeted. In the near term, much of that investment is being targeted towards the nuclear upgrades in the -- not only at Beaver Valley in 2012, but 2013, we have upgrades at both Perry and Beaver Valley 2 or Beaver Valley 1 for new turbines. But we have with some major investments in the nuclear fleet with respect to steam generator replacements, which will reduce our long-term O&M costs and give us -- in addition, give us shorter outages, which will create more kilowatt hours from those -- from that fleet to be used and deployed in the retail strategy. So there's a lot of activity going on, and there's a lot of opportunities yet inside the fleet to expand and become more effective with the machines we have before we look outside.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that's right, Steve. I'm being a little cautious in terms of how fast this economy will turn around. I think this area is poised to grow and grow at rates that are potentially far greater than what we've seen in the past because of the economic development potential in -- for the Marcellus and Utica Shale. We're all looking -- if you take a look across the area, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, it basically sits on our -- sits under our service territory. There's a lot of expectations right now in terms of a manufacturing renaissance taking advantage of the locational advantage they would have for energy. And we'd hope to see this as a catalyst for a much more significant and much more sustained growth not only in the manufacturing and industrial segments but the fallout of that through the commercial and the residential markets. So, so much depends on what happens to the economy in general in terms of are we going to be growing or continuing to kind of stagnate and are we going to begin to use the resources we have as a country to really reposition the economic capability and potential, particularly of this region, to take advantage of it.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think that's the primary one, Jonathan. I mean there's always assets moving around in this company because of -- just because of our location. For example, we have lots of resources and lots of land in -- that sits above Marcellus and Utica Shale. So I mean I suspect there'll be some transactions like that. They'll typically be one-offs. I think the real game here is going to be played on the hydro assets.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I guess, Jonathan, if I had all those answers, I'd feel really good about it. All I can tell you is I think we're preparing ourselves to deal with these issues as best we can. If you take a look at our fleet and you compare, for example, going back in time to either 1990 or 2005, which are the kind of the dates that had been thrown around to measure, we will have reduced our carbon footprint in our fleet significantly beyond what any expectations were at either the Kyoto Protocol of 1990 or the 2005 baselines that were used before. So we've done a lot. A lot of the plants as they get shut down reposition. The investing in the nuclear fleet to produce more out of that side of the house has done -- has improved significantly the -- and reduced significantly the amount of CO2 that our fleet produces. So on balance, a lot of it depends on what the rules are and what the baseline is in terms of what the expectations are going forward. We all know that there's no technology today that's commercially available to address this issue in a major coal-fired facility. So there has to be a transition period. There has to be recognized -- somehow, we have to recognize the time frame associated with it. And quite frankly, I think our fleet's in pretty good position.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, obviously, when we think those issues through, the risk is associated with the -- more with the creditworthiness of the person that you're buying from. We will close positions against the sales that we make and then essentially reclose those positions using our own assets once we determine that the sale is sustainable and if we can increase the margin associated with that sale by essentially producing it ourselves.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, my own sense is that the market today has sufficient capacity in it, so investments in new generation of significant amounts is -- it could be a problem for the investors.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we probably could. I don't think we have it with us. But you got to remember you can't look at capacity factor for some of these plants or pump storage because relatively meaningless because -- well, they really run during the day, and they're pumped up at night, then run a river kinds of facilities the rest of them are -- I mean, I don't -- I'm not sure capacity factor is particularly relevant.
Anthony J. Alexander: We're not particularly concerned about it on our fleet, again, because of the other options we have.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes. The asset's going to bid and I guess, by 2 entities. One would be the utility. They'll choose what to bid. And the other will be FES on their other ownership, and they'll choose what the bid.
