Anthony J. Alexander: Well, if you take a look at the entire company and the bright spot in my mind, quite frankly, is the resourcefulness of company management and executives to take on problems like we have in the challenges of this current economic condition and come to a positions that allows this company to move forward, to position itself for the future, to be able to take advantage of improving conditions going forward and to deliver in the near term fairly solid results, given the circumstances in the market that we are currently facing.
Anthony J. Alexander: No, I think I'm pretty comfortable, Dan, with the headcount and numbers that we have in place at this point. We said it looks like about 200 positions have been eliminated. We expect another 300 to 500 next year through kind of normal attrition through the organization. We should be able to hold headcount steady. As the business grows, we'll evaluate the need for additional resources wherever those resources may be needed.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I don't think adding the generation there is really going to change the dynamics because PJM will make a decision based on the amount of new -- either new transmission or hard generating assets within that area to determine the extent of and where constraints may be and how they would attempt to address them. I still like -- like we've talked in the past, I still like the idea of having generation inside the City of Cleveland and I'm very pleased that we are able to work this arrangement out with AMP. I think it's a solid plan, and I look forward to proceeding with that and getting that deal put through all of the hurdles to make it -- to get started on it.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think, Brian, the extent of the damage is extensive and broad, affecting -- when you think about it, it affected almost every customer we have in New Jersey in terms of we had over 1 million customers out. We had to build back the system with not only some transmission, but substation and sub-transmission, substation damage that had to be corrected. And the amount of trees in and across multiple power lines. It's just the way the storm hit, the way it came through New Jersey, hit our service territory and several other companies because they're struggling with many of the same issues that we are, very hard. And you can tell that with the restoration effort the way it is, I mean we're probably restoring at this rate faster than any other restoration any place in the country with this amount of extensive damage. But it's still a very slow go hooking up customers with the amount of damage that's been sustained. I mean it's significant; it's broader than what we've seen before and it's affecting many more circuits multiple -- in multiple places than what we've seen in the past.
Anthony J. Alexander: I don't think generally that, that's been proposed. I mean, a lot of talk has been out about we should underground everything. The costs of doing that are pretty extensive and have significant impacts on individual customers and their neighborhoods as you begin to bore through the underground facilities. No one likes these types of storms, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that we can do over time to make the system a little more resilient, we'll be undertaking them. Obviously, after 3 storms, I'd be surprised if there's a tree left standing, but there certainly are more there that I expect that we had problems with last night as a result of the nor'easter coming through. So it is a combination of whatever system you have in our space. Essentially, 95-or-more percent of what we do is exposed on a day-to-day basis to the elements. Whether they are wind, whether it's flooding, whether it's surges off the coast, hurricanes, snowstorms, all of them have impacts that need to be taken into account. To the extent that there are other things that we can do over time, we're certainly going to look at them. But when a major storm like this comes through, whether it's in New Jersey or anyplace else, it has significant consequences.
Mark Tanner Clark: This is Mark. I think it’s just as easy for Donny to answer, but we're really targeting the mass market and the middle commercial industrial market. We think those are very fertile for us. We like the stability offered to us by the large commercial industrial market. We said we're going to target less POLR. So you should see growth in both the MCI and mass market, and Donny's group is being very aggressive in those markets and targeting them and coming out with new programs.
Mark Tanner Clark: I guess all else being equal, any increase in the power price would have a positive impact on the bottom line. If you're getting to would we run more of our own plants if, in fact, the power prices went up? Yes, we probably would. Right now, we're keeping some of them down because we can buy it less expensive that we can produce it. Donny's also renegotiating a number of the fuel contracts. That'll have an impact next year depending on his success, and he's had great success so far, so higher power prices would in all likelihood mean more production from our side and -- but don't forget that, that also impacts what we can do on the coal contract side.
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't think we've made any changes, but we're no different than anybody else watching the treasuries for what that impact could have on the end of the year.
Mark Tanner Clark: I think the answer to that would be yes and it's in the guidance, but I don't know if I'd characterize it as meaningful.
Mark Tanner Clark: Now that's a little bit like the margin question. We prefer not to deal with what individual margins are per channel and we prefer not to talk about the successes in the volumes we were having with respect to individual programs. But we've been very, very pleased with it; that's why we extended it past the October 31 date.
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't think they're being structurally separated. I think -- we want to have that retail book look more like a regulated utility and so that would be about 1/3 industrial, 1/3 commercial and 1/3 residential. That's why we're pushing a little bit harder on the mass market residential, the medium commercial, which is kind of the lower end of commercial. We might pull a little bit out of the LCI downward into those channels and we'll be trying to do less on the POLR side. So it ultimately should be pretty close to 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 and that's what we're targeting, but that's what our generation was built for as well, so...
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I think we've said in the past that retail will lead generation. As the retail side grows, we may add generation. We may go secure some other sources, but retail will lead the generation portion. In other words, we want to have the sale before we commit on the other side.
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, first, we're not funding the construction of it, so we were really looking at the market in '16 and '17 of which we plan on bidding into, but it did not clear when we proposed it to PJM. But my understanding from AMP is that they don't -- they're indifferent to that and they're going to build it no matter what. They have their own requirements. They self-serve and we're just happy to do this. We're going to build it; we're going to operate it. It helps the reliability issue. It drives down some of our transmission expense. And we're going to own 25% of it at the tail end. So it's kind of a win-win for us and a win-win for them.
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I don't know if you're front-running or not, but I can tell you that Tony alluded to the fact that we're taking 200 positions out in the corporate and the FES side. Those are effective December 1. So those will not be in next year. We expect 300 to 400 to 500 people to attrit. They will not be in next year's numbers either, so -- and we changed some of the benefit programs, some of the other things around. Those are big numbers. They're well in excess of $100 million, just the things I had alluded to right there. I'd have to go through the whole list of all the changes, but it's pretty much across-the-board. I think Tony said it really, really well when he challenged all of us to go find money. And even though Chuck might be a midpoint of $2.60, which was the midpoint we had him before, there's a little bit of a mix in that. Distribution is up a little bit, transmission is down a little. So even though his numbers might be the same as to a midpoint, they're a little different. And I would say that, there's just a whole host of smallish-type things that added up to a big number. When you take -- after you factor out the volume and the price delta that we already alluded to.
Mark Tanner Clark: Well, I can't give a description of Kentucky, but I know, for example, the Chevy Cruze, which is produced in Youngstown, had a record month last year in terms of sales of 34,000 vehicles. So I think some of it is just a little bit of catch-up. We were going for a while at double-digit year-over-year increases in industrial sales and then we kind of slowed up to the high single digits. So some of it, I think, is just catching up. But again, the Cruze is still running 3 shifts, but I don't believe they're running 3 shifts through the weekend. Ford backed off a shift, but they're still running 2 shifts instead of 3. Steel input -- steel output is strong and that's really, really tied anymore to what's going on in Marcellus and Utica. So it could be just a plant-specific quirk or it could be an industry quirk, but we're really pleased with the plants that we have in our territory because they're all running 2 or 3 shifts.
Mark Tanner Clark: We didn't do anything in terms of -- if you're asking did we get overly aggressive with the economy to bump the numbers up; no. In fact, I think we held them pretty consistently flat across-the-board.
Mark Tanner Clark: I don't have the numbers right in front of me, Brian, but I would say the vast, vast majority, probably 80% or higher.
Mark Tanner Clark: Tony flew over in a helicopter so I'll let him talk to that. But I spoke to Chuck Jones, the Head of Utilities this morning and he's been around for 35-some years and he's -- he just continues to say he's never seen anything like this before. But Tony flew over it, so I'll let him speak.
Mark Tanner Clark: Brian, I'd just give you one quick example. I mean, if you have a substation that's flooded, you have to wait until it drains out. But in this case, you might have a substation that's flooded with saltwater, which means you not only have to wait for it to drain out, but then you have to re-flush it out so you get the salt off all the circuits, so it's like almost you're getting penalized twice. Once, to have to wait for it to drain out then you've got to deal with the salt that's all over. So it's like this compounding effect.
Mark Tanner Clark: We look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference, which gets underway in just a few days. In terms of logistics, we plan to post additional materials on our -- of our 2013 guidance along with EEI materials to our website sometime midafternoon on Sunday. Tony and I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and as always, we appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you very much.
Donald R. Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny. Rather than think about it from a power plant output perspective, I would draw your attention to our open book. Right now, I think Mark said we're about 81% closed, leaving about 19% of our book open for '13. So obviously, as prices move that -- those sales would reflect increased prices.
Donald R. Schneider: Steve, it's -- a big piece of it is just when you look at forward prices in the wholesale space coupled with where we're at with generation. It just doesn't make a lot of sense to forecast much wholesale sales.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Julien, this is Donny. We don't always clear 100% of our available capacity in those BRA auctions. And so when you think about the numbers we give, those are based on the BRA auctions. Subsequent to that, we will always participate in incremental auctions, and on occasion we'll do a bilateral contract for capacity.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, Jonathan, this is Donny. The -- if you're thinking about when we doing retail sale, take our 7-year product as an example, obviously that spans well into the '15, '16 BRA and beyond for that matter. And so there is a component of capacity revenue as you levelize that charge that you pull forward, but that would actually show up in our retail sales.
