Jon Taylor: Yes, Michael, this is Jon. Thanks for the question. So, if you think about where we are for 2022 with $1.4 billion of operating costs, about 60% of that is labor. The other 40% is materials and contractors that we have on the property to supplement our labor force field work. And so as we think about O&M reductions through the FE Forward program and productivity improvements, that’s going to optimize, obviously, how we backfill attrition. But more importantly, it’s going to eliminate external contract needs. And we anticipate improved productivity through all the different initiatives that we are working through somewhere in the 20% to 25% range in field operations. Another example that we are working through is around our asset repair, replace decision and using better data and analytics to drive better decisions. And we are piloting a few programs now. We have done some benchmarking, and we think we can get 30% more efficient in those types of programs in terms of how we deploy resources. And then finally, we are modernizing our customer group, making it more automated, making it more user-friendly with customer self-service options and the like, which will significantly reduce the number of manual transactions that our call centers take today by up to 40%. So, it’s improved productivity, it’s mostly around driving contractors off the property, but also it will help us maintain staffing levels with our attrition.
Jon Taylor: I think it’s just going to be a traditional base rate case. We have the veg management program in West Virginia. New Jersey is an area that I think we need to address the level of deferred storm costs that we have on the balance sheet. Today, we have over $300 million of storm costs that we need to collect. So, there will be something that we need to address there through some type of mechanism. But I think for the most part, these are going to be traditional base rate cases. And we will try to continue with the riders that we have in place in each of those jurisdictions.
Jon Taylor: Yes. No, I understand now. Yes. So, if you look at our – just our high-level financing plan, if you do the capital program with our cash from operations and our planned financings, there is going to be a pool of cash left over of $5.5 billion. About – there is going to be a portion of that will obviously fund dividends and dividend growth as we look to the future. But there will be a portion of that is available to us, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, that we will remain flexible on either to find additional CapEx, de-lever the balance sheet or make pension contributions.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, my sense is we are going to try to close on the FET transaction sometime in the second quarter, will obviously take some time to assess market conditions and probably make some decisions on that back half of this year.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Ryan, there is really just two major findings that really impact our financial plan that we have already really incorporated into the business plan going forward. One was the capitalization of corporate support, and so we have factored that into our plan. We still got to get to a time study that’s in process right now, but we have included an estimate of what we think will be the outcome associated with it, and then the capitalization of veg management. That also has been incorporated into our business plan. So, those are the two primary findings from a financial perspective. An you can see that we provided pro forma return on equities for each of our jurisdictions, which have been significantly lower from where they were on an actual basis in 2021. So, I kind of view this as a temporary issue in terms of being able to recover those costs in the future in rate cases that will be filed soon.
Steve Strah: David, this is Steve. I think right now, it’s too early on to really give you a good sense of that. We did do the ELG filing, which I think was an important step relative to just living up to our environmental responsibilities to continue to run those plants responsibly, as I have said in my prepared remarks. As for the ongoing dialogue that we are going to promote for the energy transition in West Virginia, we are really just going to take that one step at a time. And we are going to follow our approach in all matters here, and that’s to be open and constructive, listen to various concerns along the way. I think concerns will lead to opportunities that we could define that we will be thoughtful of and really just take one step at a time.
Steve Strah: Angie, thanks for your question. Our work with the SEC is continuing in terms of, once again, being open and collaborative with them. And I want to respect that process and really not get ahead of it at all. With regard to the very nature of a derivative suit, there was a cash payout from the insurance companies that amounted to the $180 million unless court approved plaintiff fees that will be cash returned to the corporation. We have several other items that are in litigation beyond the SEC work. And we are going to once again tackle those one at a time and just take it on a step-by-step basis.
Steve Strah: Well, I think their involvement with our Board remains unchanged. They have continued to be very constructive, very productive members of our Board, and I don’t see any change in that, Angie, right now. And we have found them to be great colleagues of ours as we have moved ahead.
Steve Strah: Well, Ryan, let me just provide a couple of comments here, and then I will flip it over to Jon. As you recall, in 2019, FERC initiated a routine audit of accounting and reporting under FERC regulations. Due to the events in 2020, we saw that staff extended the audit. I think importantly, there is nothing that was newly identified that the company wasn’t already aware of within the audit itself. And we did that through our own very thorough review of all the matters contained therein. Also, the audit didn’t identify any additional lobbying related to expenses for those that had a question around that. As for the details of the key findings, I think I will pass that over to Jon Taylor, and he can elaborate.
Steve Strah: Well, Ryan, the way I look at the settlement, it’s one more additional step for our company to put our legacy issues behind us. And by each action we take in this regard, we continue to rebuild the trust and be able to really focus our entire company on what is a very bright future with an excellent business strategy and supporting business plan. So, I don’t have details beyond what’s contained within the term sheet that’s been made public. But as events warrant and significant issues are brought forward and moved, we will certainly keep the investment community up to speed on that.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you. I wanted to thank you for your ongoing interest in FirstEnergy, and thank you very much for joining us today. And please, above all else, please stay healthy and stay safe. Thank you very much.
