Charles E. Jones: Well, first, I don't think there's been any change in strategy. I think since last January, we've been talking about FirstEnergy's focus on regulated operations, and I have talked about that Competitive business as – obviously we own a merchants generation business. We've been trying to situate it to run it more utility-like, if you will, and I think that's paying off this year. We had a very hot period in June and while we're not here today to talk about third quarter results, very hot July and the strategy where we're keeping some reserve margin in that generation to protect us against rising loads is working. I think we're running it very reliably and we're making it such that it's a fairly predictable business for us, even in the market that it's in. Unfortunately, the predictability is such that it's going to continue to decline in terms of the contribution it makes to the company as a whole, both in the capacity market and in the energy market. And is it frustrating that we're shutting down tens of thousands of megawatts of generation in our country that's got life left in it because of the way this market is working and that we're ignoring the fact that we have to build more transmission in order to allow the grid to work the right way when we replace it with natural gas generation that is what I call being built as energy conversion factories, not being built to serve customers, that is very frustrating to me. But nonetheless, I think we are doing the things we need to do as a company to make FirstEnergy strong even with the current merchant business that we have today. I said in my remarks that we will look at every option that's available to us that is positive from a cash and credit perspective to move out of that business over time, and that's our goal, and that's kind of always been where we've been at.
Charles E. Jones: So, right now I think we've got a bigger issue in Ohio we're working on and I think it's important that we keep our regulatory and legislative and legal teams focused on that issue, and that's what we're going to do. I'm aware of what AEP is proposing. I think it's a very creative approach. I think it helps solve some of the issues that we have with making sure we have reliable capacity going forward in the right places without having to build transmission on top of it, and I'm pulling for them. At the right time, we may join in with them in that effort, but at this point in time we're not actively involved in it. We're trying to get our ESP case done.
Charles E. Jones: I'll let Jim answer the question in detail, but I think we're confident we can raise whatever we need in order to keep that business going in terms of refinancing existing obligations. I do not see us leveraging that business more in order to keep it going.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I would say this. We are committed to telling you what this company looks like once we have the Ohio case done. If the timing works out for us to do that at EEI, then we'll do it at EEI. If the timing doesn't work out for that, then we'll have a meeting that's specifically designed around telling you the outcome and what it does to our company, whether it's an Analyst Meeting or how we do that, but yes, we're going to communicate that to you as transparently as we can.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I don't think you should think about the $500 million. I mean we told you we're going to issue $500 million of additional equity this year. Jim mentioned, we've already invested over $3 billion in transmission growth capital with another billion planned next year. You all look at those numbers the same as we do. I'm not going to speculate on an outcome in Ohio right now. When we know that outcome, we will know what the impact it has on our credit ratings and then we'll do what we need to do. We've got a number of other strategic options that we can execute that we will, but I think it's premature to talk about what all of those could or could not be until we see where we land in Ohio.
Charles E. Jones: Well, first of all, when we met them earlier this week, they told us, you guys all talk to them a whole lot more than we do. So I think it's pretty obvious out there what they expect us to get to. And in terms of how we're going to get there, I just said the Ohio ESP is a big piece of the puzzle that we have to get answered before we can talk about what the next steps of the puzzle are. I think it's likely that both of the agencies are going to publicly say what their expectations are here in the near future both for the Competitive business and for the rest of this company. But we're focused on keeping our investment-grade credit ratings at the holding company and for every one of our regulated entities.
Charles E. Jones: Yes, we follow you. From our standpoint, we're not expecting that we're going to issue any more senior unsecured debt. So, I think the way we're looking at it, Paul, is we want to at least maintain where we're at right now. And our goal would be at the S&P level to get the corporate credit rating ultimately notched up one. That would also notch up our senior unsecured. From a Moody's standpoint, we are already at investment grade. So that's the way we're thinking about it.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we just filed our rebuttal testimony and attempted to point out what we thought some of the potential things that the staff missed in their testimony might be. I think some of those are pretty obvious. And even the commission staff in their testimony agreed that there were adjustments that were made or need to be made to the initial number they came out with. So I'm going to answer this question the way I've always answered. I'm not going to speculate about things that we don't know about. So we've got another couple of months to get through this case in Ohio. We've been waiting patiently for two years and three months to get to an outcome here. And with only a couple of months left, I'm not going to start guessing at what the outcome is. We're going to get the outcome. We're going to deal with that outcome, and then we're going to move forward and we're going to move forward in a way where we expect to maintain investment-grade credit for our holding company and all of our regulated entities.
Charles E. Jones: And we've planned normal weather for the rest of the half – the second half of the year in our guidance numbers.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I'll take – there were three questions in there. So, take the first one and that is, I've already answered it a couple of times here. We're not going to speculate about Ohio. There's a whole wide range of outcomes. The staff said one point. The corrections we made to the staff testimony got that number up in the over $500 million. I think we've got to let that process play out, see where we're at, and then we will take whatever steps we deem are appropriate to maintain our investment-grade credit for our holding company and our utilities. And those steps are so wide-ranging depending on the outcome for Ohio, it's just – I don't think it's good to speculate about them, so I'm not going to talk about them. I'll tell you what we know when we know it. On the second question, Jim – I think Jim already answered it. We're not looking at doing anything to legally ring-fence our generation business. But as I said, we're not going to use any equity to support the credit ratings of that business. We're operating it in a fashion that's cash flow positive. And we're going to make whatever decisions that we need to make on a unit-by-unit basis to deactivate them, sell them in order to keep that business as positive of a member of the FirstEnergy team as we can.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. So there aren't any more questions on the board and we're running towards the end of our hour. So thank you all again. I know we had to make some very difficult decisions last week. Look forward to talking to you more about that part of our business when we see you all at EEI. And just thanks for all the support that you've given us.
James F. Pearson: From our side, we'll look at probably capitalizing the Transmission segments, where the rates are set at a 60% equity level. Initially MAIT, we will have it at a 50%-50% cap structure. Now, obviously at the holdco level of transmission, we will have a cap structure that's a little higher than that on the debt side. But that's how I would think about it going forward.
James F. Pearson: Yes, this is Jim, Neel. I'd agree with Chuck. As we said, that business is expected to be cash flow positive each year through 2018. We're coming through the end of our construction phase. We'll be done with most of our match expenditures. Mansfield dewatering facility will be completed. And as we said, we are going to move the refueling – or I mean, the Beaver Valley-2 steam generator and head replacement out to 2023. In addition, we have a $1.5 billion credit facility at the competitive side that we have not used. So I don't think funding that business will be any issue. However, we are going to be very focused on the capital investments and we don't intend to make any investments, especially on the fossil slide, unless it's for safety or to preserve our options going forward.
James F. Pearson: Hey, Julien. This is Jim. I would think that the expectation is that we'd need to achieve a FFO at 14% at this point. And they would not be looking to change that in the near-term.
James F. Pearson: The 14%, that's the threshold that Moody's has designed. From our standpoint, we're targeting at 14.5% to 15% of FFO. But the 14% is Moody's.
James F. Pearson: I think it's an iterative question. We'll continue to do the employee benefit program and stock investment program. But as Chuck said earlier, I think there's a big piece of the puzzle that still has to fall into place before we have any further consideration there.
James F. Pearson: As we said, this $500 million that we expect to issue, we expect to contribute that equity to our qualified pension plan.
James F. Pearson: The units that we shut down or said that we were going to deactivate by 2020 was just Unit 1 at Bay Shore, the only unit we have, and it was Sammis 1 through 4 at Sammis. We've never disclosed what those would be from an earnings standpoint. But when you look at the total, including the capital that we would have to invest and the revenues net of their operating expenses, it will make us improve our cash flow going forward. And that's essentially the reason we decided to deactivate those units.
James F. Pearson: We have not baked July weather into the guidance. As I said in my comments on the script though, July was a very warm month and our plants ran very well. So, I would expect that we will have some weather improvement in July. As far as the equity, we really can't comment on the timing of the equity transaction. However, I can tell you our earnings guidance is conservative and assumes dilution starts in the earlier part of the second half of 2016.
James F. Pearson: Steve, this is Jim. From my standpoint, I would say in all of our jurisdictions, we will be earning right in line with the authorized ROEs. And as you know, a few of the jurisdictions, they have what's called black-box settlement, where they don't come out and particularly say exactly where it is. But with the filing we have in New Jersey, the four utilities in Pennsylvania, where we are in Ohio that essentially covers all of our utilities with the exception of Maryland and West Virginia. And we just had the filing in West Virginia a little over a year ago. And Maryland, we're seeing some load growth there. So, I would say we're earning right in line with all of our ROEs.
James F. Pearson: If you look in New Jersey, the rate relief is associated with our capital investments we've made since mid-2012. We've had about $600 million and some of investment there. So we're not earning on that capital right now. So, I would say we're probably slightly under earning there. In 2016, we would expect that we would have a decision in Pennsylvania by January 27. So our guidance would include earnings that would get us pretty near to what our ROE expectations are.
James F. Pearson: Praful, this is Jim. I would say, we're not looking at any type of new legal actions or anything to ring-fence that side of the house. The way you should look at it is, there's no cross defaults on any of the financings that we have out there or the credit facilities. FirstEnergy Corp. does guarantee about $1.25 billion on that side of the house. And it's really made up of about $1.2 billion of our underfunded pension, OPEB and EDCP cost. And then there's just about $50 million associated with some contracts that FES has. So, from my standpoint, there's no thought about ring-fencing. But that's just where we are with that side of the house.
James F. Pearson: Well, I don't think that's something that we've been contemplating at this point. The business is still cash flow positive. We intend to make every effort to ensure that those assets continue to run. As Chuck said earlier, if we get to a point, we may look to deactivate or sell some assets. But I think that question is much further down the road. I was just speaking to what the guarantees are by the holding company.
James F. Pearson: Yes, I would say that's a representative number. As you know, we have about $6 billion of debt at the holding company. Some of that is what I'd say variable rate debt. So, if you make an assumption that interest rates are going up, then you could see a change to that. But the biggest component is interest expense and about several billion is subject to variable interest rates. So, you could see a change in that if we had an upward movement in interest rates.
James F. Pearson: And Ray, this is Jim. I'll take your final, the third question. Yes, Irene and her team, they continue to have discussions with Fitch about potentially reinstating the ratings. So I think we're having very good dialogue with them and we should be in a position to update you probably later this year.
