Mark T. Clark: Yes. We have a number of fuel contracts in the process of being restructured and, of course, we're always open to restructuring coal contracts. So the short answer would be yes.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, we said that they're going to stay reasonably flat. I think, I would say they're going to be consistent with what we said back in May.
Mark T. Clark: Dan, this is Mark. I would only add that in some cases our retail people are helping the communities, organizing around what it takes to aggregate, what it takes to get it on the ballot and building relationships in anticipation of hopefully the success of those ballots.
Mark T. Clark: Well, I think we've been fairly consistent with regarding the Signal Peak, that it was non-core and it was never our intent to own it. I would say they were more coincidental than anything, and as you know, we generally don't discuss our view on forward coal prices as viewing that as competitive. But I would say, Paul, it was more of a coincidence that they occurred at the same time.
Mark T. Clark: Our current analysis shows that the hairline cracks are acceptable as is and will not impact the structural integrity of the shield building, thus, no remediation would be necessary.
Mark T. Clark: The inspections have wrapped up and we are now completing our evaluation to determine the final acceptability of the hairline cracks. We anticipate having the final acceptability for the 2 remaining localized regions complete by the end of the week.
Mark T. Clark: I'm not going to speculate what the NRC may conclude with respect to relicensing the plant. Obviously, operating experience will factor into the NRC's decisions, but that's what our corrective action process is for and our root cause process is engaged with right now.
Mark T. Clark: David, this is Mark. I would just -- well beyond the financial positives of the transaction, I mean, having Gunvor as a partner along with the operating team at the mine gives us an awful lot of optionality in terms of what we can and can't do as the mine continues to develop.
Mark T. Clark: Yes, the $360 million deconsolidation, then there's a $250 million whole co debt, which Jim plans on paying down in cash. The AE supply transaction will also be done in cash. And I think your last question had to do with merging the 2 entities together. That's something that's for tax purposes. We're not going to talk about until we get through that period of time.
Mark T. Clark: I would say yes, but it could go up and down depending on the mix, customer mix, but generally, I would, in short, I would say yes.
Mark T. Clark: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Before we conclude, I'm sure you saw our announcement this morning that Ron Seeholzer has been named Vice President of Financial Planning for FirstEnergy Solutions, and Irene Prezelj has been promoted to Vice President of Investor Relations effective today. I'm confident that Ron's experience, which encompasses public accounting, internal auditing, budgeting and financial forecasting, in addition to his IR responsibilities, will help enhance our financial planning, forecasting and analysis at FES. And I'm sure you recognize that Irene has been a very trusted liaison for the investment community since she joined the IR team in 2008. She has a tremendous depth of knowledge about the company and her promotion ensures a smooth leadership transition in this very important area. As always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy, and Tony, Ron, Irene and I, along with other members of our team, look forward to seeing many of you at the EI conference next week. Thank you very much for being with us today.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think, Hugh, I guess -- this is Tony. I guess the best way to answer that is we've laid out the expectations for fuel over the next 3 years, and we said they're essentially going to be flat. So we'll be taking advantage of whatever opportunities we have to drive fuel savings, whether it's through restructuring contracts, reopeners or new contracts and -- or changing fuel mixes to maintain that basic cost per megawatt hour that we laid out earlier.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, the community will vote next Tuesday. I would expect, if they follow the same pattern as many other communities in Ohio, they're likely to vote in support of government aggregation, because it produces lower prices for them as they gain more bargaining leverage in those transactions. AEP's settlement, as proposed, will likely limit the ability of those communities and those customers to take advantage of the competitive market and/or their aggregation votes that they've put in place. So they're either going to be very much delayed and very much unhappy that they're not going to have those savings as early as they otherwise would, because I don't believe the numbers and caps that the AEP plan has will accommodate very much more shopping.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think we try to work with the customers. Some of the communities were -- obviously are working today on whether or not if they get the legislation -- legislative authority to move forward. They are further along the path. Other communities are probably waiting until -- to determine whether or not the voters support it. And then you'll have to put that in the space of whether or not they will qualify under the AEP plan. Obviously, the plan, if the Cincinnati plan or the synergy plan is approved, Duke Ohio's plan is approved, then those communities will have access to the competitive markets as early as January 1.
Anthony J. Alexander: No, we have a lot of places to sell whether that's moving towards west into Illinois or further east into PJM, and as you know, that was one of the benefits of the Allegheny transaction itself.
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, there's a lot of avenues that you can pursue with that type of proposal. The -- obviously, the very first hurdle is they still have to meet the requirements in the state of Ohio, which says you have to have a need in order to be able to justify that type of process, and I suspect that need is going to be -- will be highly challenged and very difficult to prove when you don't have an obligation to serve.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we haven't even talked about a delay at restart at all as far as I know. We think we'll be able to resolve the other indications that have come up and still are holding at this point to a restart date by the end of -- or towards the end of November.
Anthony J. Alexander: In the main, this is going to be evaluated by Davis-Besse experts as well as experts we've brought in from the outside, and we'll be looking at it as part of our CAPS (sic) [CAP] program to reach resolution in much the same way we've pretty much reached resolution with respect to the architectural elements at this point. The evaluations are continuing, and again, at this point, we see no reason to believe that this unit will not be back online by the end of November.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I'm not going to speculate on what the plans are going to be in terms of how the evaluation will turn out after or whatever the MACT rules are when they come through. Now we're going to take a look at all the information we have, and we'll make the appropriate decision to -- for FirstEnergy at that point. I think it's kind of mixed. We've seen some indications, like Bill talked about earlier, of energy prices seeming to be firming up. I still think it's -- not everyone yet appreciates the impact these rules will have on the generating fleet, and until those become clearer, depending on the individual positions of the generating owners, I think it's hard to say whether or not they're fully reflected in the marketplace. Much of it is going to depend on how fast the economy improves and secondly, what specific actions are taken at specific units and where they are located potentially on the grid and how that might affect market prices going forward. It's pretty complex. My sense is it's not all being factored in at this point in time.
Anthony J. Alexander: Met-Ed's service territory in part, but primarily more aggressively in the Penelec, West Penn Power, Duquesne service territory and into Northern Maryland, perhaps into Central Maryland.
Anthony J. Alexander: Right now, David, those are kind of the current targets we have, assuming what we believe we can do with the underground operations as structured today, as well as what we believe we can do with the surface opportunities that are in and around that facility. Whether or not it has any greater potential long term, I mean, it's a wonderful piece of property with lots of reserves, and it's just a question of how you deploy and when you go about trying to capture them at any point in time. So right now, this is -- you kind of set your game plan, get the long-term underground facilities in place, allow the markets to develop as well as our ability to ship that coal primarily into Asian markets or elsewhere and then take advantage of that by expanding our operations at that facility to capture those margins available in those markets.
Anthony J. Alexander: No, no, no, we're not even at that production level yet. So there's no surface operation yet at Signal Peak, and the mine is -- while the mine is approaching operating at close to that level in terms of close to a 10-million-ton a year level of production, we're not quite there yet. And we're still in a very -- I wouldn't call it the very early stages, but the mine is still going through its development phase. It's not even yet to its longest panels or best panels in terms of the coal seam that we will be accessing the next time we make a longwall move.
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, Dan, with respect to that, when we talk about fuel, we talk about -- our target is about -- I think it's $28 a megawatt hour. That's our target for the next 3 years in terms of what our fuel costs are going to be. So this item that occurs this time will be substituted with something else. As you go in time, the whole fuel cost's relatively flat.
