James F. Pearson: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. As always, detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report which was posted to our website this morning, and we welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. As Chuck mentioned, we reported strong GAAP earnings of $0.89 per share, and $0.90 per share on an operating earnings basis. These solid results exceeded our expectations due to the impact of record summer temperatures on our distribution business and strong generation plant performance. Third quarter cooling degree days were 28% higher than the same period in 2015 and 46% higher than normal, a record in the 38 years that we have been tracking the impact of weather. This drove a 6.9% increase in total distribution deliveries compared to the third quarter of 2015, with a 12.8% increase in residential sales and 4.7% increase in commercial sales. In the industrial sector, sales increased 2.4% in the quarter. This is the first increase in industrial deliveries since the first quarter of 2015. The improvement was driven by stronger demand from the shale, coal mining and steel industries, as well as the chemical and auto sectors. Over the last year and a half, we have seen a drop in steel and coal customer sales, but both have leveled off. Looking ahead, we expect industrial sales to increase, primarily due to the strong growth in the shale-related sector. We will be watching these positive developments very closely in the fourth quarter and into next year. Looking at the trends on a year-over-year basis, residential and commercial weather-normalized sales are flat and are expected to be flat in the near term. On a positive note, recent residential customer growth has been the highest since early 2007. This trend of approximately 0.5% has been seen across our footprint with the highest growth in the eastern part of our territory. Turning to our Transmission business. Third quarter earnings increased by $0.01 per share due to higher revenues in ATSI and TrAIL, which offset higher depreciation and general taxes. Additionally, in the fourth quarter we will be reclassifying $0.07 per share from our Regulated Distribution segment to our Regulated Transmission segment related to a small portion of Transmission assets that will be recovered through the formula rates at MAIT and JCP&L. These assets were always under a Transmission rate, but were included as part of our Distribution segment. This change will impact full-year guidance for 2016 between the two segments with no impact on our consolidated earnings guidance, and it will be reflected in the 2017 earnings guidance that we will post on our website later today. In our Competitive business, our plants performed well this summer, driving results that were stronger than our internal forecasts. This partially offset the expected commodity margin decrease due to lower contract sales volume, which is consistent with our hedging strategy and lower capacity revenues, reflecting the capacity prices that went into effect in June. The commodity margin also benefited from lower capacity expense, fuel and purchased power expense and higher wholesale sales related to a larger open position. As a result of the impact of a hot summer combined with strong operational performance at our generating units, we are narrowing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA to the top end of our previous range at $920 million to $950 million from $850 million to $950 million. We have essentially closed our 2016 targeted forward sales with 67 million megawatt hours of committed sales and 3 million megawatt hours remaining open to market prices. Finally, at corporate, lower operating expenses were more than offset by a higher consolidated effective income tax rate and higher interest expenses. As Chuck said, we are revising our forecasted GAAP results to a loss of $1.30 to $0.90 per share and raising and narrowing our 2016 operating guidance to $2.60 to $2.70 per share. And later this afternoon, we will post to our website a comprehensive packet with our EEI presentation and supplemental materials. This will include our 2016 and 2017 guidance with segment details, a five-year capital expenditure forecast for Transmission, a three-year capital expenditure forecast for our utilities and corporate, 2017 and 2018 capital and adjusted EBITDA for the Competitive businesses, long-term growth targets for our regulated business as well as our financing plan. We are making these materials available today so that you will have plenty of time to review them in advance of our meetings at the EEI Conference. Now I'd like to open the call for your questions.
James F. Pearson: Hey, Michael. This is Jim. I would say from New Jersey, I would look at that $80 million, the pre-tax number, as flowing through the bottom line. As well, in Pennsylvania, I would expect of that $291 million, about $203 million pre-tax will fall through to the bottom line.
James F. Pearson: Hey, Stephen. This is Jim. To your first question, our tax basis is about $4.3 billion there. And in fact, to Chuck's earlier comment, I think there has to be a lot more analysis done on that before we determine if we're able to utilize any of those tax benefits back at the parent if we got to that point in time. So I think it's just too premature right now.
James F. Pearson: Julien, this is Jim. That was kind of like a black box settlement, so I don't want to get into what any implied rate of return is at this point.
James F. Pearson: I would say once all of the rates are in place, then we will be earning a representative ROE at all of the jurisdictions.
James F. Pearson: Well, we have a forward-looking test here in Pennsylvania, so I would say, on a trailing basis, we were earning it. And what this rate case included was our forward-looking costs as well as our customer consumption during that period of time.
Charles E. Jones: So here's what I'd say, Greg. I think we really started this transformation to a regulated company at EEI in 2013. And that launched a significant regulatory agenda that included rate proceedings in West Virginia, Ohio, twice in Pennsylvania, twice in New Jersey. Those are now all behind us. It included decisions along the way to retire assets that were uneconomic. And now we have some decisions that we have to get done in the near term. What I've said in my remarks and what I would say as an answer to your question is we expect to complete this entire process in 12 to 18 months. And in that time period, you'll be looking at a fully regulated company. There are steps along the way that I can't give you timing on the specific steps, but we're not going to let those get in the way of that goal of being fully regulated within the next 12 to 18 months.
Charles E. Jones: Well, that is their job and they've never been hesitant to do their job. So I fully expect – we met with them, as I said during the call, last week. I fully expect that later today they're going to begin talking about what their expectations are. And I'm confident that we will be able to deliver on those expectations, particularly at the holding company level. And then we have to see where this strategic decision takes us with the Competitive business over the next 12 to 18 months.
Charles E. Jones: I'd say we're going to wait and see what they say. But I can tell you this, we have positioned those metrics at the holding company pretty much where they need to be anyway over the next three years irrespective of the decisions that we're talking about today.
Charles E. Jones: Not at this time, Jonathan. We have an extensive review going on of what our company will look like when this transition is done. And as we study that and understand it better, we'll be able to talk to you about it at that time.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I would give you the same answer there that I just gave on some of the expenses that are shared throughout the company. We have to get into this process and understand it fully. There are going to be a whole lot of different views on how that might get handled in the event that we get to that point. But as I've said, we've got other things that we plan to execute on in the short term here before we ever get to the point where that question even has to be answered.
Charles E. Jones: I would say this. We're committed to executing this transition to a fully regulated company within the next 12 to 18 months. That would suggest that if there's going to be any policy decisions made by these states, they're going to have to be made early in 2017 for them to be able to be impactful on that schedule.
Charles E. Jones: I don't think I was talking negatively at all. I was just disclosing the fact that it's out there and a very negative impact could cause us to look at what we do with the Competitive business more quickly when it relates to a financial restructuring. But I don't feel negative about it at all. If you want, Leila can give you a little update on the timeline as to when we expect all this to happen.
Charles E. Jones: Here's what I'd say. As we started to think about what we have to accomplish over the next 12 to 18 months, it became apparent that more governance was good and more external governance is good. So we are moving forward with adding outside independent directors to the FirstEnergy Solutions board strictly for that purpose, so that we have more external governance into the process.
Charles E. Jones: We have announced that we will issue $500 million of equity into our pension plan yet in 2016, and we continue to plan to do that and expect to get that done. Any further equity discussion, I'm going to put you off for now, and we'll talk to you about it at EEI.
Charles E. Jones: Yes, absolutely. That's why we began the process to form MAIT in the first place. And I think, Michael, the amount of work that we could execute on, I think we've identified almost $20 billion worth of work that we could put in that queue. It's just a matter of we haven't communicated the speed at which we plan to execute that work plan yet. And again, I think we'll talk a little bit more about that coming up at EEI.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we're there in 2017 and we're very close in 2018 and 2019. And I think we could close that gap without too much difficulty. So, yeah, I think – but here's why I'd say, Julien. The rating agencies are going to do their job and they're going to issue their reports later today or probably at the latest, Monday. So we're waiting to see what they're going to say, too.
Charles E. Jones: I think it's pretty clear that our Competitive business is stressed. But it's also pretty clear to me that we've taken the necessary steps to stabilize our FFO-to-debt at the holding company level.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. Well, there are no more questions here. I'm sure you're holding them for us starting Sunday at EEI. So look forward to – we're going to be putting out some additional disclosures later today, and I look forward to seeing you all there. And hopefully by the time we come out of EEI, we plan to try to combine the Analyst Day that we've talked about for the last year and a half with EEI and share a lot of information about what we believe this fully regulated company is going to look like. So look forward to seeing you there. Thank you.
