James F. Pearson: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. I will remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report that was posted to our website yesterday evening. And as always, we welcome your questions during the Q&A or following the call. I'm sure you have also noticed that we did not publish a full FactBook this quarter. We hope to have greater clarity to regarding the PPA shortly, which would hopefully allow us to have an analyst meeting and provide full guidance for 2016. In place of the FactBook, we have included an Appendix to the slides for today's call with certain regulatory and financial updates we would normally publish each quarter. Our first-quarter operating earnings of $0.80 per share compares to $0.62 per share in the first quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, we recorded earnings of $0.78 per share for the first quarter of 2016, compared to $0.53 per basic share during the same period last year. 2016 first quarter GAAP results include special items totaling $0.02 per share, which includes regulatory charges primarily related to economic development and energy efficiency programs associated with the Ohio ESP commitments, offset by mark-to-market gains on commodity contracts. A full listing of the special items can be found on page two of the consolidated report. In our Distribution business, results were impacted primarily by mild temperatures on distribution deliveries and lower rates in New Jersey that went into effect in 2015, partially offset by the benefit of Pennsylvania rates that were also implemented last year. Total distribution deliveries decreased 7.8% compared to the first quarter of 2015 with a 13.4% decrease in residential sales and a 5.1% decrease in commercial sales, reflecting heating degree days that were 25% below last year and 11% below normal. On a weather adjusted basis, residential deliveries were essentially flat while commercial deliveries decreased 1.6%. Sales to industrial customers decreased 2.8%. We do continue to see growth in shale gas sector but the rate has slowed dramatically in the past two years and is not enough to offset lower usage from steel and coal mining activity. First-quarter Industrial load was off nearly 110 gigawatt hours as a result of reduced operations at Republic Steel, which then announced an indefinite shutdown on April 1 and a permanent closure of Warren Steel. Overall, our sales are following the national trend that was noted by the Energy Information Association earlier this year. Whether-adjusted residential and commercial sales are each down more than 1% over the past four quarters while industrial load is down 3% in that timeframe. Drivers include the impact of more efficient lighting, appliances and equipment and slowing and shifting economic growth. In our Transmission business, operating earnings increased as a result of the higher rate base at ATSI, partially offset by the lower return on equity that was part of ATSI's comprehensive settlement approved by FERC last fall. In our Competitive business, strong first quarter earnings reflect an increase in commodity margin, which primarily benefited from higher capacity revenues driven by increased capacity prices, as well as lower purchased power expense, higher wholesale sales and lower fossil fuel expense. These factors offset lower contract sales volume, which decreased in line with our hedging strategy. The decrease in fossil fuel expense relates to lower fuel rigs, and as Chuck indicated earlier, it also reflects the benefits for our economic dispatch strategy, which kept the Bruce Mansfield Plant offline for part of February and March. This strategy is the right approach at this time and we will continue to deploy it if markets don't support plant operations. Clearly, this remains a very challenging business environment for our competitive units as prices continue to drop. Although we're not updating our CES adjusted EBITDA guidance at this time. We know that a reduction of about $3 per megawatt-hour in the round-the-clock prices since the beginning of this year translates into a reduction of more than $50 million in wholesale revenue. Our committed sales are about 62 million megawatt-hours for 2016 with an additional 12 million megawatt-hours as part of the Ohio PPA. In 2017, we have 42 million megawatt-hours committed with an additional 20 million megawatt-hours for the Ohio PPA. We are reaffirming our expectations that the Competitive business will be cash flow positive each year through at least 2018. And finally, in Corporate, a higher consolidated income tax rate and other expenses reduced operating earnings by $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2015. As Chuck said, we're off to a very solid start in 2016, and we're encouraged by the developments in Ohio and remain committed to providing customer-focused growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I'd like to open the call up for your questions.
James F. Pearson: It's – I think that's included in the Appendix Jonathan and when we break down all four of the Pennsylvania companies you have that rate increase.
James F. Pearson: The regulatory charge, that was primarily the commitment we made under the ESP, and that's associated with some energy efficiency commitments, as well as some low income and some economic development.
James F. Pearson: It's a one-timer. Since we committed to make those payments, so we're required to recognize that at the time of the commitment. It is a liability to us.
James F. Pearson: Julien, this is Jim. I would say that in Pennsylvania, it's primarily driven by somewhat the decrease in the load. It's part of the DISC filing that we have. There's also additional investments that we've made there. We've got a very large smart meter implementation program going on over there. So that's primarily what's driving that in Pennsylvania. You're also able to file on the forward-looking test year. When I look at New Jersey, it's primarily driven by a significant amount of investment that we've made since the last test year in New Jersey, and that was 2011. And as we said in our remarks since July of 2012, we've had a significant amount of capital investment. And why we say partway through 2012, because in the test year New Jersey you're allowed to claim in-service amounts for six months after the in-service date. So we've had a significant amount of investment in New Jersey, so that's what's driving that. Again, as far as our overall return on equity within each of the states, I would say that we're probably tracking right around where we should, based on the last rate proceedings. However, as you know, in Pennsylvania, they did not publish what the ROE was in the settlement.
James F. Pearson: Stephen, this is Jim. I would say that, as we said earlier in our comments and Chuck said, it is that this will bring the average residential bill in Pennsylvania up to – about what's average within the state. You'll recall we went a number of years without increasing our rates in the State of Pennsylvania. It's also being offset by a – from a customer perspective, it's being offset by a reduction in their overall energy component of the bill. So, I don't view this as something it's going to be what would be described as a rate shock issue. As far as your earlier request, no I don't – we don't see any mechanism out there where we would phase this in. This is just a normal type of request that we would have. And again as Leila pointed out earlier, there is very stringent energy efficiency requirements in the State of Pennsylvania, which is decreasing the usage. So we're required to go in and file for these rates. So that's the way we're looking at it.
Leila L. Vespoli: Just one further point of clarification with respect to the – on the depreciation comment, and we're actually proposing a changed methodology in depreciation that's just driving some of that change.
Leila L. Vespoli: Hi, Paul, this is Leila. Given the high profile, I guess my view on this would be that they would be looking at both these cases before the Base Residual Auction. Just to give clarity, from the way I view the world, if you think about the affiliate waiver case, if I'm the chairman, he looks at things from a legalistic standpoint. I kind of view things that same way. And so I have a case in front of me where there's strong precedence not to look behind the screen if you were to what the states are doing. He has – in the initial 2008 waiver, there was a claim by Nopak that non-bypassable charges should be looked at and should cause him to say that there're not – not all the customers – that there are captive customers. They chose not to make that finding. So to go against this and grant the complaint, he would have to go against legal precedent. I don't see him doing that and I think he would want to get that out of the way and that's tied to Mon Power complaint because fundamentally they're kind of looking to address, call it the same issue. And if you look at the Mon Power complaint, there are a lot of parties with – that wait in with a lot of different potential remedies. And I don't think they're going to fall prey to the hyperbole, especially out there by Dynegy that there is a burning platform that there is imminent danger. If they're going to want to act and give clarity and take their time and look at this. So from my standpoint, I think they're going to want to act on the waiver, I think they are going to deny the complaint because I think it's – to do otherwise would be inconsistent with past precedent. They can take care of the issues supposedly involved in that complaint, in the Mon Power complaint, but they can do so in a very thoughtful way by addressing it through the stakeholder process what they are used to dealing with it and taking care of it in the next – for the next BRA auction in 2017.
Leila L. Vespoli: So net-net, I actually think it's quite positive. So you may recall the Maryland case was out there when we first constructed the PPA. So we knew we were kind of threading the needle with regard to that, and I think that the Supreme Court's decision confirms that we did a good job of that. The decision in and of itself does not negatively impact it. In fact, if you look at one of the footnotes, they go into a long detailed description of the traditional bilateral contract, which mirrors directly our PPA. So from a structure standpoint, if you think about it, through that footnote, they signaled that the structure of the PPA is something that is out there in the market and that they feel comfortable with. So structurally, I think it meets the test. And then if you go back to the EPSA case, albeit (33:57) they made a statement that insulating retail customers from price fluctuations is something that fell under state authority. So if what the Commission's purpose was was appropriate per EPSA and the structure is appropriate per the Hughes decision, I think again those two together present us a very strong case with regard to any Federal District Court case that might be brought our way.
Leila L. Vespoli: Julien, this is Leila. The only thing that I would add when you're thinking about Pennsylvania, think about aggressive energy efficiency measures and no lost distribution recovery. So when Jim was talking about the lower revenue, those factors play into that.
Charles E. Jones: And Jonathan I have said all along that as we continue to move this company more towards a regulated model and we prepare for growth in our T&D operations, you're going to see more and more rate increases or rate cases in order to accommodate that growth.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I think that our game plan is to wait and see what FERC does. If it drags on too long, then my expectation is we'll give you a guidance for 2016 without the ESP baked into it. That would be our plan. I don't expect that this is going to drag on a long time. There's a lot of speculation out there that they'll make a decision before the May RPM. That doesn't bother me so much if they don't because a lot of the opponent's cases suggesting that we're going to do something inappropriate in how we bid these units. And once they see how we bid these units, then I think that would diffuse a lot of that argument. So if it waits until after the RPM, that wouldn't bother me too much. But beyond that, I think if it continues to go on and we are going to give you guidance for 2016 without the ESP.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we're not going to talk about our bidding behavior. But I think it is something that FERC can look at. If they just look at how we bid our West Virginia plants in the last RFP or actually in – since capacity performance, they could see a very good indication of how we bid units on the regulated side. We haven't disclosed that bidding behavior and we don't plan to. But my point is this. I don't think that – I think there's a lot of rhetoric going on about how these PPAs might affect the capacity market. It's nothing, but rhetoric. This PPA has no impact on the PJM market whatsoever.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I will give you my comments. I think that Chairman Porter showed outstanding leadership during the time he was at the Commission. You know, he got a very important docket moved forward. Hate to see him go, but as you know how it goes. When job opportunities present themselves, you don't get to pick the timing of them. So he called me the other day and we had a good conversation, and I don't think you should read anything into it other than what was said.
Charles E. Jones: I think you should think about it the way I have been answering it for the last year-and-a-half. And that is we can't make a determination until we have all of these answers, and I don't expect that it's going to be a lengthy FERC process. So – and my position from the beginning has been – it's our obligation to structure this company and operate it in a way where we could get our credit issues behind us without having to use equity to do that. We're talking to you about a lot of growth opportunities on the regulated distribution and transmission side. Assuming we get successfully done with MAIT, that opens up more transmission investment. And I'm not going to be embarrassed to tell you we want to use equity to help grow this company going forward. But the amount and the timing – I'm not ready to discuss.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I would answer that we have five different distribution strategies. We serve in five states. They all have different regulatory treatments. Under the Ohio ESP, we have an extension of the DCR through the term. We also have a new treatment for smart grid and smart meter type investments. So there is a different regulatory strategy in Ohio than in Pennsylvania. In Pennsylvania, we've got the LTIP and the DISC. And, obviously, we're filing for rate cases there and in New Jersey. In West Virginia, we had a case last year where, if we get to a position where we need another case, we'll file it. And in Maryland, quite frankly, the growth in load has been commensurate with our investments. And there has been no need to file a case there. So I think it's five different strategies. Overall, though, I would tell you the strategy is to start making the investments needed to improve the service to our customers beyond where we're at, to provide more security to the distribution network, and, basically, make investments to serve our customers better, and then do them in a way where we can communicate to you how we're going to get the returns.
Charles E. Jones: Actually the DISC – we have filed for the DISC effective July 1 to start treating the first investments in our Long Term Infrastructure Plan. And under this rate case, any DISC expenditures after that point would be rolled into the base rates, and then we have the option going forward to then use the DISC in real-time to recover investments in the Long Term Infrastructure Plan in the outyears. So, we file to invest $245 million over the next five years. So, we're going to use both.
Charles E. Jones: Well, so I've talked about in my comments the fact that we're halfway through energizing the future; we've invested $2.4 billion in our Transmission over the last two years with no equity. And during a time that we were working to kind of strengthen our cash flows in order to improve our credit metrics. We've got two more years of that program at about $1 billion a year. I don't see any equity needed to fund that Transmission growth. Going forward, if we plan to expand our Transmission investment program or expand significantly what we're doing in the distribution, then any equity needs would be associated with increased investment in T&D. So, I answered the same way we're not prepared to say what that amount is, but I don't think you need to be worried about energizing the future being taken off-track in any case.
Charles E. Jones: So, I'll start and then I'll let Donny add to it. During 2015, we talked with you about our cash flow improvement program. Much of that was focused on the Competitive business. And much of that was focused on getting our Competitive business to the point where it continues to be cash flow positive and it has no need for any cash from the parent through 2018 at current energy prices as we know them. So part of that was also targeted at the FFO from the Generation business. So we reduced O&M expenditures, which contributed to some of what you're seeing there. So that's kind of from an operational perspective, the thing that Jim Lash and his Generation team have done to improve the competitiveness of that business. I will let Donny talk a little bit about the Commodity side.
Charles E. Jones: Donny and his team are doing a fantastic job running the business too. Back in February when we had Mansfield off for two weeks, the entire plant off, there were several seller side notes that suggested that, meant that load was down and we're going to have a bad quarter. In reality, that's part of how we're dispatching is those units differently. So we don't run them when we can't make money with them. So I talked in my remarks about that save this fuel. So Donny is doing a great job at looking at every day, every hour, how do we maximize that business under some very difficult economic times.
Charles E. Jones: Yes. So, first I would say, I think MAIT is very important to our customers in New Jersey. And we have to do a better job of helping the BPU understand why it is important. We've done that in our latest filing and will continue to work with them to get it across the finish line. If we don't, then we'll look at options to implement MAIT in Pennsylvania potentially. But as far as your real question in terms of how does it affect or transmission investment strategy, we've got two more years of energizing the future. We've got projects beyond that inside ATSI and TrAILCo that we can continue to move forward with. I don't see MAIT been crucial at all to our transmission investment strategy. I see it as a way to implement that transmission investment strategy in a way where we can lower the cost of capital and do it in a way that's better for customers and create more transparency for our investors. That's how I see it.
Charles E. Jones: I think you could probably look at where wholesale power prices have gone over the last few years. And as Donny mentioned, wholesale power prices have fallen $3.00 already this year. So I think there was a period of time when around-the-clock power prices were in the $50-plus range, and if you look at the forwards out there right now, over the next three years, they're probably closer to the $30 range.
Charles E. Jones: I will answer it at a high level, and if you want details, then I'll let Leila and Jim fill in. But as filed, in effect January of next year, the JCP&L case is about $0.20 a share and the Pennsylvania cases combined are about $0.40 a share.
Charles E. Jones: I understand you are struggling with it, and I understand that the estimates are all over the board for what this ESP means. And believe me, as soon as we can give you clarification, we plan to do that. Once we have an answer from FERC, we will tell you what the value of this company is going forward with the ESP. If we don't have an answer, then we're going to give you 2016 guidance without the ESP. And I apologize that we're leaving you hanging out there, but it's just too big a moving part for us to speculate on the outcome.
Charles E. Jones: Well, first of all, we are a regulated utility. 90%-plus of our earnings today come from our regulated operations. What we're talking about is growth and investment inside that regulated utility. We filed our integrated resource plan with West Virginia. I think later this year, they'll start taking a look at it seriously, and it's up to the West Virginia Commission to decide would Pleasants be the appropriate solution. Obviously, we have a model in place already with Harrison, and we think that is something they ought to look at.
Charles E. Jones: So, first of all, let me clarify again. We've told you we have over $15 billion of Transmission projects that our teams already identified on our existing 24,000 miles of Transmission System. Those projects can be executed with or without MAIT. MAIT is a vehicle to improve the recovery mechanism from a transparency perspective for investors and lower the cost of capital to make those investments more efficient for customers. That's all MAIT is. It doesn't stop us from moving forward with the transmission investment program. As far as the scale of the program, we'll talk to you about that once we know the base of the company that we're operating on after we get a resolution on this ESP, because it's more driven by our capability of raising the cash and likely some equity to fund it. So we'll tell you about that once we know those answers.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I don't think of it necessarily as managing O&M down. I think about it as spending the appropriate amount of O&M to serve our customers the right way. And as we invest in new equipment, O&M is going to trend down. In the Transmission System, we're replacing 60-year and 70-year old equipment with brand new equipment, that as I've shared before we're basically buying with 30-year warranties from the manufacturer – full warranties where we don't have to do any O&M on them. So we're going to spend the appropriate O&M as long as we're having rate cases and we're having timely recovery of our expenses, I think the shareholders are immune to how much O&M is involved. And so when you think about it, it's more about where do we spend it, how is it being recovered and is this the right amount for customers.
Charles E. Jones: Of all the things I've been thinking about a CEO the last 16 months, M&A is not high on that priority. That's how I would answer that. We're trying to strengthen the company that we know. We're a big company; we have 6 million customers to serve. We're going to do that the right way.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. Before we leave, I have one final announcement that I'd like to make. Many of you know Rey Jimenez, Rey has been part of our IR team at FirstEnergy since 1997, and he has decided that he would rather spend his time in retirement than talking to all of you in the future. So, he is going to be retiring after 39 years with the company. He will be in the office until early June and I'd encourage you – I know many of you have worked with him, to get a chance to wish him the best as we will for a healthy and happy retirement. So, just wanted to make that announcement. Thank you all again for your support and confidence, and we'll be talking to you again as soon as we have an answer from FERC.
Donald R. Schneider: Yeah. This is Donny, Neel. Without the PPA, we have – our FactBook would show we have about 17 terawatt-hours open for 2016. I think Jim talked about the fact that a $3 move on that 17 terawatt-hours would be about a $50-million impact. With the PPA, if the PPA goes forward, we actually chew up some of that open position, as we look through the end of 2016.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I'd just add, obviously we have taken a position starting after the polar vortex in 2014 to derisk the business and to move away from weather sensitive load. You'll recall in the first quarter of 2015 we had what's been referred to as the Siberian Express and while it was not nearly as significant of an impact to FES as the polar vortex, it's still have some impact. I'm happy to report this past quarter, although we had very mild weather, the fact that we have much less weather sensitive load, are results were pretty much in line with our expectations from a sales perspective.
Donald R. Schneider: Yeah. I mean, we've had coal contracts in place for a lot of years. It gives us significant flexibility. This isn't really something new for us. I think the degree is much greater now, but you'll recall back in – I believe it was 2012 – around August 2012, we took the entire Sammis Plant down and kept it offline through December. So it's not really new. I think the difference is with the weak – incredibly weak forward day ahead market that we are seeing, it calls in more economic dispatch than perhaps what we had seen in the past.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. For 2016, Sammis and Davis-Besse would definitely both have positive earnings per share impact.
