Jon Taylor: Shar, this is John. So I think we've had some internal discussions about this. We have not talked to any of the regulatory commissions about this. But it is something that we're looking at, and we're trying to figure out mechanisms that can protect the company from the volatility that we're seeing today.  And so nothing necessarily set in stone, but looking for like tracking mechanisms or some type of deferral mechanism that could protect the utilities from the volatility that we're seeing. And then to your second question, when we adopted the mark-to-market accounting, I think back in the 2010/'11 time frame, that was a preferred method of accounting, and so we can't go back to another method.
Jon Taylor: Yes. And Shar, I'm not going to obviously commit to low end or high end of the 6% to 8%. But what I would tell you is this, it's a very volatile situation. In fact, if you just look through the month of July, given the broader markets are up, there's been some softening in the interest rates.  The earnings headwind associated with the pension has improved. At the same time, our funded status has also improved. So it's a very volatile environment and something that we're staying close to. I think -- let me maybe take a minute and talk about this in 2 ways.  First, if you just look at year-over-year earnings growth based on what we know relative to the pension, it starts with our regulatory strategy, strong formula rate investments across transmission and distribution as well as the rate structures we have in place from the Ohio SEET settlement that provides really strong regulatory earnings growth.  Next year, you'll also start to see the full year of the interest savings from the holdco debt reduction initiatives, which is about $0.18 a share annually. That will start to flow through beginning next year. Obviously, that's going to be partially offset by new debt issuances, but it will be a benefit to year-over-year earnings.  And then as I mentioned, we have planned operating efficiencies from FE Forward as well as the benefits from the tender transaction and the investment earnings on the corporate side, the mining operation where it's giving us flexibility to pull ahead some planned maintenance work this year from future years.  And then the remainder of the issue will be addressed by optionality across a broad spectrum of initiatives, including increased capital investments on the transmission system, permanent reductions in corporate and support costs, for instance, external branding and communication cost as well as reducing our real estate footprint. And then we might even have uplift from the mining operation next year that we would consider that's not on our plan.  So I say that because I think the most important way to maybe look at it is what's changed relative to our plan to deal with the $0.30 headwind? And I think you can kind of frame it this way. About 40% of the headwind will be addressed by the moves we're making now to move operating expenses around. 25% of the headwind will be addressed through changes in our financing plan. And then the remaining 1/3 will be associated with the reductions in corporate costs and new capital investments that I mentioned earlier.
Jon Taylor: Yes. That's correct. I mean the items that we have in place around increasing our capital investments, permanent reductions in corporate and support costs, customer arrears, the improvement in uncollectible expense that we're seeing, we feel very comfortable. Based on what we know right now, as well as the changes in the financing plan, everything that I mentioned earlier, we feel good about the $0.30.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve, I would just add on to that, that we continually look at various options to create value. And if there are ways to be opportunistic to take advantage of the difference between public valuations and private market valuations, we're going to consider that. And I would tell you that utility asset valuations in the private sector are -- continue to be strong.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So maybe I'll take the discussion with the rating agencies. We've provided them our new plan, which reflects the tender transaction, the changes that we've made in our financing plan as well as the mitigating actions that we're going to take to offset the pension.  And it clearly shows that we're going to get to 13% next year as we execute. But I'm not going to speak for the rating agencies. It's up to us to execute against our plan. Moody's has us on positive outlook. But as we talked about with them, it's really important for us to execute against that plan to ensure that they feel comfortable with moving to an upgrade.  On the dividend, yes, I mean, obviously, we're focused on dividend growth. I mean we realize that it's been flat for a couple -- 3 years now. And so as earnings start to grow, we will continue to consider dividend growth.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Nick. So we look at different options each and every year, just looking at all the assets that we have. We're not necessarily targeting a set of assets at this point in time. But it is something that we take a look at from time to time. And if there's, like I said, options to create value for shareholders that takes advantage of these high private valuations, then we're going to consider that.
Jon Taylor: Well, I mean, I think you could probably, based on the number of customers we serve and the size of the states, our service territory in those states, it probably mirrors that pretty good. So I don't have the breakout by state, but we've been able to do some things in certain states, New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland, where we've had recent rate cases, and we were able to get some different treatment there.  Ohio and Pennsylvania, it's been more traditional. In Ohio, we recover service cost only. Pennsylvania is based on cash contributions to the pension trust. So the exposure probably, you can just kind of pro rata it based on the number of customers each of those utilities have or each of those states have. But what we're really looking to do is try to protect the company from the volatility that we're seeing, for instance, this year.
Jon Taylor: Well, I think if you look at the ROE that we published for New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland, they're all sub-8% as of Q2 LTM. So I would tell you that I feel like we're not earning a reasonable return at this point in time. So I think -- there's nothing that I'm aware of that gets to rate structure or rate design at this point. I mean obviously, we have a little bit of time to plan and prepare for that. But this is mostly to earn a reasonable return on our investments.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So West Virginia and Maryland, I think, are historical test years. So we'll likely use 2022 as the test year. I think New Jersey is a little bit of a hybrid where you use some historical, but you can project for certain things and project into the future. So I don't think there's a lot that we can do to change that in those states, but that's kind of where we are at this point.
Jon Taylor: We have the DISC turned on -- all of our operating companies have the DISC turned on. So at least according to what we published, we were earning about 8.1% on a pro forma basis, which includes the full year of accounting changes that haven't flowed through the actual results yet, but will over time.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Based on what we know today, Jeremy, we've identified everything we need to offset the $0.30 headwind. I would just remind you, just to -- it's going to be fluid, right? And so that's going to change from time to time, and we're just going to have to keep a close eye on it. And we'll be transparent with you on exactly where we are. But based on what we know as of this point in time, we feel like we can address the $0.30 headwind.
Jon Taylor: There is some ability to be flexible with some of the offsets in terms of how we accelerate expenses from future years into this year. The level of increased transmission spend that we want to put in place. The mining operation is somewhat fluid. So there is some fluidness to all of this.  My point on the pension was mostly around -- we know $0.30 today, it's gotten a little bit better as of last Friday. But the markets are volatile, right? And the $0.30 could be lower, it could be higher. And so we're just going to have to keep an eye on it. But based on what we know today, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Jon Taylor: So just real quickly because you mentioned it twice now. The Pennsylvania tax rate, that's not going to -- that's not structural. That's going to flow back to customers. So that won't be an earnings impact to us going forward. But a lot of the things that we're doing around corporate and support costs, reducing our real estate footprint, that is structural changes that we're going to make.  The improvement in customer arrears and being able to reduce uncollectible expense, that could be structural. The level of contribution from the mining operation, that's probably fluid, right, because a lot of it depends on commodity prices and the ability for the mine to execute against their plan. So there's a lot of moving pieces here.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So David, I would tell you that we're seeing pretty good growth in the industrial sector quarter-over-quarter. I mean if you look at the last 3 or 4 quarters, on average, it's grown anywhere from 2% to 3%. And that's what we're seeing in the second quarter. I would tell you, on the industrial side, the trends in many of the sectors are better than what we saw in the first quarter.  For instance, steel was up 10% quarter-over-quarter versus 4% in Q1. Auto was up 7% versus 4% in Q1. So we're seeing a lot of trends move in the right direction, which we feel good about. And in fact, as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, this is the first quarter we've seen since the pandemic that our industrial load was better than what we saw in 2019. And that was across a lot of different industries.
Jon Taylor: So each jurisdiction has different rate treatments for customers. And so in the states that we file -- we'll file in next year where we'll use '22 as a test year, it will be at that $0.40 level. And so they won't see the change to the $0.10 a share next year.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Gregg, I would say a lot of the work we've already started to execute on. And so we have the contractors and the labor to support that. That's not to say that we don't have challenges with supply chain. We're seeing a lot of different impacts, specifically around lead times, around equipment, across a number of categories, transformers, breakers, regulators, all have extended lead times.  But this is more around just getting planned maintenance work done ahead of schedule and in '22 as opposed to future years. So it's not necessarily a contract or a labor issue.
Jon Taylor: Well, they'll use the pension obligation at the end of '21, that's in their metrics, which supports the 13% that we provided them. That's correct. But with respect to catalyst, I'm not aware of anything specifically that either Moody's or S&P are looking for.  I think it's just continued execution against our plan and seeing how the cultural changes continue to progress, the changes around compliance and ethics that we're executing on. All the recommendations that came out of the investigation and how we're executing on those will be important as well. But nothing specifically that they've said is a catalyst for the upgrade that I'm aware of.
Jon Taylor: Yes. It will be deployed at the operating company level to strengthen capital structures to fund their capital programs. So that's the plan.
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you, given where some of our high coupon debt is trading today, I mean, it's very attractive to maybe continue to further delever the holding company, if you could. But I think we'd cross that bridge when we get to it.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Sophie, just in our original plan that we announced back in November and February of this year, we didn't assume earnings contribution from the mine in '23 or beyond. We just had a modest amount factored in, in '22, and it's exceeding our expectations in this year.
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you, we've looked at exploring how we transition out of that facility over time. As you can imagine, it's a challenge to do something like that, just given the situation. But it is something that we look at from time to time, and we'll have discussions with the other owners.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I would say, to be determined. I think the staff and the commission will need to set a schedule. And depending on how things go, that will drive the schedule. I can't give you a sense of the time line at this point in time.
Jon Taylor: No. I mean, because your pension is -- the pension just -- if you just look at the pure accounting, I mean, you mark the pension -- everybody marks the pension to market and sets pension expense based on the year-end market conditions. And so that's really what sets pension expense. And so if you look at just the interest component, you're seeing significant increases in interest rates. And then the assets are down 15%. And so that creates the volatility in the, what I'll call the normal pension exposure for us and, quite frankly, for other companies.
Steven Strah: Shar, before I turn it over to Jon for a couple of comments, I just wanted to, on an overall basis, just acknowledge it's a very fluid situation for us. We have put a plan together that Jon outlined in his prepared remarks, and it's up to us to work it.  We continue to be very clear and transparent in our disclosures. And during the first quarter call, we were very upfront and straightforward about the challenge. We also have found a way to find a path forward. And we're going to continue to be very transparent on the issue. There are some things within our plan that are within our control, some outside of our control. As I said, it's fluid.  And look, we're going to be committed to do what's reasonable to address the gap, but be careful that we're not going to unduly impact our customers' experience with us and get our company off track. So I just wanted to make those introductory comments before I turn it back over to Jon.
Steven Strah: Steve, this is Steven. It's really all around just considering the given success that we had with the FET transaction. And we're just going to continue to examine ways of creating shareholder value if it makes sense. Step one is to understand potential value. And it's something that we look at on very much a routine basis. And we do have the opportunity to create some new optionality, we believe, based on valuations and where those valuations are right now. And it's just part of our ongoing planning process.
Steven Strah: Jeremy, as we previously disclosed, there was a management review committee created as part of our Board of Directors and the work is underway. So that sets off a 90-day clock to complete the review. And I would say I would be thinking around mid-September by the time it's completed. And the Board is following their process, and I really can't comment beyond that.
Steven Strah: Well, great. Thank you very much. I just wanted to take a moment to thank everyone for joining us today and for your continued support, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
