Mark Clark: Dan, this is Mark. I think two things. One, we alluded to accelerating some expenses from '11 into '10, and then I'm going to let Harvey speak to the manufacturing issue.
Mark Clark: Dan, I think, one example would be the Mad River legacy remediation. That was going to happen in 2011. We elected to move that forward. Some people might have seen how we handled that. It was a YouTube special because the tower fell in the wrong direction, unfortunately. Another item would be our nuclear people asked if they could accelerate some rad [radioactive] waste removal. Eventually, they were going to have remove it. It wasn't in any of our game plans, but since we were having a strong quarter, we agreed to move some of that forward. That gave them some more operational flexibility. It also, kind of, took that issue off the table from having to deal with for a while. So there are a number odds and ends on that -- as I said, about half of it were things that were out in the future like rad waste and some of the things were more current like the Mad River, which would've been an '11 item.
Mark Clark: No, what we did was -- the specific answer is no. What we this was cleaned up some contracts that would've been in '11. We just took care them in '10 but the aggregate answer is no.
Mark Clark: I think we're going to speak to '11 in a lot more detail when we set up the post-merger call. But as we said, we're going to apply as much of that as we can to debt reduction and building up our cash reserves and those will have a positive impact as we go forward. And other than that, everything, probably, is pretty consistent with what we outlined before.
Mark Clark: Yes. Year-over-year, Paul, we're always more or less marking our funded liability of our pension on to other comprehensive income in the equity section of the balance sheet. So the discount rate going down increased the obligation and the unfunded portion got bigger. So I think there was about a $200 million after-tax charge associated with that just in OCI.
Mark Clark: Yes, Signal Peak is doing quite well. They had some issues with the PPOV but that's pretty much been resolved. We're not happy with some of the safety performance, but management is committed in order to save the plant. We were out in the region in Denver speaking to the local authorities. They produced 8 million tons last year, somewhere between 4 million and 5 million was cleaned. About half of that comes east, to us, and about half of it goes into the international market. We brought on a new COO last year, who spends his entire day in the mine. We're seeing a lot of increased productivity. And we're very, very pleased with where they are right now.
Mark Clark: We said that we eventually going to sell Signal Peak. We were putting that material together. We'd like to do it after they get into the second seam, and we still anticipate hopefully something being done late first half of this year, maybe into the second half. But with a memo of understanding on Fremont, the tax legislation, some of those things significantly increasing our cash. There's substantially less pressure on doing something with Signal Peak and the value of that property just seems to be climbing.
Mark Clark: There was a touch of it in the third quarter, very little, but almost all of it was in the fourth quarter. I'm being corrected by our controller, all of it was in the fourth quarter. I thought we did a touch in the third but apparently not.
Mark Clark: From the interest rate swaps, it was about $128 million of cash. For the year, I believe, it enhanced earnings about $0.04, which about probably around $0.01 to $0.02 was in the fourth quarter.
Mark Clark: Now, what that is, you might recall, at the end of the third quarter last year, we reallocated our nuclear decommissioning trust primarily from equities to fixed income. So we were in cash for a good period of the time last quarter, so this is really just interest income on those investments.
Harvey Wagner: Dan, we really didn't see much benefit in 2010 from the manufacturing deduction. We had an adjustment when we filed our 2009 cash return, that pretty much offset what we would have otherwise generated in 2010. So comparing 2010 to 2011, you really won't see much difference.
Harvey Wagner: Paul, it's Harvey Wagner. As you know, some of these purchased power contracts get mark-to-market, and these are just the impacts of fair value adjustments. The offsets are pretty much in the purchase power expense line from the income statement.
Harvey Wagner: Ivana, this is Harvey Wagner. If you consider about $300 million that we're anticipating for 2011, about $220 million of that would be the regulated companies.
W. Byrd: Yes, this is Bill Byrd. I think it would be safe to expect that we decreased our POLR business over time. Our business objective is really to sign-up direct retail customers. And as we succeed with that, we'll be less interested in the POLR contract opportunities.
W. Byrd: I ask our folks this question, specifically, in anticipation of a question like this. And obviously, the New Jersey legislation and associated FERC activity in the Maryland draft RFP creates a lot of, I'll say, regulatory uncertainty, which uncertainty is always, as a generality, tends to firm up pricing. We also are somewhat skeptical about the amount of demand response that we see participate in this program. We're cautiously expecting a little less. And all that put together, we think prices may firm up a little bit. I mean it's not going to dramatically be different than last year, but we think it can get stronger in the price.
W. Byrd: This is Bill Byrd, and Solutions is right in line with their game plan and their business plan in terms of our out-of-territory sales. We aren't going to get too detailed on the volumes and exactly where. But generally, it's the Western Pennsylvania, Western PJM territories that we're focused on. Logically, it's the utility territory that are reachable with our generation on a cyclical-power basis.
W. Byrd: This is Bill Byrd again. To answer your question about the different zones, yes, we expect a significant price difference between the east and the west. As you're aware for FirstEnergy capacity, it's the price in the west that we're most interested in. And we feel on the demand response contribution process to larger process that we -- you're curious to see how it turns out, but we believe that there will be less interest in the demand response providers bidding their supply, and particularly in the western region where our capacity's at.
Anthony Alexander: In POLR? Yes, we can probably give you that detail, Brian, but why don't you call back and try to get it. I don't know that we've got that level of granularity right here, right now.
Anthony Alexander: Steve, which one of those 10 questions you want me to answer first? I think the Governor made an excellent choice. Todd's a solid individual. He's been a good representative. He understands the process pretty well from a legislative standpoint in terms of any energy issues. And he's clearly a good choice for the role. So I think we should look forward to having a solid regulation in the state of Ohio with the leadership that's been put in place at this point. Let's see, the second question dealt with...
Anthony Alexander: Well, I think there's opportunities under 221, which all of us have taken advantage of to a certain extent in terms of having Electric Security Plans put in place. We were just successful in negotiating one last year. But there are limitations to how those can be utilized. So I think you'll see the Commission -- well, following its precedent, that's what Ohio Commissions have done typically over time. I think they'll be skeptical about some of the noise I've been hearing, respecting the ability to use Electric Security Plans to create large amounts of non-bypassable future charges. But doubts are going to get played out in those proceedings.
Anthony Alexander: We're active in all of those markets to different extents and to different degrees. I think what Bill is trying to relate to you is, at this point, it's really not appropriate to lay out what our game plan is. All I can tell you is that the game plan in each market that has been laid out has been successfully implemented.
Anthony Alexander: Thank you. And I'd Like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you and have a great day.
James Pearson: This is Jim Pearson. What we're going to be looking at is a debt at FES. And even if we have some excess cash at some of the utilities, right now, we haven't targeted any specific issue nor will we do that at this point. We look at if it make sense to retire any of that debt economically. If it doesn't, we'll hold the cash in reserves there.
James Pearson: I think the tax issues if you add it up, it's over $500 million and we gave some earlier drivers on free cash flow in that range. So those two items alone would be $1 billion, and we're not at liberty to speak about the Fremont facility. But as we said, we are going to be generating significant amount of cash this year. And our game plan is to reduce debt or build our cash on our balance sheet.
James Pearson: The bonus depreciation is not quite all of it. Remember, we got a refund of $60 million in '10 that we just got a couple of days ago. $170-some million that was settlement of some issues back to '01. In terms of total tax kinds of dollars, it was $500 million. Some of that number we gave for tax legislation was '12. But $1 billion is in the ballpark and plus Signal Peak plus Fremont plus continuing holding down our O&M expenses, so we're going to have a fairly large pile of cash to increase our overall financial flexibility or worst case, continue to build up our cash reserves.
James Pearson: Ray, think back when we provided that, that was prior to the legislation being enacted, so that would exclude anything to do with the bonus depreciation.
James Pearson: Ray, this is Jim Pearson again. Let me start with the bank lines first. As you know, we have our revolving credit facility that's due August of 2012. We have started having the dialogue with the various banking relationships. We would expect that we would have new facilities in place before that facility becomes current. And we will look at potentially setting up facilities at the holding company and the generating companies. On the second question, the short-term debt balance, a portion of that is made up of our pollution control debt that we continue to roll over in variable rate mode. At one time, we got that up over $2 billion. We're now less than $1 billion that we carry in a variable rate, and we're pretty comfortable with that right now. It's probably in the $800 million to $900 million range. The rest of that would be some short-term working capital debt that we carry.
