John Somerhalder: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We had a strong year in 2022, and we are excited to make even more progress on our goals in 2023. Our full year 2022 GAAP earnings are $0.71 per share and operating earnings are $2.41 per share, which is slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. Before I get started today, I would like to take a minute to say thank you to all of our employees for their efforts over the past year. I'm proud of what they've accomplished and company we have become. Our progress this past year is due to the efforts of our 12,000 employees who are serving our customers and working to make this company better for the long term. Thank you. With that, we have a lot of ground to cover today, so let's get started. Two years ago, we were taking some of the first steps to transform FirstEnergy. In 2022, we hit full stride, stretching ourselves to strengthen and enhance nearly every aspect of our organization. The scope and pace of these changes have been remarkable. Just to touch on a few of the highlights. First, we made significant improvements in our financial position. This includes deploying proceeds from the $1 billion common equity issuance that closed in late 2021, together with the $2.4 billion to 19.9% interest sale in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC that closed midyear to reduce debt by nearly $3 billion in 2022, most of which was at APICORP. As a result, we lowered holding company debt as a percentage of total debt to 24% from 33% at the end of 2021. On the operational front, we transitioned to a new five-state operating model and engaged in more than 175 projects across the Company to modernize the way we work and deliver a superior customer experience as part of our FE Forward program. At the same time, we continue to enrich our culture with an unwavering commitment to our core values. As a result of this work, we're entering 2023 as a more innovative, efficient and forward-thinking organization where employees are sharing ideas and working to move the Company forward. This year, we intend to build on our momentum. We're working to be a premier electric company with a strong foundation and a customer center focus that is enabling the clean energy transition. Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to sell an additional 30% interest in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC to Brookfield's Super-Core Infrastructure Partners for $3.5 billion. This transaction, which is expected to close in early 2024, supports our plans to improve our balance sheet and for approximately $1 billion of incremental capital investments, which we believe will drive long-term value for all our stakeholders. And as John will discuss, our regulatory calendar will address the critical investments that support reliability and smarter and cleaner electric grid. We are introducing 2023 guidance of $2.44 to $2.64 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a 6% growth from our original 2022 midpoint of $2.40 per share, and it offsets the pension impacts we discussed last year. We are also introducing first quarter 2023 guidance of $0.56 to $0.66 per share. In addition, we are affirming our targeted 6% to 8% annual operating earnings growth rate, which represents year-over-year growth based off of the prior year guidance midpoint. I'd like to spend a moment to provide an update on the CEO search process, and I realize there is much interest in this important topic. Late last year, we shared the broad criteria that we were looking for a strong track record of executive leadership within the utility industry, have demonstrated ability to execute on the regulatory front, leading operational and financial discipline and impeccable credibility with external stakeholders. And we always anticipated a three- to six-month time line. I can share that interest has been strong. The process has been quite active since the beginning of the year and discussions among the Board and select candidates continue. The Board is committed to selecting the right individual to lead our talented team, and we trust you will respect the process through its conclusion. We look forward to sharing the announcement when the Board completes its work. In the meantime, we continue to execute on the strategy we have in place. The Board and the management team are fully committed to this path and the expectation is that the new CEO, once name, will be as well. It's an exciting time for FirstEnergy as we're poised to leverage our many strengths from our diverse assets to the transformation that has taken place since 2020 to the talented employees who are making the Company stronger with their drive, passion and ingenuity. I appreciate your continued support. We are concentrating our efforts on long-term stability and success as a leading utility. We will continue to navigate our path with the same determined focus you've seen over the last few years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jon Taylor.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, John. We'll have plenty of time for your questions, but I wanted to take another opportunity to say how pleased I am with FirstEnergy's progress. As you've heard this morning, this team has delivered on our goals. They have diligently executed our plan, and they have exemplified our commitment to performance excellence. I'm proud of where we are as a company, and I'm excited about our future. Now, let's open to Q&A.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Thanks Nick. Consistent with what we've talked about earlier, which is not only the criteria, what we're looking for, and we talked about that as part of the prepared remarks, the time line that we talked about three to six months. Everything we're viewing now is still consistent with that. I can tell you that we've had quite a bit of activity related to the Board search process so far this year. It's been very active and that continues as we speak right now. I think a couple of positives are that because we've continued to execute as a company, we see good progress, and that's what we indicated that even though we were going through the CEO search process that we continue to execute on things like the FET transactions, that's been a very positive. Also, the Board has been very focused on getting the right individual. But saying that, we do realize that we want to address this issue, the Board has a high priority right now and is very active on concluding the search.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean we view our strategy as very straightforward. What we're going to focus on related to investment in the business, controlling our cost, executing on that strategy, the management team very strongly supports that strategy. The Board very strongly supports that strategy. So yes, we're looking for a CEO that would be very much in line and be able to execute on that strategy.
John Somerhalder: Yes. The requirements, what we're looking for, Steve, are very consistent with what we've talked about. We have not changed that. As we've said, we've had good interest from individuals that have that. What I can tell you, consistent with what we've said earlier is, the Board truly supports and believes in the plan, and we are really focused on finding the right CEO that can execute on that plan. So, that is the path that the Board is headed down.
John Somerhalder: Yes, David, the Pleasants plant has some improved environmental controls compared to at least one of our facilities. And the commission in West Virginia has asked us to look at -- could it make sense to continue to operate that plant as part of the generation that we would own to support our customer load. We are consistent with what we've been asked by the commission. We are evaluating that at this time. And I think we'll have some results in late March that will inform that decision. West Virginia and the load for the customers and the economy there are keen interest. So, we will work hard to see if that could make sense, but I can't prejudge at this time what the result may be. But we will comply with what we're asked to do there and do a good faith analysis to see if that could make sense. And we'll be able to let you know as we conclude that what the next steps could be or what additional steps the commission may take to further evaluate that depending on the evaluation.
John Somerhalder: Yes, that's a different 30%. If we sell off 30% additional plus the 19.9% represents about 30% of our total transmission. So the math works just like John indicated, but two different 30%s.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Sophie, yes, that's a key point. The good news is in all of our states, we start out very affordable when we compare to our peer rates in those states, were anywhere from single digit up to approaching 30% more affordable in the different states. So it does give us the ability to invest -- and as everyone knows, we've underinvested in some of our jurisdictions. And so there's a need to invest for reliability and other things that really benefit the customers. So as you said, even without some of the high customer count, customer usage growth rates of some other jurisdictions because we're very affordable because we have these needs for reliability and other, we feel like that's very manageable starting with where we're starting from on that. And then, we do see that with electrification first of transportation, we will see, as we move out later in the plan out through the 5- to 10-year period, we do see load growth that can help support additional investments. So, that's how we view it, and that's how we view that we can remain affordable and deal with our customers' affordability issues even with this more robust capital plan.
John Somerhalder: I wasn't expecting that question. My thoughts are we have strong interest. So my thoughts are that we're focused on concluding that and transitioning me back to the Board as what my thoughts are.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We very much appreciate your interest in and support of FirstEnergy. Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Nick, this is John Taylor. So let me maybe take a few minutes to kind of explain how we're thinking about the long term. So if you think about 2023 ex pension and ex-Signal Peak, there's going to be obviously significant improvement in the earnings year-over-year of the business, mainly because of the actions that we took last year to accelerate maintenance expenses and the plans that we put in place for additional cost controls this year. The interest expense benefits from improving the balance sheet as the holding company as well as continued growth in our transmission business. And those items more than offset the decline in Signal Peak and pension that was close to 30% of our earnings in 2022. And now for this year is projected to be about 15% of our earnings in 2023. So, if I think about the plan going forward, I think what you'll see is above-average growth from the business ex-pension, ex-Signal Peak from new base rates and formula program capital spend in our distribution companies, the continued organic growth from our transmission business and then how we're going to deploy the proceeds in an EPS accretive way from the FET transaction. And so our current plan, pension Signal Peak is going to be less of a contribution in those outer years, representing probably around 10% of the total earnings of the Company. So obviously, what's going to be important for us is regulatory outcomes, cost control is going to be very important. And that, along with our transmission business continuing to drive significant year-over-year earnings will drive the overall growth of the Company.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I guess from my perspective, there's a difference between the ESP and a base rate case, right? So the ESP is primarily focused on the procurement of generation services for those customers that don't shop. Having said that, there are some rider programs in the ESP that we will ask to continue on such as our distribution capital recovery rider and so those are important to us. But in the main, that's not nearly as significant as a base distribution case. I would tell you in our plan, we're not planning for anything extraordinary. We're going to file an ESP that's consistent with our peer companies in the state. And that's kind of how we plan for the future.
Jon Taylor: Right, right. So I mean, if you just look at the cases that we'll file next year, New -- or excuse me, this year, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland, all of them, except for Maryland, have fairly low return on equity. So New Jersey 7%, West Virginia, 6.6%, we're also filing for capital programs in the distribution business with the grid mod program in Ohio, we're going to file for an IIP in New Jersey. So, all of that will provide significant growth to the distribution business. You know about the transmission company and the robustness of that business and then how we deploy the proceeds into the balance sheet from the FET transaction will reduce otherwise incurred interest expense. And so as we look at the business ex-pension, ex-Signal Peak, you'll see above-average growth.
Jon Taylor: Yes, James. So I think from my perspective, the CapEx plan is increasing from $3.3 billion last year to over $4 billion by the time we get out to 2025. And quite frankly, I see that trend continuing into the back half of the decade. So post 2025, obviously, we'll provide you much more in the way of details once we announce a longer-term plan. But I do see the need for significant capital investments post 2025 to really support resiliency, reliability to support the electrification of different industries, continuation of our transmission CapEx program. So I do see that level and more increasing through the back half of the decade.
Jon Taylor: Yes, David. So if you think about just year-over-year, the $0.38, I would say probably 25% of that is coming from OpEx that we accelerated from '23 into '22, our financing plan, which would be permanent the debt tender as well as the open market repurchases that we executed in the back half of last year. Signal Peak is a contribution to the $0.38 offset and then some other, what I'll call, cost initiatives and other benefits that we're driving towards -- round out the difference. There is some timing or some of those benefits that aren't necessarily sustainable into the future, but we are trying to put in programs and controls in place to continue to drive out costs throughout the entire organization. So that's kind of the way that we're thinking about it at this point in time.
Jon Taylor: Well, maybe I'll answer it this way. So the 7% rate base growth, '24 and '25 supports the earnings of the 6% to 8% through that time period. And we continue to look at the capital plans post 2025 and based on some work that we've done over the last year or so, we believe there's even incremental capital to that to support the electrification support EVs and support other reliability and resiliency type of program initiatives. So, I do think you would -- you could see that annual CapEx number start to increase beginning in 2026. But like I said, we'll provide all that color in that detail when we're ready.
Jon Taylor: So yes, so -- so when we sell off the 30%, let's say that the total transmission business by that time would have $11 billion or so in rate base. So 30% of that would be owned by Brookfield effectively.
Jon Taylor: I mean, Julien, it's hard to tell you exactly what the outlook is going to -- I mean, what we're going to provide you. I think, we are going to extend the outlook, and we'll provide the normal detail that we typically provide when we extend the outlook. But I would just ask that we just kind of wait to see -- wait until that time, and then we can provide you all the detail.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I mean, the plan does call for diminishing earnings contribution from Signal Peak. As we've talked about before, we have looked at monetizing our investment that has been difficult -- but we continue to look for those opportunities, and we'll continue to do that into the future. And from a balance sheet perspective, I think the investment on the balance sheet is about $60 million, so not significant given the size of our balance sheet.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, I think if you look at our plan, we're trying to ramp up our formula rate CapEx at about 75% overall 100% of the capital in the transmission business is formula rate, and I think we're targeting 50% by the time we get out to '25 in the distribution business. So a fairly significant amount of formula rate CapEx in the plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Listen, just coming back to the rate base growth question. Just I wanted to understand a little bit more how to think about the net rate base growth relative to the 7% growth disclosed. And how do you think about that accelerating here? I know you said in your comments, you expect to revisit some of the growth later this year potentially. But just to understand like what the baseline is in terms of like net growth back to yourself from rate base and how that might accelerate here just to reconcile the core 6% to 8%? Or alternatively, how much of the outlook when you think about the 6% to 8% is driven by some of the under-earning improvement that you alluded to earlier.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify, when you're ready, that's the event later this year that you're alluding to? And then related to that, just the rate base growth, that 7%, what's the delta that's not owned in terms of the FET sell-down? Just to clarify that as a baseline.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But just to reconcile the outlook here, you're going to provide a roll forward later this year that would include an updated CapEx look beyond '25 that should show an accelerating CapEx budget for '26 onwards? And just trying to set expectations on what that update will look like later this year.
