Jon Taylor: Well, Michael I appreciate the question. At least from my perspective, the equity is an important part of achieving our targeted FFO to debt of 12% to 13%. So if it's not used to pay down pension obligations, it would be used to pay down other balance sheet-related debt. So we are laser-focused on improving the balance sheet, getting it up to that 12% to 13% and equity is a key component of that.
Jon Taylor: If you look at where we're going to be this year, somewhere around 10% to 10.5% FFO to debt, that's not acceptable for us. We want to be at the 12% to 13% and then have a plan to improve going forward.
Jon Taylor: So, Michael, I would tell you that some of the filings that we've made that have not been approved are not in our CapEx forecast currently. So that would be upside to the CapEx programs. What we have that's in our forecast now are those items that have been approved other than, I think, in 2022 and 2023, we do assume that we're going to roll into a grid mod 2 program. So I think that would be the only item out there that's in our forecast that has not been approved.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve. I mean I guess the way I think about it, there are many different alternatives to raise equity capital that would be much more accretive than issuing common equity for instance, something like the Duke Indiana transaction that was announced earlier this year. Obviously, it would have to be in line with our balance sheet priorities. Our focus on long-term customer focus growth. But yes, we're looking at a range of options to maximize value given our equity needs.
Jon Taylor: Well, Julien, I would say that, you know, our adjusted debt levels remaining relatively flat assume up to $1.2 billion of equity. So that's part of the plan to keep, you know, our adjusted debt relatively flat to where it was at the end of 2020. And then from an FFO perspective, I mean, if you're - if 60% of your CapEx program is on formula rates, you're going to see some slight load benefits over the next two or three years as industrial and commercial come back. We have the JCP&L rate case that's going to be implementing new rates at the end of this year, that's going to be cash flow positive at the end of this year and to next year. So that's really going to be driving that incremental FFO of up to $150 million, $200 million a year for the next few years. And if we keep our adjusted debt levels and naturally, you'll grow into that 12% to 13%.
Jon Taylor: Well, Jeremy, I think that's one of the reasons we're looking at a trade like that. I mean, if you just take the Duke Indiana forward multiple, it's like issuing common equity at $50 a share. And so you have to take a look at those types of options when you have an equity need like we do. So I mean I think that's one of the reasons we are looking at, you know, something similar to that type of transaction.
Jon Taylor: Well, I would tell you that, this is Jon Taylor. We have two [Johns] [ph] on the call. So I'll take the first piece of it. And then if there's some follow-up, that John Somerhalder wants to add, we can do that as well. But I do think, you know, the material weakness is important to be remediated as part of our, you know steps around the culture and around the tone at the top, around governance and compliance. So I do think, you know, we spoke a little bit with the rating agencies about the plans around the material weaknesses, so I do think that's important to them. But also, I think what's important to them is just more broadly, you know, the enhancements that we want to make to the compliance program.
Jon Taylor: Yes, we're working through that, Durgesh right now with them. I mean, I think they're going to want to see, you know, us institute some of these enhancements that we've laid out in the FactBook around governance and compliance. You know, as well as maybe some of the detailed controls that we've implemented around disbursements that we spoke of in our prepared remarks. You know, they want to be sure that this type of issue will not happen again, that we have the control structure, the culture to ensure that this type of issue will not happen again or that we built the controls and the culture that would prohibit that type of - those types of issues. So I think they'll be focused on those types of issues.
Jon Taylor: Yes, so Paul, just if you think about last year, decoupling was implemented in the first quarter, so there was an adjustment in the first quarter to true up 2019 revenues to the decoupling level. So that was a piece of it. The other piece of it that was fairly significant was the fact that in 2020, the temperatures were very, very mild. And so the decoupling adjusted for the mild temperatures and the input - and the impact on load. And then a smaller piece was the lost distribution revenues that we - that we're not pursuing collection on. So that - those are the components that made up the $0.10, that kind of - it's like $0.04, $0.04, $0.02 kind of thing. I think, you know, going forward in the second quarter, you'll probably see a $0.03 headwind and then in the third quarter, it'll be a $0.04 headwind. And then obviously, when we get into the fourth quarter that's when we took the charge associated reversing all of that. And so that'll flip for us.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Charles, this is Jon. So you're right, that we did adjust some of the CapEx programs in transmission that was mainly associated with the FE Forward program that we're rolling out, some of that will impact transmission as we look to lower our overall cost structure and become more efficient as we transform the company. We will consider, you know, ramping up CapEx, you know, once we get clarity around the Department of Justice investigation and outcomes. So that's why we kind of took it off the bottom end of the range in those future years to give us a little bit of flexibility if we wanted to ramp up capital, you know, we could get more work done with less money.
Jon Taylor: So it is - it's not necessarily project specific, but it is associated with restructuring some vendor contracts that we've had. We looked at some of the projects from a health perspective and decided to pull back a little bit until we run it through our new process around asset health modeling.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thanks, Steve, for your question. We have engaged with a broad range of parties in Ohio, in open, transparent kind of constructive discussions about a whole range of issues that are pending in Ohio. We had our first broad-based meeting on March 31 of this past quarter, very well attended, represented by folks that represent really all of our customer groups. And in the course of that discussion, we are talking about the Quadrennial Review, the SEET cases, both historical and prospective, as well as many, many other matters. I would say that, in the course of those discussions, I think the parties expressed to us generally an appreciation for the approach that we were taking in Ohio to resolving these matters. And also, generally an appreciation for the actions that the companies taken today in Ohio to move past the issues that we currently face.
Eileen Mikkelsen: I think that conversations with the parties will continue ultimately if there's resolution of matters related to specific dockets, that resolution would be posted to those dockets. But the conversations are outside of the formal proceedings at this point.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Exactly and then I'm going to address the regulatory discussions, and then I'll defer to others on the question with respect to the deferred prosecution agreement. But with respect to the settlement, we are as Steve said, we're engaged in kind of a listening exercise, our first meeting, we spent really just listening to all the parties, what areas were of interest to them and it addressed a broad range of issues beyond necessarily the SEET and the Quadrennial Review cases. So we're going to continue to let that process play out, it's a little too early to call what the outcome will be. But we are committed to being as open and as transparent as we can be throughout the process, listening and trying to react to what's important to the other parties.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, happy to address that question. Thank you. When we look at the impact, is in fact with this Supplemental NOPR that FERC issued, which really, maybe puts to rest this issue of the 50 basis point incentive that transmission organizations have been given for participation in RTO. If we quantify that, it's probably between $0.04 and $0.05 for us on a total basis across all our transmission organizations. But I think it's also important to recognize, this is just a Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking has to go through a comment, reply comment period and then take FERC action. And I would also point out that at the same time, FERC really initiated technical conference with respect to transmission incentives related to performance rate making, shared savings mechanisms in order to incent transmission and that meeting scheduled to occur in September of 2021. So I think there's some puts and takes on what may happen with transmission ROAs and of course, as you might expect, we're going to stay very actively engaged in all of those discussions.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Well, I think - yes, I want to remind folks that January 1st of this year, we actually implemented our JCP&L distribution-based rate case settlement, Jon mentioned how that will be accretive from a cash perspective starting later this year. I think last week FERC approved our JCP&L transmission forward-looking formula uncontested rate settlement, beginning January 1st of this year, we moved our remaining transmission assets to a forward-looking formula rates subject to hearing and settlement procedures. We are scheduled to have a rate case filed in Maryland for our Potomac Edison by the first quarter of 2023. And we're on schedule to file for our three Ohio companies by the end of our ESP, which is May of 2024. And so beyond that, we kind of are continually evaluating how our costs stack up against our revenues to make judgments about if and when it would be appropriate to seek base rate cases.
Steve Strah: Yes, Steve, I want to be sensitive to the ongoing discussions. But at the end, we felt good as a team about the level of engagement. And as we had talked through on our prior call, part of this for us is a listening tour, right, just to listen to the various constituencies, work to understand where we can find common ground. And I think that process is often running just as we had committed to.
Steve Strah: Yes, Julien, on your second point, I'd like to just separate the potential for deferred prosecution agreement from anything that we're doing in Ohio. That - that's the way I'm viewing it right now. And let me just spend a moment on the developments with the Department of Justice, because I suspect I'll get a question later, even. But, you know, the resolution discussions that we spoke of today are constructive in their positive development for our company. As for the details of timing, the potential for fine or penalties I really can't speculate on that at all. And I just do want to say though, I'm encouraged by our dialogue and I'm encouraged that we are certainly going to continue to fully cooperate with the Department of Justice. And I just want to be very respectful of that process and not get ahead of it at all.
Steve Strah: Well I think there's potential for our company very clearly. We have, being a fully regulated transmission and distribution company in a five-state area with a diversity of assets that we have that may well be impacted, of course, in the transition in whatever form it takes to cleaner energy, will certainly benefit our company and I think we're well positioned for that. I believe there's other factors that will come into consideration as the administration goes through the necessary next steps. You know, we have to have a very thoughtful transition embedded in this plan. There are economic impacts, potential reliability impacts for the T&D systems that we want to stay mindful of. And, look, the issue is not going to go away climate and some of the planning in the United States is progressing forward and we all have to do our part. As you look at the overall goals, and you look at our ESG - greenhouse gas reduction goals, you know, we have already placed out there a goal of a 30% reduction in carbon from 2019 levels by the year 2030. And we are on our way to achieving that. And we have a carbon neutrality goal in in 2050. So, you know, I think our goal, our business plan or strategy is consistent with what the Biden administration proposed. But I think there's a lot of work to do to take it from a policy statement to on-the-ground improvements.
Steve Strah: Yes, I think that's excellent, Eileen and I would just add, obviously, our transmission business is very important to our strategy. As Eileen outlined, the $0.04 to $0.05 is a concern obviously, we'll monitor it, but it's not enough to throw our company off track certainly. We also have the advantage as a company to, as I stated earlier, we have a very large footprint of diverse transmission and distribution assets in which we can invest in multiple opportunities, should this development become a little bit more impactful to us.
Steve Strah: Well, as you said, Stephen, it's under review, we are integrating our thinking in terms of formalizing a revised political activity policy. So that's currently under revision. In the interim, I thought it was very important for our company to take the necessary actions that we did in terms of, you know, ceasing, giving the 501(c)(4)s as an example. The activity that we talked about in terms of no disbursements out of our Political Action Committee. We are taking a deep breath, putting a revision together that makes sense that will help define that limited scope in the political arena. And the way I view it is, you'll see increased openness and transparency in what we're involved in accountability around that. And we are going to get involved in things in which I could sit down and talk to any of my employees about or any of our customers about, for example, because it would make sense for our company to engage in it for the - betterment of all stakeholders. And that's just my current view right now. There'll be more to come as we really stand up our new compliance program that John Somerhalder spoke out, but that's just our current thinking right now.
Steve Strah: Well, Angie, the way I would look at it is, we have certainly a lot of moving pieces here that we have to coordinate appropriately. And to the extent, you know, we're going to deal with and fully cooperate with the DOJ, in my view, that's one workstream that we're working on. All the activity that we have in Ohio, which I find, encouraging, but we have a lot more work to do there, that's a separate workstream. We have multiple others that we're working through. The way I would look at it is, to the extent that that may or may not influence our financing plan, we just integrate that into the way the pieces are moving for us. And once again, Jon Taylor outlined the success that we've had in the markets. And I think we are all - with all the moving pieces we have, we're in a stable environment with regard to all of that. So I guess that's perhaps my best way to approach your question.
Steve Strah: The way I would put it is, that decision is currently under review with our company, you know, 501(c)(4)s, when you look at it, there's a societal benefit component to it in which you can help community-based organizations. The other component of it, the way I look at it is, the political end of that spectrum. And that's certainly an area that we are not going to participate in, period. So as we work this through, our going forward measure will be not to contribute to 501(c)(4)s.
Steve Strah: No, Paul, I would not look at it in that way. The way I would look at it is, look, we're going to continue to be an excellent corporate citizen in helping the communities and our customers in the areas in which we work and live with them. And that's the way I'm viewing our giving levels going forward like you know, a large part of it. So, there won't be a large financial impact or embedded savings, I would say.
Steve Strah: Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for being with us today and your continued support. Our leadership team is committed to transform - transforming FirstEnergy into an industry-leader that can deliver exceptional value to our customers and shareholders. And I hope everyone stays healthy and safe. And we'll talk to you all soon again. Thanks.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time and the opportunity. Perhaps, if I can to follow-up on the last couple of questions. First, can you elaborate a little bit more on what we could expect out of any resolution in Ohio? I know you provided some parameters about how you're engaging with stakeholders. But what would you expect to the extent success over here? I mean, could this be more than just resolution to the SEET test for instance? Any additional color would be appreciated. As well…
Julien Dumolin-Smith: …as whether the deferred prosecution agreement is a prerequisite? I suspect not. But I just want to ask that explicitly.
Julien Dumolin-Smith: Right, said differently, status quo, you're already on track to get back through your metrics need to be. And we should be thinking about any incremental equity as addressing any incremental needs that might not come out of the organic business, but rather specific to funding requirements with - PPA or otherwise.
