Mark Clark: I'm sorry, the mic isn't on so I can't hear you. Okay. This is good. You're eating up all 10 minutes. Thank you.
Mark Clark: No, it brings up the FirstEnergy pension to about 90%. That's in line with what we expect. If interest rates increase, the discount rate will go up and that will close the balance of that gap. Now that's FirstEnergy. Allegheny has some mandatory requirements that are little bit less. They are more around 80%, something in that range. We made the contributions on the FirstEnergy side because it's just tax efficient. We're not certain what the government's going to do in terms of some of the tax deductions and things like that. They encourage having these plans in place since the tax deductions, so we're pretty comfortable that 90% is the right number for FirstEnergy. And there are mandatory issues over the other side that we will address as appropriate.
Mark Clark: Right now, that's under study from a standpoint of tax. We can't put them together. We'll look at it 12 to 18 months from now, but Jim will address the fact that both AE Supply [Allegheny Supply] and his generation is being managed as one unit, even though, legally, they may be separate, and they will be for tax purposes for at least the next 12 months. And so at this point, there's really no issue for us to spend much time studying that, and we don't plan to.
Mark Clark: Really, 2 items. First is we believe we have too much inventory, and we're aggressively attacking the inventory. The second is accounts receivable. It's not so much an issue out at FES. They maybe have too strict a credit limit, but we plan on working aggressively. Chuck's group has done a fabulous job in the accounts receivable and aging process, but those would be the 2 areas that we believe that we can aggressively continue to reduce.
Mark Clark: That's a good question. First, we continue to own a small piece of OVEC. We also have a small piece coming in from Allegheny Energy. As we've always said, OVEC does not fit our strategy. We prefer to manage our own units, the results are some peaking units, Richland/Stryker which are around 400, 448 megawatts They're not core to the business when you put them in conjunction to the Allegheny assets. There are some small fiber type assets that we have sold ours off at FirstEnergy, we plan on selling Allegheny's office. And specific answer to your question on transmission, I think we get a phone call every day on transmission, but as Tony alluded to, that's under study. There is no need to look aggressively at that. We have a plan in place that produces positive cash flow for each of the next 3 years without doing anything with the Transmission business other than study it. And at this point, we're very pleased with it. It diversifies our earnings. It helps strengthen the dividend. And it's a great asset to own, and we plan on studying it as Tony alluded to.
Mark Clark: That's a great question, because I don't have to answer it. Jim Lash has all that detail in his presentation. But thank you for getting me off the hook on that last question.
Mark Clark: You did so well on the first 2 questions. We are targeting investment grade, our desire is to move it to the middle of the B range across the board, and the FFO targets that we have would align to that.
Mark Clark: We've looked at all the different options. We also think interest rates are going to go up, premiums will come down. There are some issues that we can get today. There's $500 million due at Allegheny Energy Supply next year, $300 million due at CEI. So there's a lot of debt already coming due, not significant, but still out there. And we have looked at that specifically.
Unknown Analyst -: Mark, could you just give us some insight into what's driving the working capital? Other line is consistently positive over the 3 years.
Unknown Analyst -: I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on your comments on the Smart Grid. If I remember correctly, you said that the company's view is that it doesn't want to impose costs on customers in excess of what -- the benefits that they might enjoy through operational and other savings. And then I think you also said that you're not planning to roll out the Smart Grid at a rate in excess of what's required by the regulatory authorities. Is...
Unknown Analyst -: Have you guys, I guess, try to continue to expand the retail business and maybe go broaden markets, does that -- or would you guys have interest in acquiring further assets? Is that going to eventually lead to that strategy? I mean, obviously, that's at bat, so the areas where you don't have assets, it kind of leads to the conclusion that, that would be somewhere you would be going.
Unknown Analyst -: Got you. And then the second part is, relative to your revenue slide, it looks like the 110 terawatt hours and $6.6 billion of revenue somewhere in the neighborhood of $60, which looks like that $59 that you're expecting. How do you maintain those revenues flat over time from '11, '12 and '13 with capacity prices falling somewhere near $450 million, $470 million.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay. And then you didn't -- I see debt-to-cap targets but I didn't see any FFO-to-debt numbers, and I was wondering if you could talk to where you expect FFO-to-debt to trend towards at the different, like at the unregulated, the corp and maybe the utility generally.
Anthony Alexander: Jim has a lot of detail. He has a specific PowerPoint slide on it. So I'll leave it to Jim to discuss, and you guys are off the hook. And Bill is going to come up and discuss the issue of how we manage our risk and the glide path, and why we believe we create more margin through our retail strategy. Thank you very much.
Anthony Alexander: Well, thanks again for joining us today. I'd also like to thank my team, not only for their presentations today but for their diligence in executing our strategy. This team has a track record of doing what they say it's going to do. We said we'd separate our generating assets and we did, and we're the only utility in Ohio to do so. We said we'd successfully transition to competitive electric markets in Ohio. We did and now the others in the state are scrambling to catch up.  When the economy dropped in 2009, we said we'd achieve $350 million in O&M savings. We did, and those savings are still benefiting our company because they produced a lower cost structure. And we said we'd complete our merger even when the regulatory environment seemed unreceptive to M&A activity. We did, and the merger will be accretive this year ahead of our initial expectations.  Today, we've described our plans for achieving strong financial results with consistent earnings, positive cash flow and a strong balance sheet. We've described how we'll grow our competitive business, accomplish steady improvement in our distribution business and achieve the benefits of the merger. And I'm very confident that this team will, in fact, deliver on these commitments. It is an exciting time for FirstEnergy, and we're looking forward to taking advantage of the opportunities this market, this new organization, this business and our industry will bring to us.  Thank you very much. Now I'll take some questions, if you have any.
Anthony Alexander: There's been a lot of confusion with respect to forwards and how they look at our commodity margin that we're showing as merger savings. The fact of the matter is, the way we look at it is where the margin opportunity is, and the forward prices are not impacting the margin expectations that we laid out initially, or the margin expectations that we're using today with respect to our ability to capture those as part of the merger benefits. So it's really a margin analysis difference between what Allegheny could achieve given their strategy versus our strategy of going to retail.
Anthony Alexander: Yes, it is. As Donny said, he's already locked down about 33%-or-more of it. Well, while I'm waiting for another question, there's one thing I'd like to clarify for everyone. There was a question asked earlier, I think to Jim about the timing associated with capital expenditures for environmental expenditures that we might anticipate as the result of the new rules. Obviously, the 2012 and 2013 capital budgets have a line item that say it could be up to $100 million, and that is burned into the numbers that you've seen today. What we're looking at from the standpoint of additional cost to cover the $2 billion to $3 billion that we may have to spend depending on how the rules work out. The way we're looking at those is basically, we're not likely to see those in this time frame in any significant or substantial amount above what we've already identified. We probably wouldn't start construction on any of those types of facilities until very late in 2013, if then. So it's more likely a 2014 and '15 type of event or beyond. So I hope that clarifies how we're looking at it at this point in time. Right now, we think the $100 million that we have in the budgets for '12 and '13 will help us get through probably the initial kinds of engineering work that's going to be necessary before you can decide what you're going to do at each specific site.
Anthony Alexander: Well, at this point, almost all of that would be in the competitive side of the business. It's all dealing with supercritical plants. We would not anticipate expenditures on the non-supercritical facilities.
Anthony Alexander: I don't -- every unit's going to have to be looked at individually. We only have one supercritical unit that is not scrubbed at this point. Every other supercritical unit we have is scrubbed. Many of them have SCRs on them. Many of them have advanced precipitation equipment on them. Some of our facilities already have bag houses on them. So much of what's going to take place over the next year or so is to understand how all the rules work at a specific site because there's site averaging allowed in some of the rules and how you apply them. So as we look at each facility, each unit, then we'll decide what's the best compliance strategy to meet the requirements that may be in existence for that facility. So again, it's very, very site-specific in the main. You're probably talking about bag houses in many areas and that type of retrofit. But the rest of the basic equipment on our supercritical fleet is in pretty good shape in terms of having scrubbers on, having SCRs on many of the units, having cooling towers on many of the facilities. I mean, we're -- our fleet itself is fairly modern with respect to pollution control equipment at this point.
Anthony Alexander: I'll have Mark get into that, but I think the largest component of that drop off in cash is the bonus depreciation going away. So you're seeing increased federal income taxes at that point, which are not otherwise offset in '11 and '12.
Anthony Alexander: Well, that is the cash component of it. The Signal Peak, as you know, we do consolidate the debt at Signal Peak even though we don't own 100% of that asset. That debt on sale would be deconsolidated. So it would no longer be part of the debt structure of the company.
Anthony Alexander: I'm going to turn that over to Mark. I think they're all going to be with inside the credit rating metrics. So Mark, if you want to add any more color than that, go ahead.
Anthony Alexander: I'll like, lay it out for you, that is our expectation, that is in fact how we're going to manage this business. So whether or not we have opportunities to take out longer-term debt with high premiums, that's just a function of what's the best use of your cash. We clearly have opportunities to take out pollution-control notes that can also be issued at a later date when it becomes more advantageous, if you will, to take and pay additional call premiums on longer-term debt. So there are ways to balance it. We'll hold the debt. We know what we need to accomplish over the next several years. We've laid out a game plan for you, and that's the game plan we're going to follow.
Anthony Alexander: I think somebody already earlier today talked about how many megawatts they think people will shut down potentially in PJM. I'm more focused on what we need to do as a company. And as I look at our options right now, many of the smaller older coal fire fleet just simply would not be economic to put on additional environmental equipment. It's far more economic for us to use that capital that we would have otherwise deployed in a 50-year-old plant to either modernize the fleet someplace else along the mining of the asset strategy that we've laid out, to spend more dollars in terms of making the plants that we already have more efficient, the ones that will in fact survive or to add to the fleet by either expanding at the compressed air facility or expanding our gas facility at West Lorain. So I think those are the trade-offs you make. The best part about FirstEnergy portfolio at this point is that, in fact, it has options within its fleet to replace the generation that might otherwise be lost as a result of these new environmental requirements. And that loss, I think, is identified as about 9 million megawatt hours a year, so not a significant part of the overall fleet generation and well within our capability of increasing the performance of our other facilities to cover.
Anthony Alexander: Okay. Again, thank you very much for your support. We truly do appreciate it at FirstEnergy. And we are working to make this company a very special place to work and a very special place for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest.
William Byrd: I understand completely and I will respectively refrain from providing any numbers. We view the numbers as a competitive issue. And what we're trying to do with that chart is explain the value proposition. We are not going to lay out specific numbers for each of those cost components; that would provide extremely useful information to our competitors in the marketplace in their pricing activity.
William Byrd: It's significant and it's a meaningful value proposition for us to pursue. But again, I respectfully want to refrain from quantifying.
William Byrd: Limited. The merger closed February 25. As of February 25, those entities were managed as one. It was absolutely critical that we have one face in the marketplace. We've internally set up things so that, that is the fact. And that's the issue from a risk perspective. We have a consolidated position report. We manage as one. The legal structure is secondary from a risk perspective. There will be small benefits if we would consolidate, it's not a driver, it's not a high priority. As Mark mentioned, there's tax issues and all that sort of thing. But from a risk perspective, we view it as one already. The legal entities can stay separate.
William Byrd: Our philosophy is similar. The numbers will be different, and our metrics for our fuel book are still under development and being vetted with management.
William Byrd: The lower bound of our glide path, if the retail portfolio does not bring in sufficient volume of contracts, or our participation in polar options does not provide a sufficient hedge percentage, then we would go to the wholesale market and hedge with pure wholesale contracts. It's not our desired mode of operation, but in order to meet our risk tolerance, we would do that. And in that activity, we would be very much cognizant of potential collateral needs and liquidity impacts, and the strength of our balance sheet.
William Byrd: That's something we hadn't talked about. Something we'll consider soon.  With that, let's take a break and maybe if we could reconvene at 9:30, and we would like to adhere to that time, mindful of the folks listening via the Internet. We'll reconvene at 9:30 promptly. Thank you. [Break]
Charles Jones: It's 12.4% return through a formula rate. So what basically works through ATSI is we look at our rate base. We earn 12.4% on that rate base that's within ATSI, which right now is a little over $600 million, and then we recover the expenses annually which drives the revenue requirement for ATSI on an annual basis. On the energy efficiency spending, that number is going to be probably for 2011 in excess of $200 million. We have a number of programs that are filed and awaiting approval. But if they all get approved, it could ramp up even as close to $250 million.
Charles Jones: Okay. On the first question, I think the answer is that what I'm showing you is the allowed rate of return at the transmission company level. What Mark's talking about when he looks at earnings is how the earnings roll up to the Hold Co. level. So obviously, there are things that go on with re-leveraging, if you will, between the two, which drive that difference. On the distribution front, our allowed rate of returns vary from 9.75% to 12.9%, I think, where we tend to try to stay right around those. We might get a little above or a little below, but we manage our investments. That's one of the advantages of having the diversity that we have, is we can move our capital requirements around to kind of balance those needs almost on a real-time basis. So we try to keep them all. And I think on an aggregate basis, I think you would expect to see us kind of stay right around those allowed rate of returns, which should not drive too much in the way of new rate cases.
Charles Jones: Well, I think from a customer's perspective, there could be a lot of benefits. You put a Smart Meter on the house, you give them real-time information about how they're using energy and at some point, real-time pricing as to what the pricing of that energy is. We've got customers right now that have a Smart Meter on their house, and they've got a little handheld device that they can carry from room to room and it tells them in real time how much they're using at that point in time. And it's driving behavior already even without the pricing to match. So I think that's the real benefit from a customer perspective, is they can get smarter about how and when they use their energy. And then that also translates back to the grid management benefit because if you can get customers to use it smarter and to be more flexible, then you can avoid investment that's needed to drive because our whole system is built to manage at a peak-load level. So the more you can do to manage around that peak, that's where the grid management benefits can come in. Okay. Thank you. Turn it over to my partner, Jim.
James Lash: Well, first off is we intend to improve those metrics to top quartile, top decile by, again, as I've said, focusing on the reliability of them; focusing on the material condition and eliminating the human performance issues that take them offline unexpectedly. And secondly, we are assuming that the market conditions will support running those units as they are available for achieving those capacity goals.
James Lash: Well, the cash flow on that $2 billion to $3 billion that I referred to, when we look at those modifications, it does enter into the 2012 and 2013 capital portfolio. Worst case scenario is the $3 billion, and that does put a little pressure on 2013. But a more reasonable scenario really falls within line on the capital portfolio that we've already presented.
James Lash: Well, I don't think the assumption of the 3 million, and I'm repeating myself, I know, is that, that is what we think our capability of -- for the competitive supercritical units by dispatching them, changing the dispatch strategy, ensuring they are reliable, they're ready to run when called upon and that, again, is focused on the plant material condition and human performance, and that the market is there to place those units in service, based on it. And that dispatch strategy would reflect that.
James Lash: There's an asset team right now that is studying those options and I have seen some of the numbers for the projects. For example, the West Lorain project, there's a couple of options there, and they're in the $1,500 per kilowatt range, both of those. I do not have the cost numbers on the gas plant.
James Lash: There is none of it captured specifically as projects, but as you have heard already, we have created some set-aside capital money to implement those projects. And as I've said, if we look at the $3 billion, which is the worst case scenario, the cash flow for those projects puts some pressure on that number for 2013. But again, a more reasonable rollout of that rule, and we won't know for sure until it goes final. But a more reasonable implementation of that rule does fit within our capital projections. Okay. I think that's it. And with that, I'll turn it over to Donny Schneider. Thank you.
Donald Schneider: That's a great question. Relative to Constellation and Exelon, two very, very good companies, obviously, they're going to be very competitive. But one thing that I look at it is that: A, it's good for the marketplace. Constellation and Exelon think very similar to us when it comes to the construct of the marketplace. And so in a lot of ways, I think that they'll be an ally in helping to push forward some of our initiatives on the way that marketplace ought to develop. So sure, they'll be a tough competitor. But in the main, I think it'll be good for us to have that help that we need to push the marketplace forward.
Donald Schneider: Yes, I think really your question is around growth. And I think initially, in the timeframe that we're talking about here, we would look at growth from our existing asset base as we mentioned, as I think Jim mentioned, we're looking at 3 terawatt hours of additional output. Obviously, within our home and close-to-home markets, there's ample opportunity to take those terawatt hours to the marketplace. In addition to that, we'll continue to work on reducing our costs to help grow our earnings contribution. So I think if there's anything from an asset procurement, it would probably be quite a ways down the line.
Donald Schneider: Sure. That's a great question, Steve and I'll take the 30,000-foot shot at it and then I might ask Jim to get a little more specific. Over the last 15 years, one of the things that we've really perfected at FirstEnergy Solutions is being able to take advantage of fuels that are not necessarily attractive to most of the generators. We were one of the first movers to step into Powder River Basin in a big way, and we were able to do that with much less capital investment than some of our competitors. Years ago, we were burning some distressed coals. At one point, when I was running the Mansfield plant, we even burned petroleum coke. It's very high heat. There's some downsides to it. But the bottom line is, is that we will take advantage of every opportunity we can find to reduce our fuel cost.
Donald Schneider: Jim's numbers and my numbers are consistent. So when you look at the slide, I think the 3 terawatt hours are burnt into the slides in 2013.
Donald Schneider: Yes, so that's a great question. And I would have been surprised if I didn't get that question. I think you're probably referring to Slide 38 in the appendix, Slide 37 in the appendix. So on Slide 37 of our appendix, we provided more detail than we have in the past. You can see by year, by sales channel, what our volumes are, what our rates are expected to be and, of course, then the resulting revenue. And so the real question comes down to this: What is my level of confidence of being able to achieve those sales rates at those prices? And it's a very high. If you look at those glide paths that I showed earlier, and that Bill Byrd showed earlier, for 2012, today we have about 66% of the volume locked down. We didn't show the corresponding revenue, but I look at it every week, and today we have about 66% of the revenue locked down. For 2013, we have about 1/3 of our volume locked down. We have about 1/3 of our revenue. So right now, we're right on glide path for both volume and revenue. So confidence is very high.
Donald Schneider: Well, let me address the Pennsylvania piece first. Pennsylvania is obviously working through a process. I think their objective is to figure out how to bring savings to retail customers. And we look forward to working with the state. I think our interests are aligned there. We would like to serve more customers and bring savings to those customers in Pennsylvania. But we'll just have to see how that plays out. State of Ohio, obviously, we've had good penetration. There's still quite a bit that we can do in the state of Ohio. In our Southern Ohio, what we refer to as close to home, we've made penetration in all but one EDC. From a government aggregation perspective, we're going to continue to push in those EDCs. And of course, Illinois has a government aggregation. And with that, I think I'll turn it over to Gary Leidich. Thank you.
