John Somerhalder: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. FirstEnergy continues to make significant progress in its transformation. Yesterday afternoon, we reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.58 per share and operating earnings of $0.79 per share. These results, which Jon will discuss in more detail later in the call, are at the upper end of our guidance and support our expectation for full year 2022 operating earnings in the top half of our full year guidance range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share, assuming normal weather.  In addition to our strong financial and operational performance year-to-date, we continue to execute against our strategy to become a more resilient and forward-looking company that is positioned for long-term stability and success. We are building positive momentum through our ongoing efforts to strengthen our culture, rebuild shareholder trust, accelerate improvements of our balance sheet and drive operational excellence through innovation and continuous improvement efforts. And we are positioning our company to capitalize on significant opportunities for growth through long-term customer-focused investments.  I'm privileged to work alongside the strong leadership team in this interim role, and I'm confident that this team and our committed employees will continue to execute on these strategies to transform the company into a best-in-class utility. And we intend to continue this momentum as we transition to a new Chief Executive Officer. The Board's external search is well underway, and we remain hopeful that we can make an announcement late this year or early in 2023.  The key attributes we're seeking include a strong track record of executive leadership within the utility industry, a demonstrated ability to execute on the regulatory front, leading operational and financial discipline and impeccable credibility with external stakeholders.  Our Board is excited about the future of the company and is confident in the leadership team and our strategy. We expect to continue driving the efforts that are already underway to ensure FirstEnergy is built for long-term success, and it's our expectation that the new CEO will see the same strong future that we see for FirstEnergy.  We are entering this new chapter from a position of strength. As we continue to focus on balance sheet improvements through organic growth and operating cash flow and our plan to sell an additional minority interest in one of our distribution or transmission assets, we will further accelerate improvements in our credit metrics. Improving our balance sheet to be on par with premium utilities will support higher levels of capital deployment to harden and modernize the electric grid to support the energy transition.  Before I turn the call over to Jon, I want to thank our employees for their efforts to move FirstEnergy forward over the last few years. They have been asked to step up time and time again to serve our customers, meet our commitments to stakeholders and stay focused on strengthening our company for the future. They continually rise to the challenge. Their hard work is helping us make great strides towards implementing our strategy and achieving our vision, and the Board remains committed to providing them with the support and resources they need to carry this company forward. I'm confident in the strength and talent of our team and our future.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jon Taylor.
John Somerhalder: The good news is the process is we've made good progress already on it. And we've identified more than a couple of dozen individuals that meet these -- the criteria could be very good. And I would say that the interest level has been solid and strong as well. So we anticipate that we'll have a shorter list but still a list approaching 10 individuals that both are very well qualified, fit very well with our strategy and have interest at this point. We're encouraged at this point.
John Somerhalder: And David, I'd mention that we do see that impact as we move forward, but we have the other positives of just when we look at our ability to fund capital and increasing capital, we have enough cash to pay dividends, do that and the balance sheet improves moving forward.  So just our plan, we'll continue to improve the balance sheet as we move forward. And then obviously, the minority interest sale further accelerates that. So we do have other very positive ways to move the balance sheet where it needs to be even with this 20 to 40 basis points of impact from AMT.
John Somerhalder: Yes. And importantly, I believe the depreciation rate for those dollars are in line with what we see as a logical end of life closer to 2035 or 2040 for the 2 plants. So we have that positive as well.
John Somerhalder: Yes. It is happening in real time. I mean we have not yet reviewed the order or the details, but we do understand that our proposal has been successful to a large extent and something potentially approaching $1 billion of investment over the next 8 to 10 years, which we view as very positive and additive to our plan and why it's so important to have our balance sheet, the strength that we're targeting. So we're pleased with that.  We're very happy to be a part of meeting New Jersey's clean energy needs in a way that really works for the customers. And we're using more existing -- we're using existing right-of-way impacts or less. So we're very positive, but we'll need to review the order and make sure we have more detail like you said, Julien, it's late breaking. And I'd ask Jon, Sam or to update if there's anything else that I missed on that.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I'd add to that. It's not only those items, but as we mentioned, getting the balance sheet where we want it, there's good opportunities, we think, in the benefit -- to benefit our customers on reliability and those type of issues to continue to invest in the business.  So we see with our balance sheet strong, a good affordability position we start at, even though we'll have to take into account commodity prices being up, we do see opportunity to invest more moving forward and grow earnings from those investments.
John Somerhalder: Yes. But we have not made any final decisions on that. I think that's a good option for us to evaluate for our Board to consider but we have not made final decisions on that.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference next month.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Shar, thanks for the question. Obviously it's been a very fluid situation with the pension. During the quarter, the pension improved $0.30 as of the second quarter to close to a $0.20 headwind at the mid-August time frame, and then it's ratcheted back up to $0.45. I would tell you with the moves that we've already made with our financing plan, the OpEx that we're accelerating into '22 and the insight that we have into Signal Peak's earnings for next year, at least the sales that they have locked in at this point in time, we've captured the majority of the $0.30. And we just have a little bit left to do on the remaining $0.30, which we feel very confident in. So with respect to the $0.30, we feel very strong about it. But like we said in our prepared remarks, if it's above $0.30 in a material way, we'll look for opportunities, but we're not going to take the business off track for the long term.
Jon Taylor: Yes, I would agree. I mean, when we made the announcement in September, we had several inbounds from financial players showing strong interest in either a transmission or distribution business. We've had some conversations with several parties, and the interest continues to be strong. So we're continuing to work the process internally, and hopefully, we can get into a position where we can make an announcement either late this year or the first part of next year.
Jon Taylor: The $0.45 -- Steve, I -- it's probably in the same place or maybe modestly improved since September. Interest rates have continued to increase. Corporate spreads have expanded a little bit, which not only impacts the interest costs on the liability, but also impacts the value of our fixed income assets in the trust. So I think it's modestly better than the $0.45, but not significant.
Jon Taylor: Yes. We talked to them just a few days ago, and the conversation was constructive. I think we continue to execute against the plan that we provided them. And we continue to have conversations on timing. I think they're just waiting for -- just want to see us continue to execute. They are interested in what we're going to do with the minority interest sale and how that improves the metrics. And once we get into a place where we can make an announcement, we'll put that into the forecast and start having conversations in. But the conversations have been very constructive. I think it's just a matter of time.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Dave, I think for us to -- I don't know if we were to try to sell the pension obligation, I mean, given its funded status, that might be a little bit of a challenge to offload that obligation to like an insurance company or something like that. So I'm not sure that would be something that we would pursue.  With respect to regulatory mechanisms as we file base distribution cases over the course of the next couple or 3 years, we will absolutely look at ways that we can limit volatility exposure in the pension plan at our regulated companies. So that is something that is definitely on the table at this point in time.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I mean obviously, we need much more clarity from the internal revenue service on the mechanics of the minimum tax. I mean the 20 to 40 basis points is not significant in the grand scheme of things when you think about FFO approaching $3 billion to $3.3 billion over the course of the next handful of years. So obviously for opportunities to offset that either through regulatory mechanisms or just further refinement in our operations. But I think to understand the final impact or the real impact, we just need a little bit more clarity from the IRS.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Well, so Michael, thanks for the question. So I would tell you that we'll file the ESP V sometime next year. We have to make sure that we have a plan to procure generation for our customers beginning in June of '24. We also need to make sure that we have clarity on the capital recovery riders that we have in place and any other types of programs that will provide service to customers like our grid modernization program, any types of energy efficiency programs that we want to put in place.  So I kind of see these as 2 separate work streams [indiscernible] ESP V, which needs to be approved before we get into the June 2024 time period. And then with the rate case that we have to file in May of '24, obviously, we have a history of settling. But given where we are right now, my sense is that's going to be a fully litigated case and might take us out into the late '25 time frame before we get final approval on that.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I wouldn't say the market is robust for that type of asset. Even with commodity prices where they are, I wouldn't consider it a robust market. We've had some interest in terms of people calling us about the asset. But as we started the dialogue, it just didn't make sense. And we're continuing to be open to those types of transactions and those types of discussions. But at this point in time, I wouldn't consider it robust.
Jon Taylor: It's a $140 million capital investment for the affluent limit guidelines. And I think it's in the form of a surcharge that will be covered based on the capital you spend.
Jon Taylor: No, I think I don't have anything else. I mean, obviously, it would be incremental to the plan that we have provided to investors. I think the capital would probably start being deployed sometime in 2024, '25, potentially. So in the last couple of years of our current planning cycle but would be an uplift to our plan going forward. So we're excited about that. But yes, we just -- like John said, need to review the order and make sure we understand it.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Okay, Julien. So let me maybe just take those one at a time. So with respect to Pennsylvania, we're going to file 3 cases next year, New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland. My sense is we'll file those sometime in the first part of next year, you probably won't see new rates until the end of next year or first part of '24 as part of those cases. So I'm not anticipating really any uplift from those 3 cases in the plan for next year, probably start rates effective sometime in '24.  With respect to Pennsylvania, we said we're considering to file a case. The thing about Pennsylvania, it's a forward-looking test year. So we could file that sometime late next year, first part of '24 with rates effective probably 6 to 9 to 12 months thereafter. So I don't anticipate anything from Pennsylvania next year given our current regulatory plan.  With respect to the cost allocations, that's the accounting changes that we've been talking about since late last year, Julien, where we reclassified certain of our costs from capital -- corporate support costs from capital to O&M. That's already in the plan. That's already in the 6% to 8% growth. So there's not going to be any impact from that going forward.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the current LTIP program expires at the end of '24. So obviously, we would have to file another application to expand the LTIP beyond that period. So I think all of that would happen together. And I do see Pennsylvania as an area where we could start to increase our CapEx there just given some reliability enhancements that we want to make.
Jon Taylor: You don't have to have it done. If you were going to explore, like, for instance, a minority interest in our Pennsylvania business, you could do it at the same time, right? You could probably make a filing to consolidate the Pennsylvania companies and file an application to sell a minority interest. Maybe not exactly at the same time, maybe one, the consolidation first, but then the minority interest sale slightly or shortly thereafter, but you could do it commensurate.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the 3 states that we file in next year, if you just look at our total customer bills on a residential basis, we're probably 30 -- 15% to 30% lower than the peers in those state. And so we feel like we have a good story to tell in terms of our customer bills. We recognize that generation prices are increasing. But at the same time, I think it's important to make sure that you have strong and financially healthy utilities to make sure that we can provide the level of service that's needed given the fact that customer expectations are only increasing as we transition to more electrification. So I feel like we have a good story, but we do recognize the concern that you mentioned.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean, I think we've tried to highlight that previously. We feel really good about the plan for next year and beyond. I mean, obviously, we're moving some expenses around this year to help offset '23, which gives us a lot of flexibility going into next year. We're going to have the permanent benefits associated with the debt tender transactions that we previously completed.  And then we have line of sight into Signal Peak's earnings for next year, at least a modest portion of what they plan to contribute to the company. And then we have other opportunities as we've highlighted before around corporate cost reductions, whether it be facilities costs, in our communications, advertising sponsorships that we look at each and every year. So we have a lot of opportunity and flexibility as we think about the long-term growth of the company.
Jon Taylor: Yes. No, I think I highlighted they locked in a modest amount of their production for next year at prices consistent with what we're seeing this year. So we do have line of sight into some level of earnings contribution for '23. So they haven't locked in their full production schedule at this point in time but likely get that done by the end of the year.
Jon Taylor: No, no. So 2 separate filings, Paul. The base distribution rate case we'll file in May of '24. And then the ESP, we'll file for sometime early next year, first part of next year because this is going to take a little bit of time to get that in place and get that approved by mid-'24 when it needs to go into effect.
Jon Taylor: So the ESP, the electric security plan, is a more broad plan that deals with generation service that you're going to be providing to customers, how you're going to procure those services from third-party suppliers, but also allows you to look at your current riders, distribution capital recovery riders, other programs that you want to provide to customers. So it's really everything but distribution rates and distribution rates would be part of the base rate case in '24, which likely won't go into effect at the earliest until sometime late '25.
Jon Taylor: We haven't contemplated that, Paul. If I look at the capital to the equity ratios in those businesses today, they're probably high 40s, if not in the low 50% range. So I wouldn't see a need to make any type of capital contributions into those companies.
Jon Taylor: Yes, we don't have -- for our base, what I'll call our base day-to-day operating, we don't have any type of regulatory mechanisms to mitigate inflationary pressures or anything like that. So it's really us to -- up to the company to manage our operating costs in between rate cases.
Jon Taylor: When you say interim rates, are you just referring to some type of tracker -- so we've seen kind of ...
Jon Taylor: No, I don't think that is something that at least that I've seen. Obviously, we would explore that. But I haven't seen that before, especially in the states in which we operate in. Now I have seen companies get trackers, for instance, for vegetation management or other big spend that they have where they can defer costs over a certain level and then take care of that in the next rate case or have some type of amortization of those costs built into their rates. But right now, we would have to file for a case and then get those types of mechanisms in place going forward.
Jon Taylor: Yes. My sense is we'll file to consolidate first, right? So we're going to -- we'll plan to file sometime within the next couple or 3 months or 6 months, and then we'll likely file a rate case at some point after that.
Jon Taylor: Yes, so Gregg, in the filing, we filed a 10.2% return on equity. So that was what was in our filing.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Obviously, that gives us optionality. We have the option to buy into the offshore component of the project. So that definitely gives us another opportunity to invest in a transmission like investment.
