Steven Strah: I think that's a very good question. And as all of the U.S. and worldwide, we're still adjusting to the impacts of the pandemic. And with regard to that, the impact on our business plan, we see residential loads not only increased over the year, but we see that as an ongoing trend as we get back to whatever will be called the new normal in the U.S. So based on the impact of residential load on our earnings, we see that as promising as we kind of work through the process of getting back to normal. Our commercial and industrial loads, they're basically demand-based. And we see commercial and industrial coming back to normal slowly. But right now, we're trying to figure out whether or not they'll get to pre-pandemic levels. So that's kind of the ongoing assumptions that we're working on. And at the end, we're just going to have to see how we end up getting through the Delta variant, the pandemic and getting everybody back to work over time.
Steven Strah: Well, thanks for that question, too. In terms of Ohio, we're very encouraged by the progress that we've made thus far. It's been a productive, constructive and collaborative approach. And that's the tone that myself and the management team wanted to set as we get about the prospects for a settlement. And we feel as though those prospects are very good right now. I want to ensure that we keep the integrity of the process together so I don't want to get too far ahead in terms of commenting on it. But we're achieving a new and different tone, which I think is resonating. And our goal is to continue to remove, where we can, investor uncertainty in Ohio and derisk some of those concerns in a way. The ongoing effort by our management team is to continue to promote stability and predictability, and that's going to start in Ohio for us. So we're going to keep working on it. We'll keep you updated in terms of our progress. And once again, I'm encouraged.
Steven Strah: Yes. I would say, Julien, I would think of our settlement discussions that we're having right now separate from the 4 audits that are ongoing. And if you'll recall, and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, the corporate separation, the rider DMR, we look at political and charitable spending and rider DCR, each one of those audits are on their own way right now. We're working very hard and have been very open, very responsive to the work that's going on there. When you start to look at the settlement issue, that's more along the lines of the quadrennial review that we talked about in our prepared remarks and other items. So we're kind of working all the proceedings together. And once again, we're being as open and transparent as we can as we kind of walk that path with our regulators and other interested parties in Ohio.
Steven Strah: I think that's a very good question. I think we have started this entire process. And our approach as a company is really starting with a listening tour, if you will. So we're listening. And we're not missing anything that we're getting in terms of our feedback from our past endeavors. And we're trying to apply some lessons into the future. So to the extent Ohio or other jurisdictions, regulators or other interested parties have new and different ways to look at the future, we are certainly open to that. So I think we've explored that entire territory presently in Ohio, and we're going to remain open to that. And I don't want to kind of open the door too far to what we're attempting to do in Columbus right now. But once again, I'm encouraged that all the parties are meeting around the common table for the common good. And for us, that's keeping the customer at the center of that equation. And we've been encouraged by that. So once again, it's around openness and just being able to think differently than what we have had in the past.
Steven Strah: Yes. Well, Shar, I'll take the first cut at that. And if you don't mind, I'll turn it over to Jon. But at the end, when we look at our current opportunity, we've got all the pieces in front of us and we're evaluating all of our options. In terms of our prepared remarks and what Jon has shared, we feel as though we have the right strategic options in front of us right now. And we are not taking anything unnecessarily off the table. But at the end, we think we're in a very good place where we can propel this company forward and do that without sacrificing what I believe is a very strong footprint, a very strong business plan and a very strong strategy as being a pure-play T&D kind of regulated environment. And we feel very good about that presently in terms of what we've expressed publicly. And we're just going to continue to work our plan right now. Jon, I don't know if you have anything to add there.
Steven Strah: Yes. I think, Jon, that's right on target. I would just add that it's more than that for us as a company in terms of an investment opportunity. It's around the value the customer sees. And we've been able to demonstrate as we invest in transmission that reliability has continued to improve, and that's very important for us as it is obviously for our customers. So we try to keep that firmly in play in terms of the equation.
Steven Strah: Yes. Well, Angie, we certainly understand the importance of the dividend, its placement within our business plan. And we know how important it really is. Currently, our approach remains unchanged. Our payout range is 55% to 65%. If you were to take a gauge of it right now, we have a potential to be within that 60% range with a 4% yield. And obviously, I don't want to get ahead of our Board of Directors. Our Board reviews this on a routine basis. And I would just say, Jon has done a very good job of talking about some of the key pieces that are in front of us right now. The clarity in Ohio that we're seeking, and that I'm confident we'll get to here, along with the potential for a minority stake sale in transmission. And it's our ongoing quest to get to that investment-grade level that we're working towards. And once again and just to reiterate, we are working towards a 13% FFO-to-debt ratio to put balance sheet concerns beyond us. So we've got some wood to chop, so to speak, and we're working our process right now. And a dividend discussion is obviously ongoing with our Board as we move ahead.
Steven Strah: Yes. Michael, this is Steve. I'll take the second half of that question. And look, I believe that we're in a great spot as a company to not only continue our plan in terms of fortifying the transmission and distribution business that we have before us with very good classic investments, I would call it, to improve customer reliability, while maintaining very affordable rates is kind of number one. So I see that moving ahead. Beyond the offshore wind, I believe, as we seek and end up receiving greater clarity on the clean energy transition that the U.S. is going to continue to move ahead on, I think that's going to provide us great opportunities both in the T&D environment to continue to invest and embrace renewables. And we're certainly very excited about that opportunity. Beyond that, it's also taking emerging technologies that are coming towards us that are much more affordable for customers, such as smart meter and other items, in which we're going to prepare a T&D platform for renewables over time. And I think those opportunities not only exist on the transmission system, but they exist in each one of our jurisdictions. So I think it's very -- we've talked about this before. It's very important that we keep the customer in the center of that equation in which we can enrich the value we're providing them, but we keep affordability in mind. So we can get into more details over time about individual initiatives that we could pursue. But once again, I think we have a very great in that realm. Relative to JCP&L, I think I'll turn that portion of the question over to Jon.
Steven Strah: Yes, Andrew, I'll give you my cut at that. And the way I like to think about that is, look, our company has faced significant uncertainty in the last 18-month period. And we've done what is prudent in terms of just ensuring that we can maintain financial flexibility in the present tense and then increase it in the future tense, if you will. And I think we've done a very good job of managing that. I believe our transmission investment opportunities, while we curtailed them slightly this year, I think you'll see us continue to ramp that up incrementally just to make sure also that we stay within our sweet spot within that. In other words, we don't want to go too far in terms of burdening customers in terms of cost. But once again, we are seeing continued reliability improvement. So I think that's really important for us. When you factor in the potential for a minority stake sale within the transmission business, I think that's only going to, if executed, fortify our company moving ahead, strengthen our business platform, strengthen our balance sheet. And I think that will provide a greater opportunity to invest into the future. And once again, I think all of these pieces, while we can't be more definitive today, I think they're starting to align nicely. Not only the minority stake consideration working towards some type of settlement in Ohio that once again will help our business and relieve some level of uncertainty out in the market, I think all of these pieces are starting to work forward very nicely. Our main concern is we continue to do that is -- just to make sure that we keep our company between the guardrail, so to speak. We have to continue to execute. We've got to continue to keep our employees and the public safe, be concerned with our reliability, ensure that financially that we're performing not only for shareholders, but all stakeholders. And we feel very good about where we're at right now, even though, as I said earlier, we have work to do.
Steven Strah: Great. Well, thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very proud about the progress that we've made to transform not only our business, but our culture as a company. And that will remain front and center for me as CEO. We're continuing to achieve our financial, customer service and ESG goals. We have more work to do. But I am very confident that we're going to continue to deliver long-term value for our shareholders, employees, our customers and our communities that we serve. So we look forward to talking to many of you at EEI. And I just wish all of you and your families continued safety and great health as we continue to work through this pandemic. So with that, all the best, and thank you once again for joining us.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steve. This is Jon. That's our preference, obviously. We want to try to get clarity around where we're going to be with Ohio. So we -- like Steve said, we're working as hard as we can to get to a resolution on this issue. As we talked about, the collaborative nature of the meetings and the discussions has been very productive, but we're not there yet.
Jon Taylor: So Steve, I would tell you that the process for FET is going very well. We're very happy with what we're seeing. The interest is very strong. The preliminary indications on valuations are very supportive of our financial goals. And it's better than the messaging than we've talked about before. But we're not done, and we have some work to do on that process. I just think, for us, it's important that we continue to think through how to best position the company going forward and ensure we have financial flexibility to support incremental and strategic CapEx, such as formula rate CapEx. So we continue to think through different alternatives to accomplish this. And my sense is we'll be in a position sometime in the next few weeks to give you an update on that.
Jon Taylor: So I think we need to work through Ohio and where we're going to be there. But my sense is we could be there by the end of '23, maybe first part of '24. But I think we need to get through a few things, and then we'll be able to provide you a better outlook on timing.
Jon Taylor: Yes. To answer that question, comparable and better. So that should hopefully give you a sense of what we're looking at. But we're still in the middle of the process, so there's still a lot of work to do there. And as I just told Steve, I think everything is on the table in terms of the go-forward plan. And so we continue to think through how to best position the company going forward. And like I said, I think we'll be able to communicate our plan in the next few weeks.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I think we'll be in a position to give you targeted rate base and earnings growth rates. We'll give you '22 guidance. We'll give you '22 cash flow, '22 capital and then high-level capital plan for our planning horizon. So I think we'll be able to give you that kind of look in the next few weeks. And the answer to your second question is yes. I mean if you just look at our earnings year-over-year this year, it's at 9%. Recall we even backed down on some capital this year. So my sense is we'll have normal utility growth.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Shar, I would just say, as we thought about all of our different assets before we started the process with FET, we thought about, one, making sure that we could raise equity in an efficient manner for our shareholders. I think FET is going to definitely check that box. But just as important is a business that we could attract sophisticated high-quality investors where we can align on governance and business strategy type of issues. And I think from where we are today, FET meets all those criteria for us. It's going to be a very efficient capital raise. It will be accretive to earnings. The investors that are in the mix are top-notch quality firms. And they're very supportive of the business plan and very supportive of future transmission opportunities.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So Angie, I'll try to take both of those. So just in the transmission business, year-over-year, our investment program has added about $0.05 in earnings through September. Now that was offset with some additional interest expense from our revolver borrowings earlier this year as well as the long-term debt issuance at FET back in, I think, the March time frame. And then we had those, what I'll call, $0.02 of formula rate true-ups, where really -- those are accounting true-ups of a prior year forward-looking rate. We typically use projected rate base, and we true that up to actuals in the following year. And a lot of that is associated with deferred taxes and the like. So those are your primary drivers. We continue to be very optimistic about our Energizing the Future program. And it provides a lot of opportunity for us to grow this company in the future. With respect to your second question, I think that's too early to tell and some details that we probably don't want to get into at this point in time. But once we have clarity in all of that, we'll obviously provide that to you.
Jon Taylor: No. No, Angie. I mean, we're just working the process. I mean, we launched the process earlier this year, and it just takes some time. We're not going to make a decision on something that significant just to communicate it on an earnings call. We want to make sure that we do it right and that we have the right structure in place, and we're just following our process.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I think we'll probably give you a 3- to 4-year look on CapEx. So '22 to '25, something like that is probably what we're thinking.
Jon Taylor: Well, so I think we've talked about looking at alternatives in lieu of those equity issuances. And so that's why we've been looking at the minority interest sale at FET and considering other alternatives. So I think we'll be able to give you the longer-term look once we get some clarity on a few things. But I think what we're considering now is in lieu of those issuances in '22 and '23.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I don't know if I can give you all those details right now. I think we need to probably wait until we get some clarity in Ohio. And obviously, we want to be able to articulate to our investors our plan to get to 13%. We also want to think through, ensuring that we have financial flexibility for additional CapEx, specifically formula rate CapEx. So as we think about our overall plan, we'll put all of that into the mix and provide you a longer-term outlook, including our financing plan.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Michael. So we started the year, if you recall, at probably around a 6.5% return on equity in New Jersey for 2020. We implemented the base distribution case 1/1 of this year. And so we've gone from 6.5% to 8.2% in terms of the ROE. And my sense is that will continue to increase as we roll on the full 12 months of the base distribution case. I think you'll always be a little bit below your allowed return on equity there just because of regulatory lag, but we should be closer to that in the fourth quarter.
Jon Taylor: Yes. DISC revenue is turned on, with the exception of Penn Power, and we're working through a little bit of an issue there with some cost recovery. But for the other 3 companies, the DISC revenue is turned on.
