John Taylor: Good morning. It's great to speak with you today. Consistent with our normal practices, you will find all reconciliations along with other detailed information about the quarter in the strategic and financial highlights document that's posted to our website. Now let's review our results. As Chuck said, we reported second quarter GAAP and operating earnings of $0.57 a share, which is near the top end of earnings guidance. In our distribution business, revenue has increased compared to the second quarter of 2019 as a result of higher residential usage, incremental rider revenue in both Ohio and Pennsylvania, and higher weather related usage. This benefit was offset by the absence of the Ohio DMR revenue, which ended in July 2019 and higher expenses, including non-deferred COVID expenses, I'll describe in a moment. Total distribution deliveries decreased slightly compared to the second quarter of 2019 on both an actual and weather adjusted basis. Heating degree days were approximately 27% above normal and 58% higher than the second quarter of 2019, while cooling degree days were 2% above normal and 6% higher than the same period last year. The stay at home orders in our service territories drove an increase in total residential sales of 17.1% or 14.8% on a weather adjusted basis, compared to the same period last year. In the commercial customer class, we saw a sales decrease of 14.4% on an actual basis in 14.5% when adjusted for weather compared to the second quarter of 2019. And in our industrial class, second quarter load decreased 11.7% compared to the same period last year. As Chuck indicated earlier, the increased residential volumes more than offset the decrease in C&I load from a revenue perspective, for a benefit of $0.04 per share in the quarter. Let me spend a moment on our COVID related expenses, which impacted earnings by about $0.04 per share in the quarter. As Steve mentioned earlier, all of our utilities are able to defer uncollectible expenses that are incremental to amounts included in base rates, as well as other COVID related costs in New Jersey, Maryland, and West Virginia.  Uncollectible expense increased in the quarter due to the pandemic and reduced earnings by approximately $0.02 per share. This represents the amount of uncollectibles currently being collected through base rates, and as a result could not be deferred. The remainder of our increase in uncollectibles was all deferred for future recovery with no impact on earnings.  While the pandemic is still very fluid, we continue to expect that deferral mechanisms we have in place and our focus on managing O&M spin will mitigate the impact of COVID costs and keep us on track to meet our financial commitments. In our transmission business, earnings decreased slightly, primarily due to higher net financing costs, and the reconciliation of the estimated versus actual true-ups of our 2019 formula rates. We continue to see earnings growth associated with our ongoing energizing the future transmission investment program. And in our corporate segment, our results reflect higher operating expenses, compared to the second quarter of 2019. Before we open up the call to your questions, I'd like to discuss a few other financial matters, starting with our pension performance. As a result of our conservative investment strategy, which we described last quarter, our pension plan continues to outperform the turbulent market. Asset returns were at 5.7% as of June 30, and as of today, we are around 9% tracking above our 7.5% annual target. Our investment committee has taken prudent steps to further de-risk the plans asset allocation in anticipation of additional market volatility with the goal of preserving the plans year to date asset returns and to protect the plans funded status, which remains unchanged at 77%. Finally in June, we successfully completed the refinancing of $750 million in FirstEnergy Corp. debt at a blended rate of 2%. We also completed $175 million debt financing at Potomac Edison and in July we completed a $250 million debt financing at CEI. Our liquidity remains strong at $3.5 billion, with our credit facilities in place through December 2022. In light of the current investigation, I want you to know that we are currently compliant with all covenants and can make the necessary representations and warranties as required under our credit facilities to borrow money. In regard to our financing plan, our debt maturities are minimal through 2021 with only $74 million expiring next year, and our new money requirements are very manageable with only two transactions remaining in 2018 totaling $250 million in only four transactions in 2021, totaling $575 million. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Chuck for some closing comments before we begin Q&A.
John Taylor: As I said, the underlying financials of this company haven't changed. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We're moving into the 12% to 13% range. You know, S&P has a 12% threshold there. We're not going to go below that. If they were to downgrade us as a result of this news, as I've said, it's our job to get this news behind us and when that happens, I would expect them to restore the rating that's appropriate.
John Taylor: Hey, Michael, this is John. You know, as you look at the seat test, you know, we filed that back in May a 10.9% return on equity. The two biggest drivers in that, there were some lower costs in 2019 versus 2018, lower interest cost and then we had some one-off expenses in 2018 that we incurred, but the bigger impact was that the Ohio utilities paid a dividend up to FE Corp. probably a little bit more than they have typically done in the past just because they hadn't paid a dividend in quite some time. So that was the key driver in the increase in the return on equity. I don't foresee any issues at the 10.9%. We’re well below the thresholds. And I think that will be – will resolve itself over some period of time. I can't remember the regulatory timeframe, maybe Eileen, if you want to talk through the regulatory timeframe on when that gets approved or how the process works for the seat.
John Taylor: Hi Durgesh. This is John. I think, you know, if you look at this second quarter load on a weather adjusted basis, you were down 4%, residential was up 15, commercials down 15, industrials down 12, I think you could probably assume the total, you know, 4% load reduction off a prior year will be consistent, but my sense is the mix will be different. We're starting to see residential come down slightly. We're starting to see commercial improve slightly and industrial improved slightly. So, I think the mix will be, you know, different, but the load in terms of just total load versus last year will be fairly consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. With respect to COVID related costs, you know, we have the deferral mechanisms on uncollectible expenses, and all that's been recorded up to what we have in base rates. So, I don't anticipate any issues there. And the other COVID costs that we're incurring in the main, they're not that significant. So, I don't anticipate any impact from COVID in the third quarter.
John Taylor: Yeah. So, this is John. So, I think what you see in our Ohio utilities, financial statements and what's included and see, obviously we start with what's in the financials, but there are exclusions per the regulations and adjustments that you need to make in order to calculate the seat. And so, you know, I don't have the list of adjustments on the top of my head here and probably wouldn't be a good use of time to go through every single adjustment on the call, but there are certain adjustments that we make, not only in the income that's reported by the utilities, but also in the equity that's reported by the utilities. It is a rolling 13-month average equity balance that's used to calculate the 10.9% or the 8.8% in the previous year. So, there are some adjustments that we would just need to walk through, and we could do that offline, if that makes sense.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, John. There was an erroneous media report that FirstEnergy had held an investor meeting yesterday. No such meeting happened. So, if anyone was feeling left out, I wanted to make that correction. In my earlier comments, I tried to candidly address the investigation by speaking from the heart and giving you a sense of where we are and what we currently know.  As we move to the Q&A, I would really like to let my prepared marks stand. Please recognize that I won't be able to speak to any great detail on many of your questions. I appreciate your understanding on that. And I really hope we can focus the Q&A on the great quarter we just reported on. Now we'll take the first question.
Chuck Jones: Well, first, let me take the second half first, and as of November 16, when we essentially made the competitive generation business non-core, FES separated fiduciary, financially, and operationally from being a part of FirstEnergy. They put in place an independent board, and from November 16, I've had no input into any of the decisions they've made. Obviously, we've had a lot of discussions between the two companies as it relates to transition shared services and so forth, but in terms of decision making authority mine ended in November of 2016. On your specific question, as I've said, I'm not going to get into the details of the case, but I will say this, that of the funds that are referenced in the Department of Justice affidavit, FirstEnergy’s share of that is about 25%. And in the context of 5.5 years of meeting or exceeding every earnings commitment that we've given you every quarter, we do make prudent decisions to spend corporate funds on issues that we believe are important to our customers and shareholders. Beyond that, we intend to provide the details on what we spent, how we spent it to the Department of Justice in the coming weeks. 
Chuck Jones: No, I'm not going to talk to that. I talk to a lot of people, I text with a lot of people. I’d probably text more than I talk these days, so we have to see what they're talking about. I can tell you this, in every meeting, every phone call, every text message that I participate in, I talked about our obligations to conduct our business transparently, ethically, professionally. I have no worries that I did anything that wasn't that way and we let the merits of our arguments carry the day when we are operating in a political environment.
Chuck Jones: Steve, our share was 25%. I'm not going to speak for the other side. You're going to have to go talk to them.
Chuck Jones: Well, the interesting thing about that is it's all – you know it's all – we don't know who spent it because it was spent through similar organizations, legal 501C4 organizations, where donors aren't and I don't know the amount that was spent on the other side. But clearly, this was a provocative, difficult issue in the state of Ohio. A lot of money was spent on both sides of this issue, particularly after House Bill 6 was passed and it got into the referendum process, the process of gathering signatures, the media ads, there was a lot of money spent on both sides and 501C4s were used on both sides. 
Chuck Jones: Right now, we're planning to do an internal review of everything involved in the affidavit, which obviously is going to be necessary for us to respond to the questions in the subpoena. I think the Department of Justice review is the most important review that needs to get going and get completed.
Chuck Jones: Well, in November of 2016, we were providing on the order of $300 million worth of corporate shared services to the generation business. The process of winding all that down went all the way to the date where they emerged from bankruptcy and even beyond that. I can't tell you the specifics of when each individual functions ceased to be performed by the transition shared services agreement and when FES or Energy Harbor started to do that on their own. I can't answer the question of whether our executives were involved in the running of FES or Energy Harbor at any point after November of 2016. And the answer is no, we were not involved. We created corporate separation for a reason. We had to get about negotiating, you know, a plan of separation with FES, its bondholders, its creditors. There's no way we could have done that by operating on both sides. So, we severed those ties. We were not involved in any way in the decisions made by FES.
Chuck Jones: Well, let me say this, we do employ lobbyists. When we do, we expect them to act in the same ethical manner that we hold ourselves accountable for. The lobbyists named in the affidavit and subsequently arrested did not work for FirstEnergy on House Bill 6. And to my knowledge, they have never worked for FirstEnergy. Who they worked for? I'm not sure, but I know they did not work for us.
Chuck Jones: External Affairs was one of the areas that they separated very quickly and put in place their own Vice President of External Affairs, began working with their own law firms, began working with and hiring their own lobbyists. We were virtually out of the External Affairs business for FES very shortly after November of 2016. So, it's a bad assumption to assume that we were doing that for them, we were not.
Chuck Jones: Yes, I think you should think about it more in terms of Administrative Affairs that we were providing them, payroll, HR services, some, you know, financial services, IT services, those types of things we were providing. You know, it took a while to figure out how to get that all separated, but the things that are involved with leading and running a company, all separated very early.
Chuck Jones: I bracketed the amount of money that we spent on House Bill 6, I'm not going to get into the details of how we spent it on this call.
Chuck Jones: Well, to my knowledge, I've never articulated anything that what we've publicly said. And I think I've said that I have made no definitive retirement plans and it certainly won't be this year, and I absolutely am not going to – you know, not going to – not do my part to help restore the reputation of this company to what it truly deserves.
Chuck Jones: The FES selected independent directors and I think Donnie Schneider, who was the President of FirstEnergy Solutions was on the Board, but no FE executives served on that Board.
Chuck Jones: I would just say that – so first of all, our statement was that we believe that FirstEnergy acted properly in our dealings on House Bill 6. We can't speak to what happened by anybody other than FirstEnergy. The financial support we provided to House Bill 6 isn't complicated. We know what we did. We know why we did it. We're looking forward to sharing that with the Department of Justice. That's what gives me the confidence to be able to say that we acted properly. 
Chuck Jones: Alright, so the first question is if House Bill 6 is repealed, what else happens? I mentioned in my prepared remarks that House Bill 6, when it went into law, actually resulted in a rate reduction for our customers despite the surcharges related to the nuclear plants and that was as a result of some of the, you know, previous payments that were being made for customers for renewable energy charges. It would depend how it’s repealed, how it's replaced, if at all. On what happens with those renewable energy surcharges on the decoupling piece, you know, decoupling provisions in the House Bill 6 can have many benefits. You know it provides rate certainty for both customers and shareholders until our next base rate case. You know, in the case of shareholders, it could provide a benefit depending on whether during a normal economic downturn, but right now, as I've said, with loads up due to workers being at home as a result of the pandemic combined with hot weather last month and this month, decoupling is actually providing a benefit to the customers. So, you know, if decoupling goes away, those are the types of benefits that are going to go away.
Chuck Jones: It's a few pennies of share, probably maximum, that it would benefit us. And as I said, if it's not there, the real risk is also shared by customers because they'd be paying a whole lot higher electric bills this summer than they're paying.
Chuck Jones: No, there's no change in our settlement agreement with FES and its bondholders, creditors and all of the other parties. The plan of reorganization was not contingent on House Bill 6 or any other support for the nuclear plants. There's no true-ups, any other financial obligations from FE to FES other than what was in our agreement that was approved by the court.
Chuck Jones: Well, the last I know, they were sitting on $900 plus million of cash. I don't – you know I can't speak for what's going on out there. That was a public announcement they made back in March. I don't – I'm not sitting here at all worried about that part of what used to be part of our company.
Chuck Jones: I think in the short-term, we wouldn't do anything drastic. We wouldn't change our plan. And we would work to get them to the point where they're comfortable restoring our rating.
Chuck Jones: It'd be really nice. We got about 15 minutes left, if we could actually talk about the great quarter that we had at some point here.
Chuck Jones: I would just say this, I think that the CEO reference in some of that affidavit wasn't me. I don't know who it was, but it was not me and I've never made a payment directly to a lobbyist in my life nor asked any lobbyists to make a payment to anyone else on behalf of our company in my life.
Chuck Jones: I don't have any more color to provide. I pretty much shared everything that I discussed with them and I think he didn't mean to read what they wrote and call them if you have more questions.
Chuck Jones: There wasn't a full rate review to implement the coupling, I would hardly think that there would be one to decoupling.
Chuck Jones: Durgesh, you have – you do not understand correctly. We have no obligations for nuclear decommissioning. We have no direct obligations for any coal ash. We put in place a surety bond, as part of our agreement that we negotiated with FES to ensure the coal ash mitigation happened properly, but that bond is in place and it was part of our Separation Agreement that was approved by the bankruptcy court, and we have no other ongoing financial obligations. 
Chuck Jones: Thank you. Hey Charles, and also I saw you quoted in some of the media earlier this week. Thank you for the vote of confidence.
Chuck Jones: Thank you, Charles. Alright. Thank you all for your support. Thanks for at least getting a few questions on the quarter. We'll talk to you again when it's appropriate. Take care.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thanks, John. The processes as you said, each year we make a filing in May reporting on our prior year's earnings, consistent with the statutory language with respect to the significantly excessive earnings test. At that time, we really wait for the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to establish a procedural schedule for folks to provide comments on that seat filing, and then make a determination of whether or not we need to move to hearings or not move to hearings before they make a judgment about whether or not we have significantly excessive earnings. But John, as you said, with the filing at 10.9% we are not concerned that we have significantly excessive earnings in our Ohio utilities.
Eileen Mikkelsen: There is no procedural schedule established as yet for resolving the 2018 seat proceeding. So, we await the establishment of a procedural schedule and then we will act accordingly, but again, that 2018 filing was 8.8% and so on a consolidated basis. So, again, no concerns that we have significantly excessive earnings in Ohio in 2018.
Eileen Mikkelsen: It's Eileen. Thinking of the adjustments like John, we can take this offline, but coming to mind for example, Ohio Edison has Penn Power as a subsidiary, so we have to adjust Penn Power out because that is not relevant to the Ohio ratemaking formula. So, there's things like that that are included that are necessary adjustments in order to meet the statutory test.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks Chuck. With respect to DCR in Ohio, I would agree we are on autopilot through the end of our ESP, which is currently in effect through May of 2024.
