James F. Pearson: Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the discussion of our results, I'll remind you that detailed information about the quarter can be found in the consolidated report to the financial community, which is posted on our website. Our strong operational performance and financial discipline across the company are reflected in our third quarter 2017 GAAP results and our operating earnings, which as Chuck said, came in well above our guidance for the quarter. Third quarter earnings in the distribution business increased by $0.05 per share compared to the same period in 2016. The increase was driven by the new rates that went into effect in Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania in January. Cooling degree days were 3% above normal, but 27% lower than the same period of 2016. This drove a 7% decrease in total distribution deliveries compared to the third quarter of 2016, with sales to residential customers decreasing 14% and commercial deliveries down 6%. On a weather-adjusted basis however, total distribution deliveries increased slightly in the residential and commercial sectors compared to the third quarter of 2016. And industrial sales continued their positive trend, with growth of more than 1% compared to last year. In our transmission business, third quarter earnings benefited from higher revenues, resulting from our continued investment in the Energizing the Future program. In the Competitive business, our results were flat compared to the third quarter of 2016. While commodity margin reflects lower contract sales rates and the expected decline in retail sales, it was offset by lower operating expenses, including depreciation, O&M, fuel and general taxes. FES' total retail customer count is now about 842,000 compared to 1.4 million a year ago. We are raising our 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance for the Competitive business to $525 million to $555 million, primarily reflecting the delay in the Allegheny Supply gas and hydro asset sale and lower operating expenses. We are very pleased with our results for the first three quarters of the year and the progress we've achieved on our strategic initiatives and we are especially pleased that S&P updated its outlook of FirstEnergy in August from negative to stable, reflecting their confidence in our efforts to become fully regulated. We will continue our focus on meeting our commitments to shareholders and executing our regulated growth plans. Before we open the lines for your questions, Chuck has an additional comment.
James F. Pearson: Hey, Jonathan, this is Jim. That's primarily driven by a lower effective tax rate slightly offset by the bond offering that we did earlier this year. So, we would expect that benefit to carry through to the remainder of the year and that's where we updated our guidance there midpoint.
James F. Pearson: That's correct, Greg. Last year, when we made our actuarial assumption, we had a discount rate of 4.25%. Right now, it's just above 4%.
James F. Pearson: Yes, Greg. That'll go up slightly and we'll revise that when we get to the end of the year and finalize what our actual returns were on the assets as well as what the final discount rate is. And as you know, we don't measure that until December 31. It's whatever the rate is at the end of the year.
James F. Pearson: No. We've never done that for FES in particular, but the rule of thumb on a change in the discount rate, it impacts liability by about $250 million.
James F. Pearson: From our standpoint, we did have a very successful bond offering. From my standpoint, I don't see us increasing that capacity any. In fact, I think Chuck and I would like to decrease the leverage at the holding company somewhat. We do have capacity where we could issue several billion dollars more in debt, but that is not in any of our plans at this point.
James F. Pearson: Paul, you're right. Right now, it's a three-year period. It goes through 2019. It's our expectation that we'd likely file early in 2019 for that extension.
James F. Pearson: Yeah, I think it's important to get that settled. We believe that the 10.3% rate, it is consistent with current market conditions and consistent with our other transmission. So, we think it's valuable to get it settled and get the rates in place and move forward and start devoting some capital there.
Charles E. Jones: Thanks, Jim. I know you're eager to ask questions and I won't keep you long, but I wanted to take this opportunity to reinforce an important message. I've always said I believe very strongly in transparent communications and today we provided a comprehensive update on the status of affairs at FES. So, while I'm sure you will have many questions about the status of negotiations with creditors and their advisors, we have been very clear that we will not conduct these negotiations in public. We recognize the varied interests of our stakeholders, but we're also aware that some have an interest in floating rumors about our company. I urge you to only rely on information that comes directly from us and you will only find that in a public forum or filing. Now, let's take your questions.
Charles E. Jones: Julien, I don't think there's any connection between them. We're moving forward with our efforts to exit the commodity-exposed generation business. I mentioned that we began or FES began discussions with the creditors in September. Those discussions are ongoing. I know that they opened up a data room and there's a lot of due diligence going on. I think that's going to probably take some time to get to closure. And I said in my remarks, I think the preferred outcome is to get a settlement with creditors. So, the DOE effort, if it stays on the track that the Department of Energy set up, which is an end of December 11, I think that they're going to happen all in the same timeframe, but I don't think there's any delays going on anywhere. We're moving forward and we're watching to see what happens out of the DOE.
Charles E. Jones: I want to be very clear too. FirstEnergy's strategy is to become fully regulated. We have no interest in maintaining generating assets that have commodity exposure and we're moving forward with exiting the commodity-exposed generation business.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we don't want to give it all away today, but, yeah, I think you would expect a little more holistic look at what's happening with our loads and any impact that might have on the growth rates that we've given previously. And we plan to give you a more clearer view of where we think our future is right now.
Charles E. Jones: So, we have publicly stated an intent to issue $1.5 billion of additional equity between now and the end of 2019. We intend to move forward with that. I would say we reserve the right to decide how and when to do that, but the total amount isn't going to change and it's going to be done by the end of 2019.
Charles E. Jones: Well, Stephen, let me just say this. I don't think the DOE initiative has anything to do with FirstEnergy despite what's been reported in some of the media. I think it has to do with preserving critical fuel-secure baseload generating facilities. And I think that that's what it will do whether FirstEnergy owns them or whether FES creditors own them or whether FES creditors sell them to a third party that we don't even know of today. I think the most important thing that they are focused on is correcting the market deficiencies that do not compensate these plants for the attributes that they bring to the grid. Beyond that, I don't think it's appropriate for me to speculate on any outcomes. When we have the outcomes, we'll react to them.
Charles E. Jones: So, Angie, we haven't decided yet and I would say, when we issued it into the pension plan last year, it was I think a very successful way to do it. But as I said, we are committed to doing $1.5 billion between now and the end of 2019. We're reviewing the timing of that all the time and we'll go to our board at the appropriate time when we're ready to do that.
Charles E. Jones: I think it's all of the above. I think the fact that New York and Illinois have – already taking measures to protect these fuel-secured nuclear facilities in particular, the DOE initiative on top of it, the fact that other states concurrently are looking at it, all are creating an awareness about what's going on in our nation and the importance of these assets to not only physical security, but also economic security. So, I don't think it's a surprise that Ohio is willing to relook at it. I think we've got to deal with the legislature first. And then, once we have the legislature passing the bill, then we'll see where the governor really is at that time.
Charles E. Jones: I am not suggesting anything specifically. We're still, as I said, finalizing our load projections and we'll just give you the whole picture at EEI.
Charles E. Jones: Yes. Steve, last year, we had pretty much a flat overall growth. We had a slight decline in residential and commercial offset with an increase in industrial, but for total, it was less than a 1% growth rate.
Charles E. Jones: Yes, that's right. I mean there'll be about $350 million left after we paid down debt as well as the make-whole premium and that $350 million will just go into the money pool. That's correct.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I'll take the first half, and I think it's really great to be in a position in New Jersey to even be having discussions with the BPU about a going-forward view of infrastructure improvement. And we're going to keep those discussions going and we hope to get resolved with something that we can both mutually agree to. Beyond that, I'll turn it over to Leila to answer the second question.
Charles E. Jones: No restriction in New Jersey, but there's no date certainly for a filing. We'll file when we think it's appropriate.
Charles E. Jones: There was some regulatory assets that we had on the books, Paul, that as part of the settlement process we agreed to not to recover those. So, we took the impairment this quarter.
Charles E. Jones: Yeah, you got it. A portion of that increase is associated with the delay in the asset sale, but we've also had some favorable O&M. Beaver Valley 2 as well as Perry, they returned from their outages a little sooner than we had expected. We had a property tax settlement in Ohio that has improved that somewhat and we've also seen some improvements in our nuclear decommissioning, which drove some of the increase.
Charles E. Jones: I'd say about $0.06 is associated with the delayed sale. We had about a $0.07 improvement in our O&M. Property taxes were a couple cents and the NDT was about $0.03. So, that gets you to the $0.18.
Charles E. Jones: Really, the change in control, the calling of that debt, we had generally always expected that we would have to do that. The $100 million change is just, I would say the sale was priced on the existing market conditions. And really, the other assets that we included, the Buchanan, I don't have the exact – I think it was only like 61 megawatts or something like that. It was a very, very small addition of assets.
Charles E. Jones: Yeah. I think we've laid out all of the guarantees on one of our slides in the presentation, so that they're still pretty consistent. And as we said earlier on the call, the money pool is about $67 million right now and we would expect through the forecast period we have through March of next year that the money pool would probably go down to about zero to possibly some money actually invested in the money pool. So other than that, that's everything we have out there and nothing's changed.
Charles E. Jones: In my prepared remarks, I said there have been meetings. I have no idea how many meetings they've had, but I do understand that it represents a broad spectrum of the bondholders and a majority of the bondholders from what FES has communicated.
Charles E. Jones: Not changes, Paul. We need an operating agreement between the owners and there are multiple owners. And we're just working through the process of getting that operating agreement completed. When that's completed, the transaction can go forward.
Charles E. Jones: I don't think there's any issue with getting an operating agreement in place other than the time that it takes to do it.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I'm not going to speculate on behalf of the FES Board what might drive their decisions. So, there's nothing that is material that we haven't communicated.
Charles E. Jones: Majority of it, Paul, was associated with the outages. There has been a little bit less than advisory costs than what we had expected. And we've also had some lower expenses associated with our retail program, but the majority of it would be associated with planned outages.
Charles E. Jones: We just put that range in there. If we get some distribution riders or some additional spend in distribution, we might diverge some of our capital there. But I think from our standpoint, you would look at probably about an average of $1 billion a year. You're right, the MAIT settlement with a 10.3% ROE, that's consistent with what we're earning in our ATSI program. So, I think it's just a range to determine where we wanted to devote our capital to.
Charles E. Jones: And the projects that we're doing are very similar to what we talked about before. We're just moving them east. They're generally smaller projects that get completed and there was a lot of regulatory lag under our lagging formula rate that we don't have any more.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I think first of all, we've got to get this exit of commodity-exposed generation behind us, Michael, and understand what the going-forward state of our company is. Where our dividend's at today, I don't think there's any reason that we would need to think about increasing it, because it's a very competitive dividend and we'll deal with that down the road once we get through this strategic restructuring of our company.
