Steve Strah: Hey Greg, it’s Steve Strah. So the way you’ve explain it is exactly what happened. We were planning to make the payment in 2019, assuming an FES emergence at that point, but obviously that didn't happen. It's going to happen here sometime in February, at which point in time we will fund the cash payment of $225 million and we will also pay what we were previously thinking would be issued as a tax note, we will also pay that tax note in cash. And so from an economics perspective it just makes more sense for us to use cash-on-hand to pay-off that tax note now, rather than have to deal with it by the end of 2022 and refinance it again at that point. 
Steve Strah: Sophie, this is Steve Strah. And we're conservative in terms of the load growth that we do put into our plan. And right now I believe we will see more of what we've seen in 2019 and that is basically flat load growth to slightly declining load growth. But I also – just looking at 2019 for a moment, you know we were down 1.1% and that was slightly lower than our guidance, which was 0.6%.  So when we estimate it, we're pretty good at estimating where we're going to land, we didn't miss it significantly. And in terms of sensitivities, the 1% decline that we saw in 2019 versus the guidance really impacts earnings only about 2%, and that's really driven by the residential sector.  Our commercial and industrial loads are really – and rates are fixed or having demand rates, which are not as impactful. So right now we do see the manufacturing recession continuing on in 2020 before we start to see recovery. We're hopeful to start to see that recovery in mid-year or a little bit later. So right now I would just say look forward to flat load growth within our territory. We don't really see that changing significantly.
Steve Strah: I would also add Sophie lastly, you know we are encouraged by seeing the two consecutive years of residential load growth. Albeit modest, we look at that as being very positive for some of the reasons I mentioned earlier. So I don't want to be too much of a downer at all.
Chuck Jones: And I'll just emphasize that point, that means we won't be answering questions about FES for the next five years so. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say this, we put a range in there that allows for flexibility for lots of things to change between now and then. The range of zero to 600, including the drip is a range that we expect to stay in. I don't think it should be extracted that it will be $600 million every single year, but it will be within that range, depending on where we are at when we get to that point.
Chuck Jones: I would say that the state of Ohio has already kind of talked about their disappointment with the PJM market, and their intention to use the next year or so to look at energy policy for the state. The last time they looked at energy policy in the state was 20 years ago, 1999, when the Senate Bill 3D regulated the state.  I think there's a lot of disappointment that some of the goals they thought would be achieved through that, never materialized. I think there were some unintended consequences that happened that they didn't expect to happen and so I think they're going to fully look at everything, from how the utilities interact with the public utilities commission to you know how we insure a long term secure supply of generation for Ohio customers, to how we get back to Ohio being a state that has an energy surplus as opposed to a shortfall.  I think there's a lot of things they are going to look at, but beyond that, you know what our intention is, is we’ll be at the table helping where they want help, providing our guidance where they want guidance, and expressing our views where we feel strongly about certain things should go a certain way. 
Chuck Jones: I don't, I'm not in the generation business anymore, so – but I feel strongly that we need to come up with a long term solution for customers that ensures they have adequate, fuel secure, cost effective generation, not just right now. And I mean its no – my views on these markets has not changed. A one your capacity signaled three years out and the next hourly short run marginal cost signal is no way to do this business for the long haul and they are failing. And so something needs to be done, whether Ohio decides to step up and do something, is up to them, but I do not think the market as constructed today is going to provide the best long term outcome for my customers. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I'll answer this. That CAGR that we’ve given you have for the next five years is the CAGR that we expect to hit, which is 6% to 8% for the first three and then 5% to 7% after that. I’ll let Jason try to walk you through the rate base accounting that gets to that, but as I've told you many times, when you look at our company from the outside in, trying to line-up what you look at with the regulatory accounting that goes on, because it's no longer just the same simple math that it used to be. It’s difficult, but we'll have Jason try.
Chuck Jones: Well, obviously 1 thing that could help bring it down is if we eventually see some reasonable low growth throughout our footprint. Just a little bit a low growth can have a huge impact. We give a range for a reason. I mean what – the performance of the pension plan can continue to affect what's needed there. You know it's – you know I wasn't trying to dodge Greg's question, I can't sit here today and tell you how much equity we're going to recommend we issue in 2022, ‘23, ‘24. It's not going to be more than $600 million, I can confidently say that. 
Chuck Jones: No, they don't include anything for that. Right now it's about $175 million in transmission. You know what the IIP is. We're going to round out the first round of IIP and at some point in time hopefully you'll see IIP 2 just like you saw LTIIP II in Pennsylvania. And when that comes again, that's why we have a range of CapEx, so that we have the ability to have flexibility from state to state and T2D.
Chuck Jones: Might be upside in New Jersey, but it would probably come away from somewhere else. I mean you can count on the capital plan being what I've told you it is, and we're going to get the CAGR that I've told you we're going to get, but the pieces and parts of it may move around from state to state.
Chuck Jones: So, the only thing that I would add that I think in the back half of this planning period that we're talking about that could be significant is this shell cracker plant in Western Pennsylvania, and empirically as economists look at the world, it's difficult to factor that in. But I just drove over there for a meeting last week. It's due to come online by end of 2021, so it's a year and a half away.  It won't be a lot of load itself, because they are going to self-generate with the methane, that's a waste product of the cracking process, but the industrial load that's going to pop-up, and is already popping up, you're starting to see cranes in the air on other sites, I think can have an opportunity to jump-start this economy in Eastern Ohio, Western Pennsylvania, Northern West Virginia, and we are now starting to see construction progress on the cracker plant in Ohio too.  So the combination of both of those I think can be something that could be a good surprise and it's difficult to factor into the numbers.
Chuck Jones: And look, I mean you're in northeastern Ohio. I mean we've got forward investing of over $1 billion in two plants in northeastern Ohio. GM had just announced the state-of-the-art battery manufacturing facility in Ohio. The former Lordstown plant is being repurposed into an electric vehicle, light-duty, medium-duty truck facility. So when those things all get done, the job market and the economy is going to benefit from all of that. So in the back end of this planning period, I'm optimistic that we can see some growth.
Chuck Jones: Okay, I see no other questions in the queue. So thank you again for your support, really over the last five years since I've been in this job, and you know I think we intend to have another year in 2020 just like we've had in the last five years. Expect to be a fully regulated company here by the end of this month with FES behind us and then just move on from there. Thank you.
A - Chuck Jones: Okay, well, there’s a lot in that question. I was just over in New Jersey last week. I met with three of the BPU commissioners. I met with the Governor and his policy team, the afternoon after he rolled out the energy masterplan, so I had a lot of opportunity to talk with him and his team in particular about how I think our company can help him be successful with it.  I think there are opportunities for us to help particularly in the electric vehicle area if the state decides to embrace utilities investing and you know building out a robust charging network throughout the state. You know, I think advanced metering is something the state has to decide what their policy is on, but we've got a lot of experience now in Pennsylvania with nearly 2 million meters there and we're going to be rolling out a 0.25 million in Ohio. So what I offered is, we'll come to the table and help them understand the pros and the cons, because there are both that we see, to help them make an informed decision on that.  I was very honest with him that I have no intention to get into investing in offshore wind. That's not something I see us taking on at this point in time. I talked with him about transmission and I know the BPU President made some comments about transmission, so I might as well just address those here, because I know I'm going to get a question.  You know his comments were specific to the network transmission service charges in the BGS auction for one company and that company was not us by the way. I saw what happened in the market with our stock yesterday after his comments became public.  I think the market should be smart enough to figure out that that involved one company. It should also be smart enough to figure out as he said at the end, that FERC sets transmission rates not the BPU, and they are not going to set different ones for New Jersey than they do everywhere else. It should also be smart to figure out that what we've told you all along is 90% of our transmission capital investment is in states other than New Jersey, and 90% of all of our $3 billion of investment is in states other than New Jersey.  But what I talked to the Governor and his team about is the fact that you know our transmission plan, if we work together can be complementary to what he's trying to do with his energy masterplan, and actually enabling of what he wants to do with his energy masterplan and they were very receptive to that, and we agreed to continue to work together to figure out how to make that happen.  So you know all-in-all, I think FirstEnergy is at the best place that it's ever been in New Jersey in terms of our relationships, in terms of the things that we're doing, in terms of you know us being trusted advisors to the Governor's office on his energy masterplan. There was nothing in that energy masterplan that scares me in any way, but there are pieces and parts that I think we can help more on and there's pieces and parts that we don't want to be part of. 
A - Chuck Jones: The reason we have a range in this CapEx plan that we've communicated is so that we have the ability to have flexibility to move it around state-to-state, transmission-to-distribution. I'm not going to sit here and tell you that we're going to add incremental capital beyond the range that we've given you, and the range that we're giving you is got a couple of control rods in it.  One is our customer's ability to pay and a constant awareness of the fact that without load growth these are going to be rate increases for customers and we have to be careful with that, and the other control rod being the balance sheet and managing the amount of equity that we are ultimately going to do to maintain our credit where we want it and get to that goal of begin BBB rated with all three agencies. So we're going to use this range that we have to satisfy what we're going to execute from a work plan in all five states. I'm not planning to change that range in the near term. 
A - Chuck Jones: In West Virginia the process is real simple. We're going to file an integrated resource plan in West Virginia by the end of this year. We'll share our ideas with West Virginia about where we see their capacity needs being, some thoughts on how to meet that, but those decisions are going to be made in conjunction with the state of West Virginia and you know I think that there are opportunities to embrace what's going on with the shale development and they are capitalizing on it with a lot of industrial growth in that state in terms of collection and compressing and so forth.  Whether they want to capitalize it in terms of generation sources, that remains to be seen and I don't want to speak for the state of West Virginia, but up until now at least, they haven't been real welcoming to renewables there, but you know from a FirstEnergy perspective, as we get separations from this whole FES issue and put that behind us, I think investment in renewable generation in a regulated context is something that we need to be thinking about adding to our portfolio, not deregulated in any fashion.  We worked so hard to get to this company that I just said. It’s a T&D company’s low risk, no exposure to markets, that's where we want to stay. Any generation we might invest in is going to be earning a regulated rate of return just like those two plants in West Virginia do. 
A - Chuck Jones: What’s embedded in our guidance is keeping O&M flat over that period, and so what I've challenged the team to do is to get more efficient at how we deliver service to customers. We’re in the process of rolling out an innovation center of FirstEnergy.  We've got a number of employees who have earned black belts in innovation engineering. We're going to put them all into one group. We're going to use that group to help drive innovation throughout this company as a way to make us more efficient and offset the annual – you know we give a 3 in it this year, a 3.5% wage increase on the average to our employees, you know about half of which ends up O&M. You know we've got to find a way to offset, but what's in the guidance period is flat O&M throughout that period. 
A - Chuck Jones: Starting off of the – when we finished FE tomorrow and finished dealing with our corporate costs, which by the way our T&D costs are bottom decile as far as O&M and our corporate costs are bottom quartile in terms of low being good in both cases. So we've got this company very lean and we expect to keep it that way throughout this period. 
A - Chuck Jones: Well its – what’s left, that is not forward looking formula rates is the former Allegheny system, and yes, the process would be to either eventually merge that into one of our existing Transcos or form another Transco, but the timing is what is such that we’ll do that when it makes the best sense in terms of there will be a crossover point where the investment returns, you know more returns to shareholders in a forward looking formula rate than it does in a stated right. Right now the stated rate is better for all of you. 
A - Chuck Jones: No, not at all. I mean, I think it's very difficult to predict the future five years out, though a lot of what we had to get comfortable with in that planning process is what's the world going to look like, not today, but what's the world going to look like in 2023; you know what's going to happen with inflation, what's going to happen with growth, etcetera, etcetera and bracket those types of things.  One thing I can tell you I am confident in is that we're going to execute on the plan that we put out to this company and if it's $3.2 billion or $3.3 billion or $2.9 billion, it's going to deliver the results that we intend to deliver, and by getting to the point where more than 60% of all of it is in formula rates. It’s very transparent and easy to calculate, and where we need to have rate cases, we're going to have them, just as I said.  We’re going to file a rate case probably this month in New Jersey to get that trued up and recover some storm costs that you know we've deferred up until now, so our ability to execute on rate cases, we demonstrated we can do that too, but it was just really more getting comfortable with a range of outcomes that could happen between now and then, to get comfortable with the CAGR and get comfortable with the equity assumptions, both. 
A - Chuck Jones: And the only other thing I've added and I said this repeatedly at EEI, I'm not going to tell you something until I know. The engineer in me is still in there. We got to have the plan and we got to have the numbers work and I know we can execute on it, which is why I was probably a little slow in getting to a five year CAGR, but that's also what results in five straight years now, meeting or exceeding every single quarter that we've given you guidance. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: Good morning. It's Eileen Mikkelsen, I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. Thank you, Chuck.  Yes, we are aware that the PaPUC reduced the benchmark for the ROE in Pennsylvania yesterday to 9.45. Where that benchmark is used is really relates to our DSIC calculation and four utilities that have not had a base rate case in the last two years. They substitute that ROE benchmark number into their calculation when they calculate their DSIC revenues.  So for our four distribution utilities in Pennsylvania, going forward we’ll use in our return calculations a return on equity of 9.45%, rather than the 9.55% that we've been using in the past, which really is the 10 basis points across those DSIC calculations, immaterial change to the revenues that we’ll collect under those riders. The second thing that ROE benchmark is used for is really a customer protection to say to the extent that the utilities have earnings in excess of that benchmarks that they report in their quarterly earnings reports. If they exceed that benchmark, they will then have to turn off their DSIC recovery until such time as their earnings fall below that.  So we've looked at those numbers overnight. We're confident that it doesn't change our outlook for DISC collections during the planning horizon. I would put a caveat on it to say, we do have a settlement pending before the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission to increase the cap we have in Penn Power. So assuming that's approved, we expect to be able to continue to collect DSIC across all of our utilities throughout the planning period.
Eileen Mikkelsen: I don't think we're expecting a Penn Power rate case over the planning horizon and largely that's because we were able to reach a settlement with the other parties in Pennsylvania that's pending before the commission to allow us to collect DSIC revenue up to 7.5% of our base distribution rates in Penn Power, where for all the other utilities it's capped at 5%. So that really allowed us to cover that additional investment through the DSIC Rider and eliminated the need for a base rate case.
Eileen Mikkelsen: I would just – again, it's Eileen. I agree with Chuck. Put a caveat on it that we do have an obligation in 2023 to file an additional base rate case in the state of Maryland.
