Charles E. Jones: Well, Stephen, we've talked about this a little bit in the past. Our team has identified in excess of $15 billion worth of projects that we could execute, all on our existing 24,000 miles of transmission lines. And that's our focus. And what we do with those projects is we prioritize them in the best way to drive benefits for customers. And my view is the best investments we can make are the ones that customers are willing to pay for and that you all are willing to invest in. So the opportunity is there for us to make these kind of investments for a long time; the ability to add on an annual basis to that is a little bit challenged by the availability of a transmission construction work force in our country. So I wouldn't expect that you would see a huge increase on an annual basis, but you could extrapolate out quite a bit into the future how long we can continue to execute this program.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I've said pretty consistently that we have set a goal of strengthening our balance sheet and getting to where we need to get with the rating agencies without having to use any equity to do that. And I just don't believe that that is the intent of shareholder equity. We've worked very hard this past year. I talked about the results of CFIP. We've also made improvements in other parts of our operation, and then we've got the entire Ohio ESP to get a resolution on before I think we're in any position to talk about what future equity needs might be. We talked about $245 million of incremental investment in Pennsylvania distribution. Under the Ohio ESP there's an extension of the DCR rider plus potential opportunities to invest in increasing the smart distribution network in Ohio. Along with transmission with ATSI, transmission with MAIT, what we need to do and what we plan to do is communicate to you what type of regulated growth rate we're going to strive for going forward, once we have these last remaining questions done. And then any equity needs are going to be driven off of that. They are not going to be driven off of a need for equity to deal with any of the financial issues that we've been trying to wrestle to the ground this last year. They will only be used for growth, and that's our intent.
Charles E. Jones: Well, as I said in my comments, we're expecting an answer from the Ohio Commission in March. And so I don't think it's going to affect our bidding behavior one way or another. Our Competitive generating business bids in our Competitive fleet. We have regulated generation in West Virginia already that is bid by a regulated generation group. The two do not talk, as required by FERC's Standards of Conduct. This generation will get bid in by one of those two groups, depending on which side of the fence it's on.
Charles E. Jones: Dan, what we have out there, and you're right, our five-year required contributions are about $500 million higher than what the five-year required contributions were in the 2014 10-K. Our actuary Aon, they recalibrate that annually. And at this point these are fundings that we would be required to make. As we said, we have a $381 million contribution required in 2016. We've already made $160 million in January. 2017, we have a $439 million pension contribution. That's down somewhat from where we were in the 2014 10-K where we had $555 million, but again that's associated with our actuary recalibrating when our payments are required and some of those payments were moved out to a future year.
Charles E. Jones: Yes. Well, I think here's where we're at. We're going to wait till we get the outcome in Ohio. Once we have that then we're going to give you a little clearer guidelines on what we're expecting in terms of our Analyst Meeting. One way or another we're going to be giving you guidance for 2016 that includes the ESP or doesn't include the ESP based on where we're at, at that point in time.
Charles E. Jones: I am at a complete loss for why it is such a big issue for others, because I do think it is financially the same as what happened with Harrison. These units will no longer supply retail load. They will no longer supply polar load. They are not going to influence the competitive market in any way. So I'm at a complete loss for why it has generated such adamant opposition other than potentially misery loves company.
Charles E. Jones: Well, first off we have not communicated any earnings guidance for full year 2016, whether the PPA gets done or not, and I'm not going to do that here this morning. What I've said is we will deal with that outcome when we have it, and we will communicate at that time what our earnings guidance for 2016 is, what our future growth plans for the utilities are, what our future equity needs might be, if anything, to support that growth. So I think you're just going to have to be patient and wait for the outcome, and then we'll tell you where we're at at that point in time. And beyond that I've consistently said I think that Generation, Transmission and Distribution are all critical assets in terms of serving customers. And right now I don't see any strategic change there for us.
Charles E. Jones: And I would remind you that in my remarks I told you that this business is generating positive EBITDA, positive cash flow through 2018 without any benefit from the Energy Security Plan.
Charles E. Jones: Okay, well there are no more questions in the queue. I'd just like to thank you all for your continued support. I look forward to getting our answer from Ohio here in a few weeks and then look forward to meeting you all face to face at the Analyst Meeting following that. Thank you.
Leila L. Vespoli: Oh hi, Stephen. This is Leila. So I don't think it would be the likely outcome either, but – so let me spend a couple of seconds just kind of recount for the group what that would have actually entailed to get to that place. So right now we have an affiliate waiver and the basis upon which it was granted, those items have not changed. If you think about it, Ohio still, the customers are not captive. They can shop. There hasn't been a law change. That means that the Ohio Commission is still in order to approve the PPA would have to find that the ESP is better than the MRO. They would still be protecting customers. So if you look at those kind of things, again I don't think that it's something that the FERC should rescind, if you would. But if they were to do that, what would happen – they would likely apply the Edgar rule. So you could look at the different provisions of how they look at that. There's several ways to comply with the Edgar rule and one of them looks at non-price terms and conditions. So we would be looking at a hearing dealing with our PPA, and I think there are a lot of things that could be said around the non-term price and conditions that would allow the pricing to stand as well.
Leila L. Vespoli: So, yes. So it does become that point, but I think it's going to be a moot question because I fully expect the Commission to act in March.
Leila L. Vespoli: And if I could add on just a little bit to that. So if you think about the parade of horribles that EPSA and others highlighted in their complaint to FERC, they talked about if you let these generating units look regulated, have in effect what they called an out of market subsidy, that would crash the marketplace. Well, if you think about PJM, as Chuck alluded to earlier, 20% of PJM is already regulated. And that doesn't even include the FRR entities. And if you think about what they were talking about, the bidding aspect of this, it's public information that prior to capacity performance three-quarters, so 75% of the megawatts in the PJM capacity auctions bid at zero. So they bid at price takers. And after CP it was about roughly half. But if you think about it with the new penalty, that what you associated with that penalty should kind of be your new zero. So I would suggest that the new price takers is actually even higher than 50%. So what that would suggest is some of the generators who actually filed this and complained so loudly saying that it was going to crash the market, they themselves actually bid into the capacity market at zero.
Leila L. Vespoli: Oh, whether it will rule, I'm sorry. Yes. Nothing's carved in stone and they don't have to. EPSA asked for expedited treatment, but most people believe that they will act before the auction and probably act on the filed paper as opposed to holding a hearing. That would be my best guess.
Leila L. Vespoli: I don't know the entire history, but I could tell you what FERC has done with regard to captive customers and shopping. FERC on several occasions has been asked to kind of look behind the curtain and opine whether a state's particular flavor of retail choice is what they would agree with or not. And FERC has consistently said no, as long as they're not captive customers, as long as they can shop, then we're not going to try and second guess what commissions do.
Donald R. Schneider: Sure, Gregg. This is Donnie. If you take a look at our slide 104 of the fact book you can see the EBITDA guidance. And as you clearly indicated, the fall-off in prices, we reflected that in our open position. We're down about $3 there. But we've also lowered our costs, especially our fossil fuel. We went back and took another hard look at some of the things we'd done in CFIP. We were able to lower that. Net of those two things, the lower revenue from the decline in the open position, net of what we've been able to do on the cost side, our commodity margin's only down about $15 million, which is well in the range of our EBITDA.
Donald R. Schneider: This is Donny, Paul. So Sammis and Beaver Valley it all cleared in the 2018/2019 auction. I'm sorry, Sammis and Davis-Besse, it all cleared in the 2018/2019 auction.
Donald R. Schneider: So this is Donny. I think actually if you look at slide 104 in the fact book it shows LCI, MCI and mass market we've got 16.4 terawatt hours closed already for 2016 delivery.
Donald R. Schneider: Oh, yeah sure. Yeah. We've got a ways to go there. LCI customers generally are shorter terms contracts compared to government aggregation for example. So it would not be unusual to be able to close 10 terawatt hours or 15 terawatt hours in a year prior to the delivery year.
Donald R. Schneider: That's more difficult to say, because what you got to keep in mind embedded in that price is the price of capacity. So a customer in ATSI in the 2015/2016 timeframe is going to look different than a RTO customer and that's going to look different than a customer in the 2017/2018 timeframe. So it's very hard for us to say kind of what price we would end up locking those in at. What I would tell you is we would have consistent margins.
James F. Pearson: Dan, this is Jim. Bonus depreciation, we were already in a large NOL position through the 2018 and 2019 period, so this is just going to extend that beyond 2021. Obviously these years will change somewhat with the approval of the PPA scenario. On the earnings side, it's really a modest impact from a rate base reduction. We'll see a little bit on the transmission side and certain of our other jurisdictions that have formula like rate recovery such as the DCR in Ohio. But I would say the impact to our earnings rate base is going to be minimal.
James F. Pearson: Yeah, Dan. Two things that are driving that; first is we had a 25 basis point decrease in the return on assets. So we took that down from 7.75% to 7.5%. And then we also saw a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate, which would increase our interest costs. So the two of those was about $50 million.
James F. Pearson: At this point, Julien, I would say that the impact on each of the segments would just be pennies. It would not be material at all.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. At this point on the Distribution side, it would only impact the utilities that we have formula-like rates considering the DCR in Ohio. We have rates that are in effect in all of our other jurisdictions will likely be looking to go in for rates in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, but that will not be – we won't see changes to our rates probably until the 2017 timeframe at this point, but we'll give you more clarification on that when we have our Analyst Day Meeting.
James F. Pearson: Okay, Julien. This is Jim. From servicing the debt, the mine continues to service that debt. The only time that we would have a change there is if we become more of a full-time owner of the mine if we would have control of over 50% of that. The first step we would have to do is likely consolidate that debt on to our balance sheet. Right now it's not consolidated because we're only a 33% owner. And then ultimately if there was a capital call that the other owners were not able to fulfill that would also likely require us to make that capital call. At the end, of that $300 million, $100 million is purely ours because we own a 33% interest in that and once we understand fully what happens to the mine, if it would happen to shut down then we would be responsible to fill that obligation to the banks.
James F. Pearson: Hey, Paul, and just to be clear on the capacity, I said it all cleared. In actuality when you look at our fact book on slide 119, you'd see that there were 525-megawatts in ATSI that did not clear. And...
James F. Pearson: The total amount would be $300 million, less any types of proceeds that we could get from the sale of the mine. So if we cannot sell the mine for anything, the maximum would be $300 million.
James F. Pearson: Assuming that there is some value to the mine, we would be able to use those proceeds to reduce that amount of exposure.
