Brian Tierney: We don't think it will impact the DPA in any way. We, everything in the DPA was laid out. The company accepted responsibility for the activities that happened in the DPA. The OO CIC seems to be asking questions around what was detailed in the DPA and that the company's taken responsibility for. So other than that, we really can't offer any color other than to say that we're cooperating with their subpoenas, and we'll continue to do so.
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think it will continue to be less than 10% of the earnings of the company going forward. So it's going to come down on a relative basis as well as an absolute basis. And we factor that into the plan going forward.
Brian Tierney: So I think a couple of things, Jeremy. One is I think the consolidation that the company did around certain functions, HR, engineering, workforce development and the like. That's where we get real synergies from. I think we're going to get better decision making, pushing the decision making closer to the customers and employees because an executive running that particular entity will have the best insight into what the commissions want, what the customers want and what the employees need to do their jobs. So I think that decision making can happen much closer to where the activity is happening rather than a lot of that decision making happening here in Akron. I've seen that model work before at various other companies and I think we'll benefit from that going forward.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I've reached out to the commission there and employees. I've not had a chance to speak with the executives in the state yet but are still trying to get those scheduled. I'll say that the commission there is and always has been very, very professional, engaged, experienced and dedicated to making sure that utilities make the investments that improve reliability and the customer experience in the state. And that Steve really hasn't stopped over the last three years, right? We're concluding grid mod one. We're concluding the ESP-4 right now. So Ohio over time has been very effective in making sure that there are those riders and trackers in place to make the specific investments that the commission wants us to make. And when I met with the commissioners there, they seemed very focused on making sure that we continue to engage in those activities, those processes and those investments going forward. What I have with everyone I met with, there will be a time and a place to deal with the activities of the past and people have documents ready to do that. And I've committed that, like we have in other venues, that the company will take responsibility for that and do the right thing. But there's a real desire to make sure that we focus on the go forward business. And there seems to be no regulatory hangover associated with the past either in Ohio or in West Virginia or New Jersey that I've also visited with.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thanks Steve for exposing my coded language there. Yes, that's what we're looking to do, is go to places where we are underearning either due to the fact that we haven't been in for a long time or that we've made significant investment that hasn't been updated and make sure that we get investment reflected in rate base and that we ask for authorized ROEs that are more consistent with what you're seeing across the industry rather than the lower ROEs that we're currently earning.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so we've been to see all three of the rating agencies recently. We've been on a watch for a change for Moody's for over 18 months now, have paid special attention there trying to give them what they could need. We hope that they will take action here in the near future in a positive way. As we look at S&P, I think they're looking for final resolution of the DPA, which will happen hopefully in 2024, as well as FFO to debts that are consistently moving above the 12% range. And we hope to be doing both of those here in the near future.
Brian Tierney: Yes, great question, Julien. Let me give you a little bit of context as to what we're seeing. So when you think about the original plan that we had going into '23, we had to have plan for about a 12% year-over-year O&M reduction relative to '22, which was right at about a [billion five] of base O&M. Okay. I would tell you about half of that was what I would consider timing or one time primarily associated with the work that we accelerated from '23 into '22 to help mitigate the pension. But the other half was sustainable O&M reductions around productivity improvements, around lower branding and advertising costs, some efficiencies that we were getting to transition to more data and analytics to drive more efficiency in our operations. And so that was the original plan. Later on top of that, the impact of the voluntary and involuntary program, we'll continue to see more sustainable savings going forward. And I think what that will result in is about the only thing that you'll really see going into '24 is that one time, which is about $100 million or so of incremental O&M that you'll see into the plan going into 2024, everything else will be sustainable and will be used to offset any type of inflation going forward. So really what we're anticipating, if you look at our current forecast this year versus '22, we've gone from about 12% improvement to about a 15% improvement with about half of that flowing back into next year.
Brian Tierney: Yes, great question. So I would tell you with the first FET transaction, plus the common equity issuance, we improved the capital structures in New Jersey, West Virginia, and Maryland by probably anywhere from two to three points. So we were probably 49, 45% and now we're close to 50, if not above 50% in those jurisdictions where we have rate proceedings ongoing. If you think about the next FET transaction, which will close next year, a lot of about half of that, those proceeds have been deployed already through the convertible note offering. So we put that money to the pension, we took out some holding company debt, and then we reduced short-term borrowings. With the other 50%, we'll look to improve the capital structures primarily in Pennsylvania, which right now are about 49%, and we'll look to improve that to, close to 53% as we gear up to file that case next year.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so we have spoken with them as you'd expect when we respond to a subpoena. And the dialogue seems to be around the things that were associated with the DPA that we've already settled with the Department of Justice and taken responsibility for. So other than that, we're not aware of anything else and certainly don't expect any derailment of anything.
Brian Tierney: No, they, the initial subpoena came to us in September of 2020, and then each year since they've updated their request for information. And that seems to be what's happened here at the end of May. And no, we can't quantify what any fine might be there, but expect that there will be one. Ultimately --
Brian Tierney: So I would just say a couple of things. We have the writers today, DCR and the AMI writer, which deals with the grid mod work. All of those are based on the capital structure that we have for base rates or our actual capital structure. We have precedent in the state of Ohio through the seat proceedings as well as through other cases in the state that they don't remove Goodwill in those types of calculations. So we don't necessarily see it as a concern. But it'll be something that we'll work through over the course of the case.
Brian Tierney: Well, I would just tell you through June. The asset performance was close to 8% versus an expected return for the full year of 8%. The discount rate has come down slightly since year end. But we don't have in the plan, growth from the pension in ‘24 and ‘25 other than from the contribution that we made, which will be for the full year in ‘24 versus a partial year for '23. So, based on our plan, we're going to continue to drive, O&M efficiencies through our FE Forward program as well as other continuous improvement initiatives. And we're not relying on the pension to drive growth for the company.
Brian Tierney: I don't have that information here readily available. But I would imagine there would be some disparity between the three companies. I think it would be significant, significantly different from the 7.3% . But we would typically file in the state all three companies at the same time. And so that's why we provided at the state level.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So I guess there's two steps to that, right? First, like we're doing in Pennsylvania, it's a legal entity consolidation. We're still going to have four separate rate books in Pennsylvania, and we'll merge those probably over a period of two to three rate cases. And we'll do the same thing in Pennsylvania. So, excuse me, Ohio. We'll make the filing to do the consolidation on a legal entity basis, but we'll still have, three separate rate books, and we'll merge those over time.
Brian Tierney: Well, the performer for the Brookfield Transaction closing, when we deploy all the proceeds, would support the 14% to 15% that we're targeting. If you look at on a trailing 12 month basis, I'm assuming it's probably close to 10.5%. We were at 10.5% at the end of last year. So as we start to receive the proceeds in next year, deploy those proceeds, you'll see a pretty significant improvement. We'll also have rate relief in New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland that will help the metrics going into next year. But right now I would anticipate the plan with the pension contribution for the full year of ‘22 being close to 11% FFO to debt for this year.
Brian Tierney: Greg, we've talked about this internally, right? I've seen utilities that are the premier utilities in the industry have continuous improvement as part of their culture. And we've had a program in FE Forward, which this year is beginning to pay significant dividends as employees are embracing the tools that we've given them to be able to do that. We're going to make that not a program, but part of our culture and DNA going forward, that we're not going to brand as FE Forward. We're just going to call it continuous improvement. And our goal will be to flatten or even decrease that O&M curve over time as part of an overall program that is continuous improvement, not just O&M savings.
Brian Tierney: Yes, I'll just say we're trying to engage with our commissions constructively on that issue. All of them, as you might suppose, are very focused, given economic issues, given inflationary pressures on our customers. All of them are focused on affordability for our customers. And we're trying to put our dollars to work to address those concerns as well. And I think we're just trying to be constructive with our customers and commissions as we work through other rate matters that we have before them.
Brian Tierney: Yes, I don't know if I'm missing or misunderstanding the questions. All of our commissions view it as being positive and constructive when we try to help in our rate proceedings those who are most challenged to pay their bills.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so, Paul, we'll dig into that, but I'll just say that's not been on the top of my list in my first 60 days here.
Brian Tierney: Paul, we just feel like we've taken responsibility for the activities that are outlined in the DPA and have paid the fine for that and taken responsibility for it. So I really don't know the answer to your question.
Brian Tierney: Okay. We'd just like to thank everyone for their participation in today's call. We look forward to continuing this dialogue going forward. Appreciate your interest and are pleased with the quarter and look forward to seeing you next time.
Jon Taylor: Hey, Jeremy, this is John. So, obviously signal peak is not an asset that necessarily fits in with our regulated strategy. So it is something that we look at from time to time to determine if there's a market where we could monetize that asset. It has been tough, but we continue to look at that from time to time. Commodity prices have come down since the beginning of the year, but we factor that into our plan going forward.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Thanks, Shar. I mean, you're right. The prices have declined somewhat over the course of the last year. I would tell you that in '24 and '25, we kind of had that baked into our plan to begin with. And so on an absolute and relative basis, we had those earnings declining somewhat to what we've seen historically, at least in the last couple of years. And then if you look at just where we're filing cases currently with over $7 billion of break base under review, probably earning at return of 6%, you're really going to see strong regulated growth in the distribution businesses. We will have some O&M increases in '24 relative to '23 primarily because of some timing. But we're also doing a pretty nice job managing that. So at least based on what I see today, we have clear line of sight into fairly linear growth going forward.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So I would say a couple of things. Rate-based, since the last case, has increased over 50%. Our cost of service has increased primarily because of some of the accounting changes associated with our vegetation management program, the A&G cost that we previously capitalized. So we're projecting a return, an earned return when we file those cases somewhere in the 7% to 7.5% next year versus, an allowed return in terms of what we're seeing in the state, nine and a half, 10%. The capital structure we think will probably be closer to 50:50. Right now, if you look at the actual capital structure, it's probably closer to 55% equity, but we think it'll be more in line with what we have today, which is 49% equity. So, I mean, those are the key attributes of the case. We'll continue to refine those and give you a more fulsome update when we file in May of next year.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So like I mentioned earlier, I mean, you will see a little bit of an increase next year, just mainly because of the work that we accelerated from '23 into '22, as well as some other timing items. But I think, as Brian and I have talked about the plan going forward, continuous improvement initiatives are going to be very important to the plan. And so that'll be something that we continue to stay focused on. Now, whether that, is less than inflation or do we want to drive out, all the inflation and keep O&M flat, I mean, I think that'll depend on the facts and circumstances within the plan and where we are. But we don't anticipate significant O&M growth, once we get past 2024.
Jon Taylor: So, yes, other people might agree with your comment on the timing. With the law, the OOCIC's investigations need to be kept confidential. So it's not a surprise to us that our first knowledge of it was the subpoena. But given the fact that it seems to be dealing with activities that have been dealt with, resolved, responsibility taken for and paid for in the DPA, we just would have to leave it up to the OOCIC what their interests in these matters are.
Jon Taylor: Yes, just nothing other than us facilitating transfer of information that they're requesting, which is all related to the DPA activities.
