Brian Tierney: Thank you for that, Shar. We're going through our evaluation of our future load growth rate right now. Look, we're seeing some things that are positive from the data center side. Some of those still a few years out. We're seeing some positive impacts from adoption of EVs in places like Maryland and New Jersey. But overall, we're still seeing modest, steady low growth and not it knock out of the park at this point. There's been so much talk about data center, Shar. And when we look at it, even if we get the load growth, they're generally taking service at a transmission level, which isn't as earnings impactful. Today, it could be rate impactful in a positive way to our existing customers as we spread some of that existing capacity over more units. But the real opportunity for us around data centers has been around things like the PJM Open Window 3, where we were awarded about $800 million worth of opportunity to invest in the transmission system to serve some of that data center load that's that Northern Virginia, Panhandle, Maryland area. So that's where we've seen more impact from the data centers, but more to be seen, and I anticipate probably around EEI, we'll be able to update you on the load growth.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thank you for that question. Look, I think those are things that FERC will figure out in time. It's not as business impactful to us at this point, given our service territory and where we are. And I'm interested in what FERC has to say about that. I'm not sure what their tools are to be able to block something like that, what their view is on whether or not it takes net capacity out of the market and what that would do for existing customers. We just saw some pretty high prints on the PJM capacity auction yesterday. I think people are looking to that mechanism to solve generation resource adequacy. I'm not sure it really does, right? That's one print in that auction that happened yesterday. There was virtually no new generating capacity was offered and I don't think that a one-year print or a two-year print or a three-year print is going to solve that problem and attract significant increased investment into the PJM region. So something we need to figure out. It's important for our customers. We're actively engaged in that discussion. But I don't think the PJM auction is the place where that issue is going to be solved.
Brian Tierney: So the issue is how could we help that happen. And in certain of our states today, we're not allowed to own capacity. In West Virginia, we do in Maryland under circumstances we could in Ohio under certain circumstances we could. But in other states, we'd have to have legal challenges to allow that to happen. And if our states were to come to us and say, we would like you to invest in some form of dispatchable generation for the life of the asset at a regulated return. Those are things that we think would benefit our customers. If other people aren't adding the capacity and today, they're not. And those are discussions that we think would be constructive on behalf of our customers.
Brian Tierney: So thanks for that, Steve. Those talks are in early discussions. And it's we would always like to reach a settlement and present that to the commission, but I'd say early stages at this point, and we're optimistic that we'll be able to get something done hopefully before the hearings in August.
Brian Tierney: Here's what happened, the commission punted some key aspects of ESP V to the base rate case. And so it's hard for us to accept a five-year plan when there's uncertainty beyond the current rate case. And so if we were to time those things up a little better, and get more certainty on it, it's easier for us to accept an ESP V over a five-year term with more certainty. It's really hard for us to know what's going to happen to certain of those items that got punted after we get resolution of the base rate case.
Brian Tierney: Jeremy, you use just about every acronym we have in the industry in that question. That was amazing. Here are some of the things that we're doing right now, right? It was late breaking news yesterday afternoon. So we're going by a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction analysis of the impact of a couple of things. One is the higher capacity print that we saw yesterday. But we also still have some energy prices in there that are reflective of the Ukrainian impact on gas prices and electricity in the United States and some of those are rolling off, at the same time, those higher capacity prices will be rolling in. So we're trying to determine right now on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, how that will happen and what the impact to our customers will be. In West Virginia, we think the impact will be kind of a wash. We have about the amount of capacity that our West Virginia customers need and buying and selling at those amounts, we don't expect there to be a significant impact in the state of West Virginia. As we look forward to the other states, right, we have, what I would say, among most progressive energy policy states in the country and among the most traditional as well. So I think West Virginia has traditionally been responsive to being pro-coal, but also all of the above. We've added some solar there recently. And I'd like to see if in our next IRP, we might be able to add some combined cycle gas in West Virginia in addition to that. And then in some of the other states where we're wires only, we're open to any construct that would allow us to invest in capacity on something that looks like a regulated basis. So, if we were to have in Pennsylvania and Ohio, something that looked like NYSERDA or NYPA, where a state agency could buy at long-term capacity that they might hold an auction for that anyone competitive generators, regulated generators could offer into that, those auctions. If it looked like a regulated basis and we could offer at a price that would allow us something that looked like a regulated return and allow us to recover on a pass-through basis, fuel and energy, those are things that we'd be willing to do. The thing we wouldn't be willing to do would be start competitive generation of our own. That's something that we've recently come out of. We paid a heavy price for that. We've rebuilt our balance sheet in the wake of that, and that's not a place that we're going to be going back to. But other things, other opportunities that could benefit our customers have the capacity that they need be responsive from a price standpoint are all things that are on the table and are all things we're talking to our states about.
Brian Tierney: I'll tell you what our favorite part of offshore wind is, it's the on-land part. And we are investing a significant amount of money to shore up the transmission system in New Jersey to enable their initiatives to have significant offshore wind commissure in our service territory, and we're making hundreds of millions of dollars of investments to enable that, and that's the part of offshore wind that we want to participate in.
Brian Tierney: Look, thank you for the question, Nick. Look, I think it's interesting. I'd call yesterday's print, the canary in the coal mine and the canary didn't make it. If you look at what's happened with the IPP prices over the course of the year, they are all anticipating higher prices in the years going forward. If you look at the amount of new generation that cleared in the auction yesterday, according to PJM's auction report, it was like 100 megawatts, so essentially nil. Same in the auction prior to that, it was about 300 megawatts, again, not the right amount. If people were to respond to yesterday's print and say, yes, I think it's a good idea to invest in baseload dispatchable generation PJM, it would be six years before that capacity would come online. The reality is that we can increase load and build data centers almost immediately and it takes years of planning, permitting and procuring and construction to build a power plant. So I think it's indicative of the future, but it certainly doesn't solve the problem. So what we're going to do is what we need to do is enable the energy transmission you need a robust grid to be able to do that. PJM keeps opening these open windows. There's a current one open that we will be submitting proposals to. We just had significant action that we won in the last one, and we'll continue to do that. And we're going to engage in the discussion constructively with our states, regulators and customers to see if there's a way that we could deploy our balance sheet capacity for generation that looked regulated like to us and our investors. But that's how we're viewing the lay of the land right now. I don't have the silver bullet. That's the solution that will solve this tomorrow or in two years or in three years, but we're engaged in that discussion. I just don't think the PJM construct is going to fix the issue even if it sends some positive price signals.
Brian Tierney: Michael, it's always our desire to reach a settlement in any of these rate cases. This one is something that I think is very much at its early stages. We'll be filing our update to the rate case filing later today. And then, of course, we'll be engaging with interveners and other interested parties as we work our way through the balance of 2024 and well into 2025. So yes, always want to reach a settlement, always open to that and always striving to do that in any case that we find.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So thank you for that as well, Mike. Look, I have the belief that a well-run and growing utility should be going in for regular rate cases. We have a strong balance sheet. We have Energize365, the CapEx plant we're pursuing. By the way, we have a significant amount of our capital is covered under riders and trackers. But I think a very regular interaction with our regulators is something that we should be doing regularly. So I think in most jurisdictions, we should be going in every two to three years at the max and updating rates clearing out trackers and riders, getting them reflected in base rates and then moving forward with those again. So I just think it's a hallmark of a growing utility that you should be regularly engaging with your regulators.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So, Paul, you asked a politically-fraught question. Look, I think the real need here in the near-term is for baseload dispatchable generation. And we are ready, willing and able to engage in all of our jurisdictions for anyone who would like to add that on a regulated type basis. West Virginia has really said to us that coal is important to them, but everything should be in the tool bag in West Virginia, we're willing to engage with them on that basis. Maryland and Ohio under certain circumstances, we could add generation there, and Pennsylvania would take a legislative change. So, we are open to all. And if they're open to us, we'd be willing to engage on that regulated type basis. And again, there are people that get upset and say, you're going back to regulation. I don't think you have to go back to regulation. I think you can still have energy markets. I think you can still have retail choice where you have it today. But I also think you could have constructs like NYSERDA or NYPA where they could buy on behalf of the state's residents. And that doesn't have to be an end to competition. And they can even have auctions where all people could participate in that, utilities, independent power producers, and others. So, for the people that say it has to be one or the other, I just don't think that's a valid premise.
Brian Tierney: So let me take Grid Mod II first, Greg. Would anticipate an order in the fourth quarter of this year on the settlement that that we proposed. So hope to get done like I said, this year, and we could start making those investments right away in the AMI. On the NYSERDA, it would require legislation changes in all of our jurisdictions to make that happen. And then they would have to have a process where they would run an auction to do that. So, I'd say it's not a short-term process. It would require legislation change and then activation of that new entity to do what it needs to do on behalf of its customers. So on behalf of the residents state rather than customers. The important thing about that is, it could be a structural change that could be a path forward rather than an auction to auction, do I build, don't build? There would actually be a structure for how the state would procure its incremental needs that could survive auctions, administrations and the like, and it could be truly sustainable. And I think we need a sustainable solution here even if it's not a short-term fix.
Brian Tierney: I don't think so, Anthony, obviously, we have capacity to use still. I think we're still serving capacity. We're still adding load. We still have transmission capacity to serve people. I think long term, it could be a problem for economic development and load growth, and I think that's why we need to solve it. So it's not happening now. It could happen going forward. And I think on a regional and statewide basis, that's why we need to think about this. We can't cede our competitiveness to other regions because we don't have the energy to serve them. And it's our job to make sure that doesn't happen.
Jon Taylor: Hi, Jeremy, it's Jon. I think we'll see some savings associated with, for instance, getting out of the general office headquarters here in Akron moving over to an owned building. But those savings, I would say, are fairly minimal in the grand scheme of things. Where we're really trying to focus our efforts on continuous improvement and taking cost out of the business is really around our productivity of workforce, investing in infrastructure and data and technology that will help us drive better decision-making, faster decision-making. And we have some pretty aggressive targets on productivity of our workforce, so we can make sure that we get contractors off the property that we do our work ourselves. That's where the bulk of the savings are coming from. And in fact, if you look over the last couple of years, we've done a pretty nice job of taking cost out with about $200 million of cost savings in 2023. About $100 million of that was sustainable, and we're targeting $70 of cost savings this year. So we'll continue to do what we can to offset inflation going forward, and that's part of our plan.
Jon Taylor: Hey, Nick, this is Jon. So we'll work through that as we do our long-term plan and update the investment community and spring time or winter time of next year. I would tell you, listen, we got to balance a couple of different things. We want to be at a BBB flat credit rating with rating agencies were not there yet. If you look at where their thresholds are versus where our planned targets are, we do have some balance sheet capacity, I would say 4% of the CapEx program is probably in right neighborhood. But there's going to be a lot of puts and takes as we think about the capital plan over the next five to 10 years that we'll have to consider. Is it base capital that you'll have regulatory lag? Or is it formula rate transmission capital, those are all things that are going to go into the mix. But we do have some balance sheet capacity, but I would probably peg it at less than 5% of the CapEx program.
Jon Taylor: Yeah, Carly, let me start with residential. I mean we're just generally seeing at least this quarter higher average usage per customer across all of our jurisdictions, especially in areas like New Jersey and Maryland, which have a much more progressive energy policy with respect to electrification of electrification of vehicles or other industries. We also continue to see higher customer growth in Maryland, given some of the economic activity that we're seeing in that part of our service territory. So that's really what's driving the residential growth for the quarter. If you look at commercial and commercial for us is kind of our small- and medium-sized businesses. This is a customer class that took a pretty hard hit after the COVID pandemic. We saw a pretty significant drop-off. And now we're starting to see some of that rebound. And if you look at the last four quarters, three of the four have been higher quarter-over-quarter, and it's getting closer to what I would call pre-pandemic level usage. So those are really what are the drivers for the residential and commercial prints for the quarter.
Jon Taylor: Yes. Andrew, this is Jon. So we've made significant improvements in the metrics just -- if you look at where we are as of the trailing 6/30 numbers, close to 200 basis points of improvement, a lot of that is coming from higher FFO. But if you just look at our debt levels, they're about $2 billion below where they were this time last year. I do think we're going to be a little bit challenged this year to hit the 14%. A lot of that is because of the SEC and OOCIC accrual. If you were to back those out, we would be closer to the 14%. But longer term, we're going to be at 14% to 15%.
Jon Taylor: It would be next year. So sometime like in probably the first, second or third quarters of next year on a trailing basis, we would probably get to that 14% level.
Jon Taylor: Well, it would be funded through the pension plan. It would be non-cash to the company, but the pension plan would have to fund it, which would use the investments that it has on hand to fund that.
Jon Taylor: No, no, no, that's right. If you think about what we did in December, eliminated a $720 million liability by paying $0.95 on the dollar through the pension plan. So, no external financing to the company.
