Steven Strah: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. It's great to speak with you today. Our results are very straightforward for this quarter. So this will be a quick discussion with plenty of time for your questions. Starting with our GAAP results, yesterday, we reported a third quarter GAAP loss of $1.02 per share. This is due to a pretax charge of $1.2 billion, representing the expected obligations under our current agreement with FES and FENOC bankruptcy cases. And with the court's approval of that settlement, we moved the Pleasants Plant to discontinued operations to reflect its upcoming transfer to FES and excluded the plant from operating earnings starting in the third quarter. Before I move on to the discussion of operating earnings drivers, I'll remind you that we continue presenting operating earnings and projections on a fully diluted basis. This allows us to show preferred shares as fully converted and it eliminates the impact of conversion timing. For your reference about 56% of preferred shares had been converted as of September 30. In accordance with the terms of the equity issuance, we expect the majority of the remaining preferred shares to be converted by the end of July, 2019. As always, we provide reconciliations and detailed information about the quarter and our consolidated report to the investment community, which is posted on our website. Our third quarter operating earnings of $0.80 per share surpassed the top end of our guidance with weather driving the bulk of the $0.17 per share increase compared to the third quarter of 2017. Results in our distribution business benefited by higher deliveries along with lower expenses, lower financing cost and higher regulated commodity margin. These factors more than offset related - cost related to increased vegetation management work in Pennsylvania, higher depreciation expense and general taxes. Total distribution deliveries across all customer segments increased 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2017. This was largely due to cooling degree days that were 28% higher than last year and 29% above normal. Sales to residential customers increased 12.9%, while commercial deliveries were up 2.7%. On a weather adjusted basis, deliveries to commercial customers were down 0.7% compared to last year. The decrease primarily reflects the continued impact of energy efficiency measures in that sector. However, as Chuck said we continue to see positive developments in our residential customer class where third quarter weather adjusted sales increased 1.7%. This is the second consecutive quarter where we have seen a meaningful uptick in weather-adjusted residential load. Paired with the continued modest increases in our residential customer count, we are cautiously optimistic that these promising metrics will form a trend. In the industrial sector, total deliveries increased 2.5% compared to the third quarter of 2017 for nine straight quarters of improvement over the prior year period. The increase in demand primarily came from our customers in the shale gas and steel industries, but we also saw higher usage of hospitals and universities, which was weather-related. Moving on to our transmission business, third quarter earnings increased $0.02 per share compared to last year. This reflects the higher rate base that are made in ATSI subsidiaries as well as higher revenues at JCP&L. And then our customer segment, our results reflected higher operating expenses and the impact of lower federal tax rate compared to the same period in 2017. Finally, I want to give you a quick update on our liquidity facilities. As a fully regulated company with stable, predictable earnings and cash flow, we have a much improved risk profile that comes with lower liquidity requirements. On October 19, we reduced aggregate commitments under our revolving credit facilities to $3.5 billion from $5 billion and extended their maturity dates to December 2022. We also entered into two new term loans totaling $1.75 billion to refinance our revolver borrowings. These credit facility changes reduced interest expense in connection with our FE Tomorrow initiative. We had an excellent quarter with strong financial result. We also achieved very important milestones in our corporate transformation, including an upgrade to investment grade by S&P. We remain focused on execution, and we are committed to positioning FirstEnergy for stable, predictable and customer service oriented growth to benefit our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your time and your interest in FirstEnergy. Now let's take your questions.
Steven Strah: And Julien, this is Steve Strah. And I would also just say, those savings are in support and blended in within our 6% to 8% growth rate.
Steven Strah: Praful, this is Steve. So right now, holding company debt as a percentage of total debt will be around 35% to 40%. Over time, we expect it to go down to about 30%.
Steven Strah: So basically, our holding company debt over time will average to be about $7 billion. So it's going to be a little give-and-take, so it does include the term loans.
Steven Strah: This is Steve Strah. No, we have a DRIP program that we issue shares under each year. So it's about $75 million to $100 million of equity value. So you can do your calculation based on that.
Charles Jones: Okay. So first of all, we've said, we don't contemplate any new equities through 2021, and we'll evaluate it at that point. Between now and then, we'll invest $7.5 billion in infrastructure at FirstEnergy. And at some point, equity might be unnecessary component, but not through 2021. As far as that CapEx planned today, I do not see increasing it. The plan we have generates 6% to 8% per year combined growth for our company. I don't see any reason to take it above that, and I think that's an appropriate number for FirstEnergy at this time.
Charles Jones: Well, the good news is, we are seeing some positive developments when we adjust out the warm weather that we had this summer. 1.7% growth in the residential segment is probably the most positive. We did add 35,000 new residential customers between the third quarter of 2017 and today. So that's contributing to the growth in the past as we were adding customers. We were seeing that kind of eroded by energy efficiency and fuel switching to natural gas and other things. But I think 35,000 new customers and 1.7% growth, and it's the second quarter in a row where we've seen some growth is a good thing. 2.5% growth in the industrial sector, that's now, as I said in my opening remarks, nine quarters where we've seen growth in that sectors. So I think what we're seeing is some of the growth in the natural - national economy is starting to move into the FirstEnergy footprint.
Charles Jones: Yes. I'll give you my thoughts. Obviously, tax reform is an issue we've been dealing with across the board. We're done in Pennsylvania. We're done in West Virginia. We're done in New Jersey. We'll be done in Maryland with the resolve of the rate case there. In transmission, the formula rates adjust automatically. We filed a case for the AYE stated rates to make the appropriate adjustments there as FERC requested. That only leaves Ohio left to deal with, and we have frozen rates for several more years in Ohio. But despite that, I expect, we'll be able to sit down and work with the Public Utilities Commission on some type of a settlement that makes sense for them for us and all the interested parties.
Charles Jones: Right now, in Ohio, FirstEnergy is a fully regulated transmission and distribution company. We have no generation, regulated or competitive any longer, and we're focused on what it - the needs of customers are from a T&D perspective. Should there be additional closures in Ohio, there's a process within PJM to review those closures and identify any changes in the transmission networking capability to handle those. Those would be dealt with through the ARTEP process and of course we would make those changes on our transmission system as necessary. At this point in time, under Ohio law, regulatory utilities aren't allowed to invest in generations. So I'm not spending any time worrying about generation in Ohio at this point in time. We're worried about the T&D infrastructure and serving our customers the right way there.
Charles Jones: Yes. We did, and we used Accenture to help us with this process, Steven. And they brought a number of benchmarks to the table to assist us, including benchmarkings of cost at a high level with our peers. But also things like, layers of management between me and the people doing the work in the corporate office, spans of control for our leadership in the corporate office. That's what drove the entire reduction. As I said in my opening remarks, now that it's all done, our corporate structure cost are in the top quartile within our industry.
Charles Jones: No. In fact, there - it's just the opposite. Our utility cost structure is generally benchmarked in the top quartile and top decile for both capital and O&M, even at our current CapEx levels.
Charles Jones: Well, there's a number of things we're waiting to see. First of all, we've got a lot of things to focus on now that we're fully regulated. I want to see whether two months make a trend in terms of load growth in our territory or not. I think, that could be a big factor. And beyond that I just think given four years out, what I like to do is give you plans that I know that we have nailed down, and we can execute on. And four years out is a little bit outside of the planning window that I think has proven for us to go to.
Charles Jones: Well, here's how I look at it. Our formula rate - rates of return are fairly new right now. The MAIT 1 was just set recently. I think, that bodes well for those rates going forward. I think, longer term, if there's much done to change FERC ROEs, it's going to compress them with the state ROEs, and it's going to work against what FERC is trying to do to stimulate transmission investment because it's going to shift money not just in our case but probably in many other cases, down towards this recent system and away from transmission. So I think that is going to kind of be a control rod in the process. But even if they decide to move forward, here's how I think about it. 0.5% change in the ROE is about a $15 million impact on the FirstEnergy's earnings. That is not significant, and it's something we can make up within the rest of our plan and not something that will take us off track from a 6% to 8% growth rate in any way.
Charles Jones: So number one, I'm not going to give 2019 guidance until EEI. So that number, you'll hear in a few weeks. And beyond that, we give a 6% to 8% range. We expect to be within that range, and we don't guide right now to the bottom or the top of that range. So I think you're going to assume that we should be somewhere within that range. And a lot of factors can affect that. As I said earlier, if two months of residential growth becomes a trend that will drive more to the top end of that range. If something happens with FERC ROEs that might move us a little bit down. There's going to be puts and takes throughout that. But I'm confident and we've reaffirmed that, that 6% to 8% growth range over the next three years is something you can count on.
Charles Jones: Yes. So we've been a fully regulated company now for all of about a month since the filing was approved.
Charles Jones: So I've said all along, if we expect to be treated in the market like our regulated peers at some point in time, we're going to need to have a dividend policy. In the immediate future what's keeping me is, our yield on our dividend is nothing to be ashamed of. It's in the 3.8% to 4% range depending on where the stock price is moving. We began discussions internally with the leadership team to see what we might recommend to the board, and I think just be patient, it will come, and I know we need to do it.
Charles Jones: So all of our earnings projections that we've given you exclude DMR. So there would be no drop-off whatsoever regardless. If we expect to file a case for extension of the DMR early next year, or hopeful that the commission will roll on it by the end of next year, and we'll have the answer about what happens with those last two years at that point in time. But it can only be positive, it cannot be negative.
Charles Jones: Well, if you can calculate what two years of it will be worth. I wouldn't see us taking that money and doing anything with it, that would take us off track long term that we can't continue. That's why we've taken it out of the numbers that we're sharing with you now.
Charles Jones: It doesn't benefit anybody, Michael. It is the actual shared services costs that we've incurred in the past to support the FES and FENOC part of our company that have been traditionally shared with them through our shared services allocations. If we did not deal with it, it would have been a drag on our ability to execute our regulated strategy. So the goal was as FES ultimately says, we don't want these shared services anymore. We needed to make them go away. So it's basically a dollar-for-dollar elimination of the costs that were previously built to FES, so that there's no drag on our ability to move forward.
Charles Jones: Well, how I think about it as it's much more valuable than a lot of you think it is. Based on a 6% to 8% growth rate and a dividend on top of that. But having said that, as I said, we're about one month into now being finally a fully regulated company. And me as the CEO, being able to focus on a fully regulated company, probably 2/3 of my focus over the first four years in this job has been on the competitive business, and what we were going to do about it, and how we were going to exit it, and the entire exit process. Now I'm able to focus on the fully regulated side of our company. A company with 6% to 8% growth isn't something that I think we want to - that we need to necessarily do anything with at this point in time. Strategically, to restructure our company, I think it's perfectly structured. We have regulated distribution utilities across five states. We've got now three investment regimes in transmission that are under formula rates, down the road, if it makes sense for the Allegheny transmission system, we move to a formula rate, we'll look at that. But it's all going to be driven about how do we maximize investment for customers and subsequent growth for shareholders out of what we have.
Charles Jones: No. There was none of that and in fact, because of some reliability issues, we spent a little extra O&M in one operating company, Penelec than what the original budget has. But when you get nine months into a year and you start trying to move money around within a budget, it takes people and contractors to execute what we do in this regulated business. It's a very complex maneuver. And I just want to keep the team focus on executing the plans that we have in front of them. So there was none of that done.
Charles Jones: So IIP in New Jersey, we're having discussions with both the staff and interveners. We're waiting on commission to issue a procedural schedule. I think, those discussions will go on throughout the first part of next year and will be able to give you a little more guidance on where it stands. I think, in general, the reaction to the IIP has been favorable in New Jersey. And obviously, the commission used it favorably or they never put in place. So I think that one bodes well, but it will get clarity early into next year. On the DMP, as I said, the commission in Ohio spent a lot of time on their PowerForward initiative this year now that, that's done I think they're going to have time to focus on our filing, and we're hopeful that we can get that to a conclusion. So - and on the DMR, we'll make our filing in early next year and will see where that goes. Obviously, we expect to make a case for why the last two years should be continued, but we haven't built any of that into our 6% to 8% growth.
Charles Jones: I think you should think of the current CapEx plan as the CapEx plan for the next three years, and if we decide to make any changes to it beyond that, we'll let you know then. But I think you can count on it being what it is for the next three years.
Charles Jones: Paul, as I said, I think commission now has time to focus on it. We're having active discussions with the staff on it. I can't give you a date as when I expect an order, but I'm optimistic that we can get something done on it in the not-too-distant future.
Charles Jones: Okay. Well, I'd like to thank you all for your support of FirstEnergy. We look forward to seeing you at the EEI in a few weeks. Take care.
