Jim Pearson: Thanks, Chuck and good morning, everyone. My prepared remarks will focus on the major drivers and events in the quarter. As you know, more details are available in the consolidated report that was posted on our website yesterday evening. And as always, we welcome your questions either in the Q&A or following the call. Today we reported strong second quarter 2015 operating earnings of $0.53 per share, which compares to $0.49 per share last year. On a GAAP basis, basic earnings were $0.44 per share for the second quarter of 2015. GAAP earnings were $0.16 per basic share during the same period last year. As Chuck mentioned, our operating earnings were above our targeted range for the quarter. Let’s look at the results from each of our segments starting with the distribution business. Residential sales decreased seven-tenths of a percent overall compared to the second quarter of 2014 while commercial sales increased 1%. Adjusting for weather, residential deliveries were down 2.4% and commercial sales were flat. We are examining the residential usage trend, which has been down over the last four quarters on a weather-adjusted basis. We believe this is attributable to energy efficiency as average customer usage has also declined quarter-over-quarter. In the industrial sector, sales decreased 1.1% in the quarter, handing a seven quarter run of increased demand from the customer class, primarily due to lower usage from the steel industry. The current rate of shale growth continues to be impacted by soft natural gas prices. While we still see support for more than 1000 megawatts of new load for midstream activities through 2019, our forecast reflects greater confidence in the 2015 and 2016 project, which represents about half of that load growth. Turning to our transmission business second quarter operating earnings increased $0.06 to-$0.21 per share as a result of revenue increases from a higher rate base at ATSI and a forward-looking rate structure that began in January. In our competitive business, operating earnings $0.01 per share compared to the same period last year, reflecting higher commodity margin associated with higher capacity revenues, a modest increase in wholesale sales and lower contract sales. Additionally, operating cost decreased year-over-year largely due to improved planned performance. As we said last quarter, we had essentially sold everything we anticipated for 2015 on a retail and forward wholesale basis, with a reserve of 5 million megawatt hours available for spot wholesales through the end of the year. For 2016, about 70% of our expected generation resources are committed and we are currently about 40% committed for 2017. Based on our results for the first half of the year and the projected savings from the cash flow improvement initiative, we are reaffirming 2015 adjusted EBITDA range for the comparative business of $875 million to $950 million and increasing our 2016 adjusted EBITDA range to $825 million to $925 million from $750 million to $850 million. It was another solid quarter for our company and this is shaping up to be a good year. As Chuck said, we are reaffirming our operating earnings guidance and the trends we see so far this year, make us confident at the top end of that range at this point. We are committed to achieving the cash savings we have identified and to building long-term shareholder value through our customer focused regulated growth strategy. Now, with that, I’d like to open the call for your questions.
Jim Pearson: Sorry. I just want to add. We are very happy with this settlement. We wouldn’t have settled if we weren’t and if you think about what we are doing $500 million of investment in our transmission business, the difference between 10.38% and 12.38%, adds to maybe $10 million, maybe a penny a half a share overall. But as we talked earlier, the forward-looking rate returns, cash in earnings back to the business faster and more timely given the way we are investing in smaller project to get done quickly.
Jim Pearson: Okay. For the second quarter, we looked at where we though we would be based on our plan. We did come about above the high end of our guidance. We defer some of our plant outages to later in the year. So we picked up a couple cents there. Distribution, they performed a little bit better, slightly lower O&M, and then we had slightly better results from our transmission business that we’ve already talked about. So that’s really what drove us above the top end of the guidance in the second quarter.
Jim Pearson: They will be substantially finished by the end of 2015 with only a minor amount carrying over the '16.
Jim Pearson: No. I won’t say there is any offset. I talked a little bit earlier. I don't think you'll see the growth in the revenues that you did see in the first half. You saw $0.20 there in the first half. We’ve guided to the $0.30 for the year. I think we’re going to be slightly above that. Some of the offsets that you saw during the first half were depreciation general taxes and interest. They will probably be about in line the second half of the year as they were at the first half of the year. So I think we will trend as Chuck said to the upper end of the range on transmission, but it's not going to be same $0.11 that you saw in the first half.
Jim Pearson: Yeah. Right now, Philson, we are tracking about $0.01 behind where we’re last year, and we guided you to about $0.11 behind. There is a few offsets. We had some improvement in distribution. We’ve been helped somewhat by weather and the earlier part of the year. So I would not expect based on normal weather going throughout the rest of the year that we would drop down to the $0.11 that we guided you to.
Chuck Jones: Well, I’ll take the first question and then I’ll hand the second part of it off to Don Moul to answer. And on the first one, I do think there are some opportunities for us to add to this over time, particularly in the supply chain area, we set a 12-week timeframe to complete this study. We can operate it at that speed but our suppliers don’t unnecessarily operate at that speed. So we’ve got a number of items in the queue that we’re still working on to try to get it across the finish line. So I think there is some opportunity to improve this over time. And I’ll let Don to tackle your fuel question.
Chuck Jones: I will just follow on the second there, because I know I am going to get this question later. The savings we were able to achieve in the fuel supply, particularly related to the Bruce Mansfield Plant, were a big factor in our decision to move forward with the dewatering facility, makes that plant more competitive starting September 1.
Chuck Jones: So to your question on how does it tie into the clean power plant and other things that are on, I don’t think we have time to wait to see how all of those shake out. There is a sense of urgency here I think around these two facilities in particular that we’ve got to get a decision made about them. So obviously, we are anxious to keep it moving forward.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think there are several factors. We’ve communicated our plans for the next several years and they amount to about a $1 billion a year. Meg will provide additional opportunities if we’re successful in getting it done. Our transmission infrastructure has aged, and we’ve talked about a queue of projects that could potentially go on for a long time at the rate of a $1 billion a year. So I think at that point in time, we would look at it, but I think a determining factor is the ability to resource additional construction. There is a shortage of transmission alignment around our country and that would be a factor in terms of expanding it to any significant amount I think.
Chuck Jones: Our attack is to bid those units as competitive units. That’s what they are today. And I would just correct one thing you said, I don’t think we need both. I think we need the PPAs. If we’re successful there what happens in the capacity options, even though they are bid as competitive units that value will flow to customers once the PPA is approved.
Chuck Jones: There wasn’t a lower ROE this quarter. We got 12.3% in place for the first six months of 2015, which was a partial contributor to the better performance in the transmission segment.
Chuck Jones: Yes. I would say Jonathan for the second half of year you won’t see the robust growth that we saw in the first quarter. We were up $0.11 year-over-year. For the second quarter or for the second half of the year, you are going to have a much higher rate base that you’re going to compare to in '15 compared to '14. In the first half of 2014 that rate base was based on December 2012 rate base and that carried through for the first five months and that was $683 million. When I look at the comparisons in the second half of 2014, that rate base was going to be about $922 million compared to $1.8 billion. And you are right. The ROE that was used for the second half of last year was 12.38%, and we will recognize 11.06% in the second half of 2015. With that said, I would expect that transmission will trend to the upper end of the range as we said most of our segments are.
Chuck Jones: So, we can catch and we think they are getting the clarity on ROE is a big help too. So, I just wanted to understand the mass of bridging the second half.
Chuck Jones: What I said in my remarks is once we have -- we've got the cash flow improvements. Once we have the results of capacity performance and once we know where we are at with the ATSI, then we'll look at whether there's an application for equity to stimulate growth both in transmission and distribution if any. So all along, I do not want to have to use equity to repair our credit metrics and strengthen the balance sheet. That's why we implemented the CFIT project. I think we made substantial progress there as that starts to flow through to strengthening our balance sheet, strengthening our cash flow, strengthening our FFO because about two thirds of it is O&M. And then we'll see where the other two land and then we are going to go from there. And when we have the Analyst Meeting, hopefully, early next year then we will tell you where we are at with that a little more definitively.
Chuck Jones: So let me answer the first piece of that with regard to the schedule. I do believe that the delay in the schedule was in part a desire and the part of the new administration under the new chair, Andre Porter, to get additional data points before having to make a decision. I think those -- even though the transitional options have been pushed back by the time we complete hearings of those data points will also be known. So, I don't anticipate further delays. Again, because if for no other reason, we need to secure additional polar auctions for flow to deliver, to be delivered by mid-next year, so I think we are at that point where, hopefully, we are actually going to go-forward at the end of August with hearing. And I’m going to turn it over to Don with regard to the hedging part of the question.
Chuck Jones: I think at EEI in November, we will give you what we’ve typically given you at the EEI, which is our best look at the future across all of those. Yeah. And we are not going to hold anything back there. But I don't think we can talk about the long-term plan beyond the next couple years until we have the answers to those other two questions that I talked about.
Chuck Jones: Julien, since I took over this job, January 1, I bet I've had the questions 500 times, what’s the long-term growth strategy, what's the long-term vision and I think I've answered at the same way 500 times is, I will tell you that once we get a few of these short-term issues out of the way. So, I think it applies to all of that.
Chuck Jones: I don't think I've sat here ever thinking about issuing equity for the competitive business. And I think once the results of the cash flow improvement process, which substantial part was a result of the competitive business stepping up. Their particular credit metrics are going to look very strong. It’s going to make a big impact on that part of the company. It makes an impact on the overall First Energy credit metrics too, but a substantial impact inside the competitive business. So, I think we are going to be fine there for the foreseeable future. We already had that business in a position where it was cash flow positive for the next four years. This makes it substantially more cash flow positive, which was the second factor in the decision to go forward with demand still dewatering. All the CapEx for that project was already in the four-year plan and already in a plan that was cash flow positive but we now got some margin there. And as I’ve said along, the game plan with that business is to keep it cash flow positive and take that positive cash flow and eventually use it to start paying back the holding company for some of the loans that we made to that business a few years ago, so that’s the long-term plan there.
Chuck Jones: Let’s first talk a little bit about how our newspapers run. We went and met with the editorial board and we had what I thought was a good conversation over an hour and 50 minutes. But then it gets drilled down into an article. Once that articles written then there's a headline writer who goes and writes a headline to try to draw attention to that article. The headlines that was written for that article was completely inaccurate as to anything we discussed during that interview. In the interview, I was asked a specific question of, are we in anyway working to get the legislature of the state to consider re-regulating and my answer was no. In the context of the discussion about the PPAs, here's my view. We are talking about trying to find ways to preserve major generating assets that have plenty of useful life left in them and keep them from closing prematurely. Exelon is looking at doing that in Illinois and New York. Ohio utilities are looking at doing it in Ohio. You don't ever hear any conversation about needing to do that in states that are regulated. Regulated states have plenty of generation. They have integrated resource plans and if they need more generation, they either buy or build it, so they are assured they have adequate generation to serve their customers. So these PPAs, I see as a bridge to keep these plants alive, long enough to allow whatever happens. If our state wants to look at that issue over time, great, but its not going to happen fast enough for these two plants. If we are ultimately able to make significant corrections in the market to make sure they provide for the long-term security of baseload generating facility is great but I don’t think we have time to wait on that either. And yesterday, the Senate Energy Committee put forth the bill that talks about asking the markets to try to come up with the process to make sure they ensure diversity of both, fuel and types of generating capacity across the markets. We don’t have time to wait on that either. These plants are at risk today and we need to get a decision made as to whether we’re going to look at ways to protect them, so we let all of those debates and legislation in Washington DC and everything else play out.
Chuck Jones: Well, I’ll let Don ask -- answer it, but my view is they are sustainable. And I met with our fuel team yesterday about how we can get more. So under that context, I’ll turn it over to Don.
Chuck Jones: I mean, obvious context is that, the competitive generating fleets, both nuclear and fossil are under duress as a result of current market conditions. The second industry that’s under equal or maybe the more duress is the coal industry. And I think, what we’re trying to do is work together, partner together for the survival of both.
Chuck Jones: There are some savings in there for nuclear fuel. And essentially, what we did there is we were looking at procuring additional nuclear fuel to take advantage of the very low prices of uranium that there are in the market today, way ahead of when we needed it. We don't need it for a number of years yet. We decided not to do that mainly on the basis that -- as we assess that uranium market, we think the pricing is going to stay where it’s at for a long time and so, there was no urgency to try to need to capitalize on that this year.
Chuck Jones: We are above the midpoint in all three segments through six months. And that combined with the CFIP results that we talked about that we’re going to get in the second half of the year, are what cause us to say we can point you to the high-end of the guidance. So if you follow-on questions, well, why don't you just kind of change your guidance. The answer is we got $1.15 in the bank through six months. Our midpoint of our original guidance was $2.55, that means we got a $1.40 that we've got to capture the second half of the year just to get to the midpoint and the $1.55, we’ve got to capture to get to the high-end of the range and we’ve got a lot of very volatile weather months in the third quarter and a big third quarter. So, we just decided we’re going to wait, see what happens in July and August in particular and then at the end of the third quarter, when we do this call at the end of the third quarter, we’ll tell you where we expect to be more definitively at that time.
Chuck Jones: Well, I would say this, we did a number of things to prepare our plants for the winner of 2014, ‘15 and order to insure they operated reliably for this winner even in an environment were they weren’t any penalties. As far as how we look at that going forward, we’re going to make that determination in terms of how much you’re willing to spend on reliability improvement versus where the capacity performance market clears. And in terms of the specific numbers, I don’t think we’re in a position to talk about those at this time. We need to see where both the base residual auction and then we’re in particular the transaction auctions clear, because those are the more eminent. For the base residual, you got three years to figure how to get your units reliable for that one. The transition auctions are a little more pressing in terms of time. So we’ll make those determinations once we see where the auction results come out.
Chuck Jones: My view would be I think it's a non-factor. I think the governor's decision to run for a President is a political decision and it affects things that might happen politically. I think he's made it clear all along that he expects that you’ll have Public Utilities Commission to look at this issue and make an informed decision on this issue. So I don't think that would change as a result of this decision.
Chuck Jones: Okay. I don’t see any more questions in the queue. So we’re going to actually end few minutes earlier here. I want to thank everybody for your support and obviously we feel good about where we are at for -- Philson just popped in there. So I’m going to stop and let Philson ask his question.
Chuck Jones: We had a bet when I was going out and you cost me a lunch. Now, thanks to everybody as I said. I think we are off to a great start this year. We feel good about the results. I will tell you, I am constantly impressed with our team here and whatever we asked them to deliver they find a way. Under Donny's leadership, this cash flow improvement team exceeded my expectations. I don't know what your expectations were when I told you we were going to get to $200 million but they exceeded my expectations. And we are working hard to and we’ll capture those savings over the next couple years. So thanks for your support and we look forward to talking to you on the third quarter call and probably many of you in between. Take care.
Leila Vespoli: Okay. Thanks, Chuck. Hi, Dan. I think the delay in the hearing was in response to the commission desire to get additional data points with regard to what’s happening with the EPA, but I think more precisely what’s happening with the capacity performance. I don’t think that that should be the be-all end-all, I think those are data points, but I also think they are mindful of the fact that our current ESP ends the middle of next year. So there is not a lot of additional delays that could be tolerated within the schedule we need to meet. So I think we are in a good space right now with regard to the timing of it with hearing starting, August 31. One thing I would like to point out it was after the last call that we continue to be in negotiations. And since our last call, we were able to add [IU] [ph] with the non-opposing party and Kroger as a signed party. So I think what is presented to the commission is a very robust settlement. I am still very hopeful that we will be able to move forward in a very positive way. And as always, we continue to try and bring additional parties on board.
Leila Vespoli: So at this point, I would like to say we would get it done by the end of the year, but I am thinking it might slip into the very first part of next year, so early 2016 for a final decision.
Leila Vespoli: Greg, this is Leila. I think right now that those appeals are premature. There is still absolute hearing associated with that case in Ohio, I don’t see how you get the Supreme Court to take those up when absolute hearing are pending. So I fully expect those cases, those appeals to be dismissed. Does it mean they can’t refile them at a later date? But again I think they are prematured. So I don’t think they are going to have any affect on our case. And with regard, I read some conjecture that if they went forward somehow things would be stayed in Ohio as the case is going before the Ohio Supreme Court, the decision goes forward, the commission decision goes forward and is not stayed unless a specific statutory provision is met. And under that provision, the party that is requesting the stay needs to provide and post the bond. So that’s a very high hurdle to assume within the context of this type of cases. So again bottomline, no effect.
Leila Vespoli: So, right now interventions were due by July 10th. And right now, I don't see any further procedural schedules that with regard to that although we would expect a decision by December ’15.
Leila Vespoli: …to Pennsylvania, interventions on August 3rd. Pre-hearing conferences in -- sometime, August, September date and then a decision mid 2016. And with respect to New Jersey, there are no deadline interventions and we would expect an order again with regard to that by mid 2016.
Leila Vespoli: Yes. Part of our ATSI assets in Pennsylvania. And I believe there are others although they are not on top of mind right now.
