James F. Pearson: Good morning, everyone. As always, we have provided detailed information about the quarter in our consolidated report to the financial community which is posted on our website. Yesterday, we reported a fourth quarter GAAP loss of $5.62 per share that reflects asset impairment and plant exit cost at our competitive generation fleet and charges related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I will take a few minutes to discuss these items before I move on to fourth quarter drivers. We recorded asset impairment and plant exit cost of $2.4 billion or $3.38 per share in the fourth quarter. This includes the impact of reducing the carrying value of the Pleasants Power Station, fully impairing our nuclear-generating assets and increasing our nuclear asset retirement obligations, given the outlook for the fleet. In addition, our fourth quarter GAAP results, include a non-cash charge of $1.2 billion or $2.68 per share related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which primarily impacted our competitive business given its significant deferred tax asset position. We are working with all of our state regulatory commissions to determine the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on utility customer rates which would flow through to our FFO given that we aren't a federal cash tax payer. Shifting gears to the results from our operations during the fourth quarter, we had a very strong operating earnings of $0.71 per share. Driving those results was a $0.23 per share improvement in our distribution business compared to the same period in 2016. This primarily reflected the new rates that went into effect in January 2017 as well as higher weather-related usage. Heating degree days were normal for the quarter but 9% higher than the same period of 2016. This drove a nearly 2% increase in total distribution deliveries compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. In the residential sector, sales were up 4%, while commercial deliveries were down 3%. On a weather-adjusted basis, fourth quarter residential deliveries were essentially flat, while commercial deliveries decreased 4% as a result of lower sales and energy efficiency efforts compared to the same period of 2016. Looking at industrial sales, the positive trends continued in the fourth quarter with growth of more than 3% compared to last year, driven by gas drilling and the recovery in steel. In the transmission business, fourth quarter operating earnings increased as a result of higher revenues related to our Energizing the Future program. Fourth quarter operating earnings in the competitive business improved due to favorable depreciation and general taxes, partially offset by lower commodity margin and higher O&M expenses. As always, we will remain focused on meeting our commitments to our shareholders and executing our regulated growth plans.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. Julien, this is Jim. At the upper end of our guidance, we've included the $450 million filing that we made in Ohio, as well as we anticipate that we'll make a filing later this year in New Jersey for the Infrastructure Improvement Plan. So, I'd say at the top end of the range, it includes the $450 million in Ohio, and it also includes some money for the Infrastructure Improvement Plan in New Jersey.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. Julien, in Pennsylvania, the ROEs have not been defined since there was a settlement in those cases. When I think about Pennsylvania and I've heard a little bit of the questions that you just raised but we've just had two cases that have been fully tried in Pennsylvania. They've been before the staff of the Commission as well as the Commission itself. And I'd also note that when I look at our residential rates in Pennsylvania and compare them to our peers, we're about 13% below what our peers are in that state. So I don't see where there's any concern about where we're at in Pennsylvania. And you are right on the deferred taxes. There's a number of adjustments associated with deferred taxes in a rate-making process versus what you look at just from a pure GAAP standpoint.
James F. Pearson: I think you would see that we're assuming that our earned returns on all the utilities would approximate what we had in our filings out there.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. Greg, you're right. And let me really be clear about what our guidance is. We have a midpoint of $2.15, and that is what the 6% to 8% growth rate is based off of, so it's a midpoint of $2.15 with a 6% to 8% growth rate. We do have baked in increases in revenues associated with any capital spend that falls under the riders, primarily our transmission spend as well as in Ohio at the upper end, the DMR that would fall under a rider, as well as we would expect the infrastructure improvement plan in New Jersey would. So stated rates, unless there is a filing, we would not get any increases from those other than on organic growth. Now we do have a modest rate case built in for Maryland, but that's the only rate case that we have in our guidance right now. From an O&M perspective, yes, you're correct. We're going to hold O&M flat, and you'll see an improvement in O&M associated with our pension expense. And that's primarily the result of our plan generated an additional $500 million in earnings in 2017 compared to what we expected as well as the additional $1.250 billion contribution that we made in January. So I hope that helps, Greg.
James F. Pearson: They would have to convert by the middle of 2019. So you're right there. The $536 million is fully diluted and I think we have it probably growing to about $545 million by 2021, and that just assumes the incremental equity issuance associated with our dividend reinvestment plans.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. Let me take a shot at that, Shar. We have some revenue that will grow in 2018 compared to 2017. First, it reflects a full year of the Pennsylvania rate case. As you'll recall, that did not go into effect until the latter part of January, so we'll have a full year. We also have incremental revenues associated with the Ohio DCR. And then we have some growth in West Virginia associated with the industrial load that we've talked about where we expect some growth there. From a expense side, we expect improvement in our expenses, and that's primarily associated with the pension expense that I talked about earlier. And then we also assume that 2018 will be on a normal weather year. So that that would drive about $0.06 in earnings when you compare it to 2017. So I think those are the primary drivers, and that's offset a little bit by additional depreciation and general taxes.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. Let me take that. In our base plan, we have not recognized any benefit associated with tax reform. Right now, we're working with all five of the commissions to see what is the most appropriate way to handle this going forward. But when you look at our plan that we have out there, it does not recognize any benefits associated with tax reform.
James F. Pearson: Well, we have a stay-out provision through May 31, 2024. So, technically, we will not begin to adjust our rates for any reason, whether expenses go up, whether taxes go up or taxes go down. I can say that we've already addressed the riders. The DMR and DCR filed for lower taxes there. But we have not done anything on the other side with Ohio other than in our plan that we've laid out, we have not incorporated any of those tax benefits.
James F. Pearson: Right now, they will not be benefiting our guidance, right, and we're not flowing anything through. Those would be deferred at this point.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. What we've assumed in the plan is that none of the costs that are currently being charged to FES are included, other than about $25 million associated with depreciation and that's associated with common systems that we have between FES and ourselves, and that would be accounting systems, payroll, accounts payable, something like that. The other impact on the corporate side is we've lost some of the tax shield where the interest used to be deducted at a 35% rate. Now, it's a 21% rate. So, that's driving some of that difference. But I would expect, in the plan going forward, corporate would hold flat in about the $0.55 range.
James F. Pearson: Yes, we are comfortable we can do that and you'll see we do have some new debt built into the plan. But when you think of a transmission spend that is in the $4 billion to $4.8 billion range, typically about half of that is funded through debt as well as any new capital above what we have in distribution would be new debt. But yeah, we're very confident we can do that internally.
James F. Pearson: When we look at the full impact of tax reform, Praful, if we had to adjust all of the rates, it would probably impact our FFO to debt by about 1 to 1.5 percentage points. And right now, our forecast assumes those cash flows are not there and we still remain at about a 13% FFO through 2021. So, I'm not concerned about that. But when you think about the stated – or the formula rates, they will reset whenever those dates are. For the others, they'll reset whenever there's another rate proceeding or commissions decide to actually. As far as refunding customers, I think they'll follow the normalization rules, and ultimately those amounts will be refunded over the life of those assets, which is generally 30 to 40 years. So, any cash flows that flow through now that are not required to be flowed back to the customers immediately, then that's going to benefit our cash flow and it's going to further improve our FFO to debt.
James F. Pearson: That's right. As I've said earlier, Praful, we have built in the full impact of tax reform in our forecast. It goes through 2021. And also, we did not assume the DMR would be extended beyond 2019 and our FFO is still in the 13% range.
James F. Pearson: I think we're comfortable with the plan we have right now, and the amount of capital investment that we plan to make that the 13% range is appropriate. As time goes on, we would like to drive that up somewhat, but I think we're very comfortable with where that is right now going to a fully regulated model and the amount of capital investment that we're planning to do.
James F. Pearson: The way I would look at the pension, Paul, is we probably have an incremental almost $1.750 billion and we're going to get a 7.5% return on that. So, the O&M benefit would probably be in about the $0.15 range. From an other O&M standpoint, we haven't built anything else in other than it would be flat. As Chuck said earlier, we are really very cost-effective within our utilities. Any cost reductions within those types of rates would have to be adjusted either through the formula rates or else when we go in for any rate proceedings. On the corporate side, we will continue to look at those cost to see if we can offset that $25 million in depreciation that we're assuming from the competitive side that we do not have anything built into the forecast we've given you.
James F. Pearson: At this point, in our guidance, yes, we don't have any of that benefit baked into our earnings. From a cash flow standpoint, any cash that flows through, it will be upside to us but we don't have anything built into that either in our metrics.
James F. Pearson: At the low end of our guidance, Michael, we're assuming that we'll spend $1 billion in transmission. At the upper end, we would be at the $1.2 billion range. So I think in 2018 we'll have about a normal increase in revenues, as you've seen over the last year or two.
James F. Pearson: Yeah, I would look at probably from a revenue standpoint, our rate base growth will be about $0.07 in 2018 when you compare it to 2017, and then a little bit with the stated rates in JCP&L, that would be about probably another $0.03.
James F. Pearson: Yeah. There's no benefit associated with the discount rate from an earnings standpoint. But we did, I think, provided a slide and showed what our assumptions were longer term on what the liability would be on a discount rate growing to 4.5%. And if we had to set that discount rate today, it probably already be at 4.25%. So, we think that's a pretty conservative estimate for the liability even.
Charles E. Jones: Thanks, Jim. Now, we will move into the question-and-answer phase of our call. I want to preface the Q&A that we will not be able to provide detailed information about the status of negotiations with FES credit advisers or creditors. FES has been operating independently since early 2017, and neither I or the other executives on this call can speak on behalf of FES. Now, let's take your questions.
Charles E. Jones: So I'll just follow on with that based on everything Jim said. There should be absolutely no concern in the market about us over-earning in Pennsylvania. And if there is any hysteria out there, you all are smart enough to know that there are people that trade off with the hysteria. But I just want to emphasize there should be no concern whatsoever.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I said in my prepared remarks that I expect that they will be removed from the unregulated money pool between now and the end of March, and that will be the last tie that we have with that business. While I can't speak for FES, I will be shocked if they go beyond as far out some type of a filing.
Charles E. Jones: It's FES' decision whether and how to bid in that upcoming auction for the FES assets. It would be Allegheny Energy Supply's decision the same for the Pleasants Power Station, and it would be Mon Power's decision for the assets that are of Mon Power's.
Charles E. Jones: So I'll just follow on a little bit on the O&M. Our utility companies have done an outstanding job of managing O&M over really the last 10 to 15 years. And when you benchmark it, we have very low O&M costs compared to our peers, and that's one of the key drivers behind the fact, as Jim stated, in Pennsylvania, our rates are lower than our peers. And that's true pretty much in every state that we serve.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I'm not going to speculate about what others might do with their assets. I'll just give you my simple view of the future. Unless something is done to change the construct of these administrated markets which have been administrated in a way to disadvantaged coal and nuclear plants, over the long haul, unless the states step in to provide support, there will be no coal or nuclear plants left in these markets.
Charles E. Jones: No additional equity through 2021. I can't believe its only one month after doing $2.5 billion that we're already getting that question again. But there will be none.
Charles E. Jones: Well, up till now, we have just been answering questions from the staff about what it is, what it does, how it helps customers. And beyond that, I don't think we're in a position to really say. I'd ask Leila to add to that but...
Charles E. Jones: Praful, we need to move on. We're running out of time and there are about six, seven more people in the queue to ask questions.
Charles E. Jones: Well, I think in the short term, Michael, they would just meet any supply needs from the PJM market. And we are reevaluating what we need to do there. In another two years, we'll need to file another integrated resource plan anyway. But we are not planning to take another attempt at Pleasants, if that's what you're asking.
Charles E. Jones: Well, at this point, as I said it's too early. We're going to go back and sit down, and Mon Power is looking at all the options. They may, at some point, do another RFP, and I'm sure in that RFP, if they do it, they'll address what FERC determined to be shortcomings in the previous RFP, but it's too early to answer that question.
Charles E. Jones: Well, we are developing it right now, Jonathan, and it's too early to talk about. So as soon as we are prepared to disclose it, probably, we will.
Charles E. Jones: I would say clearly, it will be projects and programs that are designed at improving reliability, improving resiliency, improving safety, security, et cetera, the types of things that the plan was intended for us to try to address.
Charles E. Jones: Yeah. I think, it'd be on the order with what we filed in Ohio under the Distribution Platform Modernization.
Charles E. Jones: The DMR was about $200 million a year. We just filed a plan to invest $450 million of that into the types of programs that the DMR was intended to contemplate. So, I think we are on track to substantially invest everything that they provided for us in that ESP.
Charles E. Jones: Okay. Thank you and thanks for your continued support of FirstEnergy. This will end our call. Take care, everyone.
Greg Gordon: When we're looking to model out and sort of corroborate our comfort level with the earnings trajectory that you've laid out, I think what you're implying in the way that you've laid out your guidance is that we should assume that, at a minimum, you're getting incremental revenue requirement every year on the capital you're deploying through the rider mechanisms in the different states. But anything that's under a stated rate, the only sort of revenue increases outside of formal rate case would come from any organic revenue growth that you're able to generate. Is that fair? And then, how do we think about O&M? I think you're saying that we should assume that overall you'll keep control of O&M flat. Just trying to come up with a set of basic modeling parameters that we can use to corroborate your confidence level at, let's say, the midpoint of guidance.
Greg Gordon: So in actuality, in what year will that average share count be the actual average share count because in the interim, we're actually being impacted with lower share count but the preferreds...
Greg Gordon: Okay. So that's the actual share count more or less in 2020, and then it grows as you continue to use your plans.
