Leila Vespoli: Hi, Dan. This is Leila. So obviously and proposing this, my legal team was very mindful of the legal precedence that was out there. I think from a policy perspective, we put forward a very wonderful case that we address that and then, I will go into more of the legal specifics. If you think about these plans, especially Ohio plans build and service Ohio customers, Ohio jobs, Ohio tax saves . So from a standpoint of, whether this is something that is beneficial certainly from an economic standpoint is very beneficial. Having this generation, as we justified on our filing also, over the 15-year period would provide essentially $2 million worth of benefits to customer, so acting like an insurance policy. From a legal perspective, if you think about the aggregate rule, Ohio is a competitive state. So we do not have captive customers. So FERC has waived the rule, it applied to us. Also, we were very mindful of two of the other cases up there, being the -- hit the (indiscernible) case and the Hanna case. And have put in place mechanisms within the case, so that we do not run or fall of the particular things in those cases that triggered FERC’s finding that they were legally informed. So, offline, we can go into the details. But, again, the legal team is very mindful of that in the structure of the PPA proposal and what the commission can and can’t do and the terms and conditions actually associated with the PPA.
Leila Vespoli: So, essentially, what this case did, so let me back up for a second so. In the Harrison transaction, we stipulated that case. In that agreement, we agreed to file this base rate case and so this is the case where we basically flipped what would have been surcharged into base rate. So, essentially, all we did is take what we’ve covered in that revenue stream and flip it to base rate treatment. And then on top of that, the stipulation provides for an additional $15 million increase. And in addition to that, roughly $48 million of our vegetation management surcharged, which should help with our distribution and reliability which is good in West Virginia but should help enhance that as we go forward. The stipulation also provides for establishment of regulatory assets associated with mass investments in 2016 and ’17, and other different provisions from the company's perspective, which we believe is very good. Again, this is a case that we filed as a result of a stipulation and I think -- prior stipulation and I think from a company standpoint, our customers’ standpoint is a very good result.
Leila Vespoli: Hi Paul. This is Leila. So we made our filing and we are going to go full with our filing. I think, having the potential for capacity performance proposal by PJM and if it gets eventually approved by FERC, will be even a more enhancement for Ohio customers. But we would not withdraw our ESP commitment. I think overall the proposal by PJM is a positive development. But as I noted, I think there are ways that it could be improved. I think that they should consider with performance persistent pricing mechanism. If you think about it in terms of the generation, the need for revenue and kind of the longer-term horizon, if it were to have a mechanism whereby year-to-year, the downside were kept by 5% generators, where we could get a better sense of what the capacitive pricing might be from year-to-year that would definitely be a positive development. In the transitional years, we think it should be uncapped up to net cone, given that the markets, I think everybody’s account have not produced the revenues that most agreed that they should have. We think that that would be a more appropriate place getting revenue to generators, so they can make the investment in their plans to increase reliability and a better balancing of the penalty structure. I think PJM approved upon it but we still think the penalty structure is a little bit more draconian than it should be at this point in time.
Leila Vespoli: So the parties agreed to the $15 million increase in the other terms. The commission actually asked that we -- in our filing how we got to that. So you will see us part of the settlement. If you go to the exhibits, each of the parties will lay out how it got there. The company has not laid out the ROE associated with it. But there is an ROR number.
Leila Vespoli: So the penalty structure again, I think was mitigated from their prior proposal. But you can’t look at it in isolation, you have to look at the other moving pieces in parts. Right now, the coalition noted in their comments that right now if you had a single 12-hour too bleak, it could cause you to lose the equivalent of 71 days of revenue. So there are both kind of things you need to look at and have a trade-off. If the pricing mechanism will raise in that color and you’re able to recover that level. You might be able to think a little more positively about that kind of penalty. So again, there are a lot of moving pieces in parts and I wouldn’t look at the penalty just in isolation.
Donny Schneider: Dan, this is Donny. In the main, what we saw obviously, there wasn’t a volatility issue that we faced in the first quarter. But we took advantage of a lot of the O&M savings. We’ve reduced the workforce and that sort of things, so that's really what flowed through for us in the quarter.
Donny Schneider: Jonathan, this is Donny. Yeah I think if you take a look at the EBITDA from 15, if you’re trying do come up a walk from 15 to 16. In ’15, we’ve got a midpoint of $950 million. And then if you look at what the capacity revenue does from ‘15 to ‘16, it comes down about $225 million…
Donny Schneider: And then we have improved margins about a dollar megawatt hour so that’s a positive about $80 million. And then other O&M and cost reductions, that’s about $100 million, gets you right to about $900 million for midpoint.
Donny Schneider: Yes. That’s throughout and we have one last nuclear outage in the ‘16 timeframe and that especially helps.
Jim Pearson: Okay, Paul. I’d said earlier our effective tax rate would be anywhere between 30% to 31% this year and its going to most likely move back up to the 36% to 38% of our range next year. So that that would be probably about $0.25 a share, Paul, and most of that flows through corporate another.
Jim Pearson: We haven’t disclosed that yet Paul. The transaction hasn’t completed yet. I can say I would say both parties are very comfortable with the price we paid. So that’s something we are ready to disclose at this point.
Jim Pearson: Jon, it’s one or two have high rates, take it get back because there’s probably a lot of components to make that up, so I shall get back to you after the call.
Jim Pearson: We have some additional debt outstanding and we have some of that debt had variable rates, so those rates could increase on that also Angie. So it’s primarily associated with additional interest costs.
Jim Pearson: Paul, this is Jim. What that slides referring to is that we looked at the discount rate at the end of the third quarter, which we traditionally do and we say what would be change to our GAAP earnings be, if that discount rate remain in effect till December 31. So what that’s representing is a discount rate that goes from 5% down to a range of either 4.25% to 4.5%. That also takes into account a change in the mortality tables where the liability increases by 4%. So that’s not a cash flow benefit, its just a change in the liability of our pension plan that we would have to report the impact to GAAP if the discount rates stays where it is today.
Jim Pearson: Okay. Thanks everybody. Thanks for joining us today. If you didn’t have a chance to ask your questions, please contact our IR Department. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at the Annual EEI Financial Conference in Dallas. As you heard today, we’re making solid progress on the initiatives that the designed to deliver predictable and sustainable growth at our regulated distribution and transmission businesses. And you will hear more at EEI of our future transmission investment opportunity. In our competitive business, we’re implementing a sound strategy to reduce risk, while positioning the business for the future. At the same time, we continue to strongly advocate for market reforms that can better support much needed price stability and service reliability and we’re pleased to see growing momentum in support of these changes. We’re building a foundation for long-term value and growth for our investors and we appreciate your continued support. Thanks and look forward to seeing you in Dallas.
