James F. Pearson: Yes, well, I'll start off with that, Dan. Well, let me start off. I think the low price of the $565 million or whatever is, that's just a nonstarter. So I'll leave that at that. From a balance-sheet perspective, we think we're in pretty good shape by getting the FirstEnergy Corp. bond deal down, where we upsized it to $1.5 billion. And we also feel we're in a very good position with the hydro sales, so we feel real comfortable about that. And as you know, we plan to infuse equity from FirstEnergy down into Mon Power associated with this asset transfer. If the asset transfer doesn't go forward, we would likely infuse that equity that we have planned for Mon Power down into FES. So I think we'd end up at a good position for the balance sheet there at FES.
James F. Pearson: We would use those proceeds, Jonathan, to pay down some of the short-term borrowings that we have there right now associated with paying down the debt.
James F. Pearson: Yes, I would say that was fair, Stephen. And one of the things I said to the earlier question of -- on the FES side specifically is if the Harrison asset transfer goes through, then we will use those proceeds to continue our debt reduction there. If that transaction would not go forward, then the money that we had targeted to infuse from FirstEnergy holding company down to Mon Power, we could use those proceeds to infuse down into FirstEnergy Solutions, bolster their equity and give them those proceeds to pay down debt.
James F. Pearson: Well, I would say the primary thing that we'll be looking at, Neel, would be the hydro asset sale, when we get that completed and how successful we are there. But as we said, we do plan to issue equity sometime towards the end of the year and it would be up to $300 million. So I'd say the key benchmark to be looking at would be the hydro sale.
James F. Pearson: Yes, I think we said that the critical units were running around 74%. We probably have that number right there.
James F. Pearson: Well, I think on the first part of your question, Paul, I think we originally said that the transmission spend was going to be several hundred million dollars higher, absent building this plant. But we'll have discussions with PJM, and that additional spend is not likely to incur -- to occur until after 2016. And it could be as late as 2019 or '20. So I think that's the answer there. As far as impacting the capacity auction, as Tony said, the '15, '16 auction did not include AMP, and so the changes between '15 and '16 and '16 and '17 will be on what PJM's assessment is on demand growth, what happens with DR and if there's any new generation. So...
James F. Pearson: Let me take that since I was last one, Ray. Yes, our bank credit facilities, we expect to close that in the very near term and we're going to extend that out by 1 year through May of 2018. And yes, the accordion feature will be for $500 million and that will at the corp. level. As far as the securitization, we've filed our registration statement. We've got comments back from the SEC. We're in the process of responding to those comments. And my expectation, that in the very near future, we'll be ready to take that to market.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, Dan, this is Tony. As I'm looking at this, I think this is far more important to West Virginia and Mon Power, in terms of providing them with a stable and long-term resource that they can rely on, than it is, at this point, from a balance sheet standpoint at FES or FirstEnergy.
Anthony J. Alexander: Dan, I think it's a little early. It's still spotty. We're seeing real strength right now in steel and in chemicals, and there is absolutely a lot of upside if we can get this manufacturing and further development of the shale gas plays really into an economic development engine for this area. But I think it still too early to say, because some of the other things are not as strong. Automotive's down a little bit, but the fact of the matter is there's been a number of announced projects, that as they go forward, should provide some upside on the industrial sales side. So right now, I'm cautiously optimistic that we're going to start seeing the economy improve and begin to see some of the expected real growth that can occur in this area as a real energy center for America.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think it's always interesting. I've heard what they've said in the main and I don't really have any reason to say otherwise. I think there's going to be a lot more generation removed from both the energy and capacity markets as we go forward. That will bring the demand -- the supply side more in balance over time. I'm not sure that, that's fully reflected yet in the forward prices that we're seeing out there. And on the demand side, we're certainly hopeful that, by the time we move into these time frames, there is more robust economic activity than we've seen here recently. So a combination of demand and supply, as it naturally would affect prices, we would expect to see some upside.
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, it just means that we're going to hold some sales back to take advantage of higher energy prices as they materialize in time, because we truly believe that they are going to rise. And therefore, we're going to slow down the amount of, otherwise, contracting we would do into forward periods.
Anthony J. Alexander: I'd say, at this point, probably you shouldn't be looking for anything in the near term. Remembering that the '15, '16 auction did not clear the peaking unit at -- in that area, transmission requirements were put in place to address those concerns, as well as RMR agreements or RM, whatever -- RMR agreements which should cover that period. I would expect by the time that we get to the '16 and '17 time frame and beyond is where people would begin looking at whether or not any additional transmission's required. So I'm not expecting anything near term.
Anthony J. Alexander: That isn't for the current year. That's set on prior years' net peak demand. And I think that was actually for the end of '10, beginning of '11, where that peak was, maybe from July 1, 2010 through June 30 or May 31 of '11. So that peak demand has -- deals with prior periods. It has nothing to do with this current year.
Anthony J. Alexander: Michael, I'll let Leila jump in on this. But at this point, we have various things in front of the commission. It's the generic proceeding on the storm costs. We also have filed for a base rate increase and we've asked the commission to consider the storm costs as part of our base rate proceeding. But at this point, we would not expect that rates would go into effect until probably the first or second quarter of 2014. We have our -- currently, we have hearings scheduled for the September through the November time frame. So it's not likely we will hear anything until early next year.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, they came out with a report, I believe it was in the February timeframe, where they gave a report on FirstEnergy consolidated. We've shared our plan with them. I think they're waiting to see the success of some of the financial initiatives that we've laid out, as well as the outcome in the Jersey rate proceedings. So I think they're waiting to see the end results of all of those. But we've fed them all of the information, and we're in active dialogue with them.
Anthony J. Alexander: Signal Peak, it's producing very well. I think we're into the third long wall move. I think, probably beginning next year, we'll start on the surface mining. So at this point, it's performing very well. We're getting low cost out of the mine, production's increasing. And I would say ultimately, we would look to sell the asset. We've said that, that's not a business that we want to be in long term. But it's not one of the assets that we're focused on right now.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, the source of funds, as we had always said from the Mon Power asset transfer, we would infuse equity into Mon Power from FE Corp. So we went out, we raised $1.5 billion, so it would be funds that were sitting there at FE Corp. And instead of pushing those down to Mon Power, we could push them down to FES if we need be. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your support and your interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks everybody.
Donald R. Schneider: I really haven't changed my opinion here, Dan. We'll see here in a couple of weeks, obviously, where the auction comes out.
Donald R. Schneider: Michael, this is Donny. It depends on the time frame in which we need those purchases. Obviously, if it's a summertime load issue, we'll either go out and buy -- we'll buy forwards or we'll buy call options to cover that. And if it's associated with the shoulder months, which is sometimes more likely, believe it or not, because we'll have units on scheduled outages, we'll let some of that ride in the spot market, not a large percentage of it, but we'll let some of it ride. We're very comfortable with being able to procure power to serve load. For years, prior to our merger with Allegheny, we served all of the Penelec and Met-Ed load. I think that, in total, was about 30 terawatt hours a year, and we did all -- almost all of with purchased power.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I think that the short answer is, Michael, we would not leave ourselves that exposed. We're going to -- if we're into the summer months and it's on-peak power requirements, we're going to cover that up with a combination of forwards and calls.
Donald R. Schneider: Charles, I don't -- this is Donny by the way. We generally use POLR sales almost as a plug, if you will, depending on how our other sales are going, and obviously, we also take a look at how competitive that POLR sale is. So they could be related, that if we've slowed down and we've become more selective around our retail sales and a good opportunity comes along in the POLR market, we may step into that little stronger. But it would really depend on what the competitors were doing in that particular auction at the time.
Michael J. Lapides: Okay. And then last item. If I look at Page 13 in the release, where you show kind of all your contract sales and your wholesale sales. One thing that stands out a little bit is just -- and I know your total megawatt hours sold has gone up year-over-year, but so has your purchase power level, especially your spot purchase power. Meaning your total purchase power is up almost 2 terawatt hours year-over-year, your spot purchase power is, I don't know, up 1.7 and change. Just curious about kind of risk management and how far in advance you procure those spot megawatt hours. I'm just trying to think about exposure, kind of exposure to future volatility in spot power prices for -- to purchase power to supply your retail customers.
Michael J. Lapides: Okay. But how does that flow through? Let's say this summer, you're buying power in the spot market to serve your retail load, and for some reason, there's -- someone else has planned outages and there's a spike, a $10 or $15 increase per megawatt hour. How does that impact retail margins? And how does it impact -- I'm just trying to think about the exposure to volatility, kind of week over week or month over month, in power prices. And I don't mean kind of the $1 or $2 dollar movements. I mean, like we saw in New England this past winter, where you saw major movements in the short-term pricing.
Michael J. Lapides: Got it. So it's safe to assume by, like a May, June time frame, you've probably locked up the summer requirements, unless the demand is ridiculously hot, in which case other parts of your business would benefit.
