Jon Taylor: Yes. Well, Shar, so if you look at the returns for the Ohio utilities, they have been trending down over the last few years. If you go back to 2020, we were reporting returns in the 13% range versus 8.3% as of the end of March. Obviously, the seat settlement that we reached back in 2021 impacted the returns significantly with those annual rate credits to customers, the accounting changes that we made around veg management and corporate support cost had an impact on our returns as well as just continued investment in rate base with about $1.5 billion of incremental rate base, which is over 50% since the last rate case, which comes with the associated increases in depreciation and property taxes. And to your point, if you look at recently approved rate cases in Ohio, ROEs have averaged somewhere between 9.5% to 9.9% and capital structures with equity between 50% to 54%. And that’s really in line with what’s included in our DCR and AMI riders that recovers our distribution reliability and in Grid Mod capital investment program. So I feel like we’ve positioned the Ohio companies the best we can, and we’re looking forward to the opportunity to file the case next year.
Jon Taylor: Well, I would say our first focus is filing the application for the Brookfield transaction and to get that closed. And if you think about that transaction, coupled with the other transactions that we’ve already closed on, we will have raised $7 billion of equity or equity-like capital. When it comes to other instruments that you’re referring to, we look at all types of instruments all the time to see if we can maximize or optimize our financing plan. and that’s exactly what we do. If you’re looking at our short-term borrowing rate at 6.5%, 7%, we feel like we need to look at opportunities to find cheap financing to offset those costs.
Jon Taylor: So Jeremy, we’ve talked about before. In our plan today, we see Signal Peak’s earnings contribution declining on an absolute basis as well as a relative basis. So less than 10% of the earnings going forward. And right now, if you look at the price curve for Newcastle Coal, on average about $175 a ton, that supports that assumption. Strategically, we’ve looked at that asset before. It’s a very difficult asset to monetize, but it is something that we look at from time to time, we will continue to do so.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So the weather for Q1 was about a $0.12 impact to the plan. Absent the abnormal conditions we saw in Q1, we would be slightly ahead of plan for the first quarter. Now we have seen positive, what I’ll call, weather-adjusted load primarily in our residential sector. We’ve seen that trend over the last several months. In fact, if you look at the last few years, our residential load typically comes in anywhere from 1% to 2% better than our load forecast. And so we see a little bit of a tailwind associated with weather-adjusted load for the rest of the year. As you mentioned, we are looking at further cost reduction opportunities. You probably saw, we’ve terminated some sponsorship agreements. We announced a facility optimization plan that – to consolidate real estate. And we’re also being very selective in backfilling attrition, especially for our non-bargaining employees. And then we’re also looking at our financing plan, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of how we can reduce short-term borrowings and we get better cost of capital associated with our debt financings.
Jon Taylor: That’s right. In fact, if you look at just quarter by quarter and if you think about last year, really what’s going to help us offset the pension is some of the actions we took last year to accelerate operating expenses from ‘23 into ‘22, and we really didn’t make that decision until the third quarter. So you’ll really see the uplift in earnings beginning in the third quarter.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Dave, I mean, I think we will take a look at all of those types of proposals as they come up. We – I don’t – I think it’s too early to handicap at this stage our prospects. But something that we’re very interested in participating in. We think we’re well positioned in the state to provide value and support those plans, and we will keep the investor community up to speed as we progress.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean we have seen some decline in Newcastle power prices or coal prices, but you got to remember that about 60% of their volume was already locked in at a fixed price and about 40% of it was indexed to Newcastle coal prices. So we have seen with those index times a slight deterioration in the earnings contribution for Signal Peak, but it’s not nearly as dramatic as the decline in Newcastle forward prices, and it’s manageable in the context of what we’re thinking about for this year.
Jon Taylor: Well, it was a very comprehensive report. We’re continuing to review the recommendations. I think we have an opportunity to provide feedback at some point down the road, and we will do that at the right time. But we’re going through the recommendations. I think there are many recommendations that we will accept, but there are probably some recommendations that we will need to have further discussion on.
Jon Taylor: Well, I mean, Angie, I think through the first quarter, the pension has performed very well. I think the returns were 7%. The discount rate had come down about 20 basis points. And we are tracking to that level as we speak today. And so in the plan, we have pension, the pension kind of at the same level we have this year, and we are working to get trackers to protect the companies from volatility in the pension plan in New Jersey, in Maryland and we will likely propose something like that in West Virginia. So, we are doing what we can to protect customers as well as investors from the volatility in the pension plan. But based on everything we know today, everything is tracking a little bit better than we had anticipated.
Jon Taylor: Well, I do think at some point down the road, we are going to look to consolidate our Ohio utilities just like we have proposed in Pennsylvania. The timing is a little bit to be determined. And so we are just working through that. But regardless of whether we propose to consolidate, you are still going to likely have three sets of rate books, right. And you will kind of get to parity within the tariffs over time. I think we have had other utilities in the state that have consolidated their entities as well as their rate books, and that took some time. The legal entity consolidation is one step, but then to consolidate from a rate perspective, probably takes several rate cases a few years, that type of thing. So, it is something that we are looking at and we will likely execute on, but the timing is a little bit to be determined.
Jon Taylor: Hey Greg, this is Jon Taylor. Those audits have been stayed for another six-month period. I think that happened back in February. So, you are looking at the August timeframe where they could potentially start back up. But in between [Technical Difficulty] and then there is really nothing that we can do to resolve those or to continue with that work. It’s just really up to the commission who ordered the stay. And as soon as the stay is lifted, then we hope to get back to working to resolve those.
Jon Taylor: Yes. I mean so the facility optimization effort is probably a $0.02 run rate type of impact if you look at the lease cost, if you look at the maintenance costs, those types of expenses that we incur associated with the facility. So, it’s not a significant driver in the terms of the level of O&M that we spend, but it’s important. Those types of things add up. And with respect to your second question on Signal Peak, they will probably start hedging ‘24, I would say, later either this summer or early fall, which is consistent with their past practices. But at this point in time, that’s open.
Jon Taylor: Yes. So, the 5% when you have like extreme weather conditions like we saw in the first quarter, coming up with your – the weather impact and the weather adjusted impact, it’s a little bit more of an art than a science just because of the extreme circumstances. So – but what I would say is that the trends over the last few quarters and quite frankly, if you look at our performance over the last few years, the trends have been favorable relative to our forecast in the residential sector, increasing 1% to 3% depending on the month, depending on the time of year. So, that’s what we are seeing and that’s what we are kind of forecasting for the rest of this year.
Jon Taylor: No. I mean we saw it a little bit like auto has taken a little bit of a downturn in terms of what we are seeing in the industrial sector. Metals was slightly down, plastic and rubber was a little bit down. But we are also seeing some bright points. Steel continues to perform very well. Food and manufacturing tends to perform very well. So, it’s a little bit of a mix.
Jon Taylor: Well, the $0.05 charge in Q1 was primarily the termination agreement for a sponsorship we had. You won’t see that level of cost to achieve going forward.
Jon Taylor: No, we definitely have a solid plan to get there by 2025. I think a lot of it depends on the level of proceeds that comes in from the FET sale initially. We have – we will see 50% of the proceeds that’s a minimum, but we could see more and put that money to work. And if we receive more of the money upfront, then there is a possibility we could be at that 14% level. If you net the receivable against the debt, we would absolutely be at 14%. But once we get the proceeds and put that to work, we will be in that 14% to 15% range.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean as we’ve talked about, Steve, Brian was always someone that we thought would be very good in this role because of his deep experience in this industry. also is time Blackstone, that was very valuable experience. So we always viewed him as a really good candidate. We were very pleased that early this year. We saw him as available. We did not before that, but we saw that he saw the great fit as well. So there was mutual belief that he could be the right person. And truly his experience around regulatory environment in Ohio, other locations, all of his experience around the best way to run the operations and optimize operations over time, all fit with our plan. The heavy investments in our wires business, our T&D business, and so the more we discussed earlier this year with Brian, the more we saw that is the right fit. And obviously, the Board really feels good about the fact that Brian will be joining us on June 1. We’ve been able to spend some time with Brian. He’s been very busy, but we’ve spent some very good quality time, and I continue to be very confident that he’s the right person and I’m very confident in his ability to execute and deliver on our plan.
John Somerhalder: Yes, Steve, I mean, we have spent a good amount of time with Brian and provided a lot of good information. Based upon my interactions with Brian, I’m confident that he’s committed to execute on our plan.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean there are – there is a fairly big disconnect between domestic coal prices in the U.S. compared to seaborne coal prices. And the good news is the first quarter came in very much in line with what our expectations were. And if you look at the forward curve, even though it’s coming down, it’s very much in line and supportive of what we have in our ‘24 and ‘25 plan. The real impact we see is this year, the prices because of the supply-demand fundamentals, milder conditions in Europe, fairly robust supply from some areas that supply Newcastle coal, Australia and others, the impact tends to be over the next several quarters where we see the impact. And as John said, that’s what we’re putting together plans to make sure we have other ways to address that and stay on track with our plan.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I think absolutely the latter. The Board strongly supports the plan. I mean we view this as – the most important thing is that we execute on the plan and continue to execute on the plan. I think our track record over the last year or 2 years related to the Brookfield first transaction, Jon talked about, the second transaction. What we have done related to even with supply chain issues, making sure that we are investing in our business and meeting our schedules on capital deployment. The Board really views that the steps we have taken to-date, the good progress we have made and continued execution on that plan is what will deliver the value and close that discount gap that you referenced. So, Board is firmly committed to that plan.
John Somerhalder: What we are committed to do is work very closely with the State of West Virginia with the commission. And they have instructed us to do this analysis. I mean we see this as – we all have an interest to make sure this is in the best interest of the customers in West Virginia, the State of West Virginia. And that because of the fact that the plant is a newer plant, has enhanced environmental controls, it’s a good question that needs to be evaluated. So, we see it as an appropriate thing to do. We do need to make sure it’s in the best interest of our customers and all. And so we see this as an opportunity to truly evaluate whether this is the right path forward. We are committed to work with the group or with all the stakeholders in West Virginia.
John Somerhalder: Yes. Julien, I don’t want to commit to a timeframe. Obviously, we want to get Brian on Board and get him ready to go with the plan and put his fingerprint on it. So, I am going to leave it as kind of a to-be-determined. But my sense is, we will give you that outlook at some point in time. But I just want Brian to come in and really get into the details of the plan and really try to drive where he wants to take the company going forward.
John Somerhalder: Yes. If you look at the level of capital investment that is needed across the system, yes, I feel really good about the 6% to 8% long-term.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean we have seen the right trend related to EVs and other factors, not really people moving into the service territory. But that’s starting to drive, but that’s a fairly small issue right now. Most of what we have seen is really just the trend over the last couple of years of usage residentially with people more working from home and other factors that have influenced it and we are now being able to take that into account with our weather-adjusted load moving forward.
John Somerhalder: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We very much appreciate your continued support this year.
