Steve Strah: Good morning, everyone. It's good to speak with you today. As always, I'll begin with a couple of housekeeping items. First, reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter are available on our website in the strategic and financial highlights document. Also, we continue to present operating results and projections on a fully diluted basis, this provides the best comparative view of our performance. As of July 22nd, there are currently 181,520 preferred shares outstanding, with conversions expected to be completed by January of 2020 Now let's look at our results. Our second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.58 per share. Operating earnings were $0.61 per share, as Chuck mentioned, this was above the midpoint of our guidance. In our distribution business, our results were primarily impacted by very mild spring weather, which contrasted with a very hot spring in 2018. This drove lower load across all three of our customer classes. Results also reflect the absence of last year's benefit from a court ruling on cost incurred for renewable energy credits in Ohio. These factors were slightly offset by the impact of lower expenses and income taxes. Total distribution deliveries decreased compared to the second quarter of 2018 both in actual and weather-adjusted basis. Heating degree days were 20% below normal for the second quarter and 23% lower than the second quarter of 2018, while cooling degree days were about 4% below normal and 28% below the same period in 2018. Residential sales decreased 9.7% on an actual basis compared to the second quarter of 2018% and 2.4% on a weather-adjusted basis. Overall, our weather-adjusted residential sales have grown modestly over the last 12-month period. Second quarter sales in the commercial customer class decreased 5.6% on an actual basis and about 3.2%, when adjusted for weather. In our industrial class, load decreased 1.7% as continued growth in the shale gas sector was offset by lower usage from steel and automotive manufacturers. If you look back at the second quarter of 2018, steel sector usage was about the highest we've seen over the last four-year period and our automotive sector still included the now closed GM Lordstown plant. These changes contributed to the tough year-over-year comparison. Moving to our transmission business. Earnings increased as a result of higher rate base at our formula rate companies related to our continued investments in the Energizing the Future initiative. And at our corporate segment, second quarter results reflect lower operating expenses, which offset higher net financing costs. Before I open the call to your questions, I'll review a few items within recent ratings activity. We are pleased that Moody's upgraded the credit ratings yesterday of several of our utilities. Ohio Edison and Penn Power were both upgraded from Baa1 to A3. CEI was upgraded from Baa3 to Baa2 and Toledo Edison was upgraded 2 notches from Baa3 to be Baa1. The ratings outlook is positive for Ohio Edison and Penn Power and stable for CEI and Toledo Edison. We believe these upgrades in addition of those earlier this year by Moody's for ATSI, MAIT and JCP&L demonstrate the underlying strength and positive momentum of our regulated platform. In addition, as you may know, S&P recently revised its group rating methodology, which is used to determine issuer credit ratings for entities that are part of corporate groups. As a result, we expect to see positive actions for several of our operating companies that have a stronger credit ratings profile than the consolidated group. We are pleased with our progress this quarter and through the first half of this year, we remain focused on meeting our commitments to the investment community and executing our plans. Now let's take your questions.
Steve Strah: Yes, maybe I can tackle the weather at a high level issue Julien as we try to compare two very different quarters when you look at 2019 versus 2018. 2018 was very hot weather, it makes the quarter-over-quarter comparison challenging weather adjustment for us is art part science. And this is just one quarter, so it's kind of dangerous to compare them year-over-year. When you look at our trailing 12-month average, I think I'm more comfortable, looking at that and really on an overall basis total loads are about 0.2% to the positive. So we view that as the broader indicator. And I think Ohio tracks along very well with that comparison. Hopefully that helps.
Steve Strah: Paul, it's Steve Starh. So Chuck -- it's only July, we've really won't have a clear picture until we get to the end of the year. Specifically on what the asset performances as well as the impact of the full yield, yield curve. But right now based on what we know our funded status is right around 82%.
Steve Strah: Yes. So we ended 2018 right around 77% and keep in mind, we made a $500 million contribution earlier this year, so that benefited us and so the impacts that we have related to our return on assets are basically offset by the change in the full yield curve to date. So that washes and so the $500 million contribution really improved our funded status from 77% to 82%.
Steve Strah: It does reflect a settlements and we provide the ranges. Just to give us some flexibility as the years unfold to move some money around from state to state transmission to distribution et cetera for things that come up that are unforeseen and that's the only reason the ranges are there. I think you can expect us to be total capital and that $2.8 billion to $3 billion range each of the next several years.
Chuck Jones: Well, let me try to tackle it at a high level first and I don't think we're going to be prepared to speak to the exact nuances and how it's going to affect either 2018 and 2019 till we get a chance to fully analyze it. But the bill was our clean energy bill at its heart the decoupling is included in the bill to support Ohio’s clean energy goals. It allows all of the utilities to continue to work with customers to drive further energy efficiencies without a concern for the impact on the revenues with the companies. In Ohio, we have a shared mechanism for lost distribution revenue that this now eliminates the need for us to worry about that. And it's ultimately going to - it will help reduce customer bills because that energy efficiency mandates on our bills, we're going to grow significantly over the next several years. AEP, Duke and DPL already had some type of decoupling mechanisms in place. And I’ll point out this applies to the base rates only and as you already said Julien, it's a 90-day period before it goes into effect and then 30 days. So we're looking at November 20th would be the earliest date that we could file for being included under this new decoupling mechanism. And the commission would ultimately has 60 days to make a decision. So that pushes it till January 19th. For me, as I look at it, I think if you combine the decoupling opportunity with the seat provisions that were combined - that were included in the budget bill with our ESP that's already in place through 2024. It puts us in a position for our Ohio companies where the base distribution revenues can be very predictable and very strong. And the growth in our Ohio utilities is going to come from continued investments in the DCR rider and the 516 million that was just approved for the grid modernization rider. So I think it's going to ultimately provide a very clear and transparent story for our three Ohio companies, but I just can't give you the specifics on the details of how it affects 2018 and 2019 just yet. We've got to get into it.
Chuck Jones: And on this topic, I just want to take a moment to say how great it is in the State of Ohio to have leadership in Columbus, who actually looks at issues and is willing to lead. I want to complement our Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Senate President, Speaker of the House, numerous members of the legislature and Senate, and the Chairman of the Commission because they all work together on a very complex bill here. With a goal I think of providing stable and transparent rates for customers going forward and keeping their Ohio utilities strong at the same time. I think they came up with an approach that was very strong in terms of looking out for this industry and our customers in the State of Ohio.
Chuck Jones: Well, let me kind of take it from the beginning. First, I don't believe there was ever any plan to decommission both units together. One unit is owned by Exelon, one unit is owned by FirstEnergy through GPU nuclear and the utilities as I said. And I think both Exelon and us are going to make our own decisions about how to move forward with our assets. Our decision was up until now we've been relying on Exelon for some support with TMI-2. And there is ongoing monitoring and things you have to do that now that they have made the decision to close TMI-1 that caused us to start looking more seriously at what we needed to do with TMI-2. And I think that basically what I'm trying to say is the term sheet outlines an approach whereby all of the liability for decommissioning along with the decommissioning fund the license, the property, the assets, will all be transferred to Energy Solutions and it will get FirstEnergy out of the nuclear business entirely.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that's the thesis from Energy Solutions perspective is, that they’re good at this. There is plenty of money in the trust fund and they believe they can execute and decommission it for less than what's in the trust fund with whatever is left over being their margin so to speak on the decommissioning.
Chuck Jones: I'll turn it over to Steve, but I'll point out that it's July and while the returns on our pension have been doing really well. Last year December was a horrible month and caught everybody by surprise. So we can't really predict in July, what we think is going to happen, but we can give you. And Steve will give you a kind of a year-to-date outlook on where we're at.
Chuck Jones: And I would just round it off by saying, we don't see a need for an additional contribution through our planning period through 2021.
Chuck Jones: I would say the baselines been where the baseline spend but we just, we just went through our FE Tomorrow program which reduced some of our obviously corporate O&M and exceeded our original targets by $50 million. So that's all been baked in to our current numbers going forward as we make these investments in transmission and distribution. What we're trying to do is make investments that have offsetting reductions in O&M that can allow us to kind of keep our O&M flat as things like wages and the cost of material and supplies go up incrementally each year.
Chuck Jones: Well, of new businesses part of what we deal with every single year inside both our distribution and transmission budgets. In transmission there have been several fairly substantial projects in recent years, dealing with the shale gas development in West Virginia and Pennsylvania in particular, so we cover all of that within those existing capital budgets. We plan for a certain amount, it moves around each year, but new business as part of what we plan for every single year and there is no need to really I think contemplate anything exceptional there.
Chuck Jones: I think you should think of it this way, I mean first of all, we're very disappointed, as I said in the court ruling. And we think we've made a rehearing application that has strong legal basis, but the cash that came from that rider it was factored into our capital plan, which I already said is going to be $2.8 billion to $3 billion each year for the next several years across the whole footprint. It's not going to affect what we spend on capital. It's not going to affect our growth rate over the period. In fact, nobody ever gave us credit for it anyway. And now, it's a big deal when it's not going to be there for two quarters, it's cash and we've worked hard to strengthen our balance sheet. Steve articulated, particularly the recent credit rating agency actions on our Ohio utilities with upgrades at all of them in a double upgrade at one of them. So the impact of the cash is we don't like it, but it's not going to take us off track from the story that we're telling you, which is 6% to 8% growth and solid movement in Ohio with the CR and the grid mod writers.
Chuck Jones: I don't think we can and we're still formulating it and until we know exactly which projects and which -- what our goals are going to be, we can't. But, but the range of capital that we give you is a range. That's large enough that if we decide to expand LTIIP it would take us to the top end of that range if we decide to keep it where it's at we may hang at the bottom of that range, but I think you can expect, as I've said somewhere on the order of $2.8 billion to $3 billion of capital invested in our companies over the next several years every year.
Chuck Jones: No, I think what we file and LTIIP. We have the ability to recover through the desk and then ultimately, when we get to the point where it's 5% of revenues for our company, then we'll have to have a base rate case to continue, but I don't think you should expect us to tell you anything unless, unless that capital range that we've given you would change for some reason other than that we have that range to allow flexibility for us to manage the different things that come out throughout the year at all these companies.
Chuck Jones: All right. Well, it will be I think our shortest earnings call. I hope you weren't too bored. But it feels good to be where we're at. And thank you for your support. Look forward to talking to you with the third quarter call
