Steve Strah: Thanks, John. The comprehensive assessment and re-calibration of our ethics and compliance program has been running on a parallel path to FE Forward. Our transformational effort to enhance value for all stakeholders by investing in modern and distinctive experiences that will improve the way we do business, we have improved our programmatic efforts to mature our ethics and compliance program into the FE Forward work. In this way, we can leverage FE Forward’s rigor to implement changes quickly and efficiently, embed ethics and compliance into our operational culture and ensure we sustain a comprehensive transformation well into the future. FE forward has entered its third phase, which is a full-scale effort to execute our implementation plans. The program is expected to deliver value and resilience including cumulative free cash flow improvements of approximately $800 million from 2021 through 2023 and an annual run rate capex efficiencies of about $300 million in 2024 and beyond. At the same time, we expect the program to build on our strong operations and business fundamentals as we reinvest a portion of our efficiencies into strategic opportunities to better serve our customers and support a smarter and cleaner electric grid. To ensure our organizational structure supports these improvement over the long term, we realigned our business units last month around five pillars: Finance and Strategy, Human Resources and Corporate Services, Legal, Operations and Customer Experience. This new structure reflects a best-in-class model and supports operational excellence, clarity in decision making and accountability and less complexity. As part of this new organizational structure, we’ve created a customer experience function that will truly understand our customers’ evolving expectations, so we can develop solutions and drive benefits to customers. We’ve also created a new position, Vice President transformation to shepherd the FE Forward initiatives across our company, while also developing customer focused emerging technology opportunities. The development of executable plans, a best-in-class compliance program and critical organizational changes will position the company to move forward in a positive sustainable direction. I’ll just take a moment now and review recent regulatory matters starting in Ohio. First, in July, the PUCO approved our filing to return approximately $27 million to our Ohio utility customers, representing all revenues that were previously collected through the decoupling mechanism plus interest. Our Ohio utilities have filed supplemental testimony in the quadrennial review of our ESP IV. We are committed to working with a broad range of parties in Ohio to resolve the range of issues that are still pending here. We held our first full-scale collaborative meeting on March 31 and have since received further feedback from participants. We are preparing for another collaborative meeting in the next few weeks. We are also working through regulatory audits in Ohio, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and the FERC. Finally, in April, the New Jersey BPU approved JCP&L’s three year $203 million energy efficiency and conservation plan, which includes a return on certain costs, as well as the ability to recover lost distribution revenues. As per our financial results, we’re pleased with our strong performance in the first half of the year. We are reaffirming our 2021 operating earnings guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share and we expect to be at the top half of that range. We are also introducing third quarter guidance of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. We remain focused on executing our plans, maintaining our costs and building on this positive momentum. We are making substantial progress to transform FirstEnergy live up to our values and deliver long-term value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your time and now I’ll turn the call over to Jon Taylor for review of second quarter results and the financial update.
Steve Strah: Shar, this is Steve. Thanks for the question. I think I’m going to start just with a few comments on the DPA and then quickly move to Ohio. This is truly a humbling moment for our company in terms of the DPA, the accountability that we stepped up and took as a company. So, we’re humbled by it, but we do view it as a very positive step for the company with many more steps down the path to restore confidence and trust. Along the way, within the DPA, obviously, we paid a significant penalty for accountability and we take that on and acknowledge that. We’re also going to continue to stay very focused as a team to remain fully compliant with all the requirements of the DPA and fulfilling those requirements will be very, very important for us, as well as continued cooperation with the DOJ. Globally, I believe this is really an inflection point, not only for me as the leader of the organization, but for our company in general. We have a great opportunity as we walk through this challenge, really to show that we can create a much better company at a much better path forward. So, we’re really looking forward to do that and you will see that change and it will be added center, having ethics and integrity at every level within this organization. So, I just wanted to make those statements on the DPA. As it pertains to Ohio, it’s a good question. We have a collaborative underway right now. We’ve had one meeting. We’re hoping to organize another meeting within the next several weeks. So, we want to respect that process and not speculate too much, but we’re confident that we can make significant progress in terms of restoring trust and confidence in the regulatory process. So, it’s our hope that we can put everything that’s on the collective agenda for the collaborative. On the table, discuss it, deal with it and be able to come up with a reasonable solution. Relative to our ESP IV, our base rate case question that we get from time to time, I believe those are one of the elements that are around the table that we’re very willing to discuss. I would also point back just a little bit, Shar, to what we have accomplished in Ohio with regard to not pursuing lost distribution revenue, the refund of decoupling. We have the reestablishment of the 2024 base rate case requirement. And I think the DPA, now that it’s behind us, will open up more opportunities for a pathway forward in Ohio.
Steve Strah: Well, very good question. Thank you. This is Steve. I would say, it represents an opportunity for our company based on what I’ve been able to see from the current administration. We have over the course of the last six to seven years developed a true core competency in terms of being able to construct transmission projects and be able to extract the value that’s needed to support a reliable grid and I think that core competency now can be unleashed with any infrastructure plan that is developed and approved through the administration and Congress. So, I see that as a very good opportunity for our company.
Steve Strah: Well, Steve, I think we have a – we have an excellent base business plan. Let’s just start there. Our transmission spend, if you call it a $1 billion to a $1.2 billion per year, that’s a very sustainable pipeline of needed work that will span the next two decade period. So, we’re excited about the infrastructure program that might be coming forward. We’re excited about leveraging our transmission system and embracing renewables as they approach the system as an opportunity on the distribution side of the house. I’m particularly excited about some of the programs that we have going on right now with smart grid, smart meter programs. I also believe that our company as well as the utility industry can play a central and key role relative to the infrastructure build out for electric vehicles, battery storage and other emerging technologies. So, I think that all represent a great opportunity for us. I also try to keep the customer in the center of that equation. So, as these emerging technologies are lowering in costs, I think that’s good for customers and once again, I think a company like ours could install these technologies in the best way possible on the T&D system to maximize their value at a low cost.
Steve Strah: Well, Stephen, I don’t think we’ve talked through. What we’ve already done, for example, this year, that we’ve integrated a compliance goal into our incentive compensation program for all employees. Right? So, we want to acknowledge positive behaviors in terms of raising issues and acknowledge that look folks are speaking up. We also want to get at other parts of our company in which we might be challenged from an ethics or integrity view. So, that work is already underway and as we’ve stated, it not only in our opening comments, but prior to that, we’re going to make ethics, integrity and openness, every bit is important in this company as safety is to this company. And that for us puts it right at the very top of our focus each and every day, each and every moment. So, while we will talk through additional compensation matters, I’m sure in the future, like every company does, to challenge ourselves for goals that really truly make a difference in performance and propels you forward. We are really just very, very focused on implementing our new Code of Conduct that John mentioned and then also the build out of a best-in-class compliance and ethics program.
Steve Strah: Yes. And this is Steve. I would just underscore one of Jon’s points here. I would be very pleased to resolve the Ohio issues by year end, for sure, but I am determined to do it in a way in which it truly is collaborative. So, we are not going to be in a rush to do something that’s going to up end the process unnecessarily, but my true hope is that everybody will come to the table with progress and openness on their minds.
Steve Strah: No, it’s across the entire business. I mean, it’s from our utility companies, all the way to our corporate centers. So, they’re in the process today of executing on all the different initiatives. We are uploading all of that into our financial plan and that will be part of our go-forward plan in the fourth quarter assuming that we get some of these things resolved.
Steve Strah: Well, I think we have real experience in that I think Puget just got 32 times on their transaction, Duke got 28 times, CenterPoint got 38 times. So, I mean it’s in the range of what we’ve seen in the industry.
Steve Strah: I would tell you we’re working through that. We would like to structure it in a tax efficient manner. But to the extent that we can’t and we do have $7 billion of NOLs that we could utilize. So, still TBD on that, but something that we’re working through.
Steve Strah: Yes. Durgesh, it’s probably a little too early to get into that level of detail. I would just tell you that the transactions that we’ve seen in our space have had solid valuations, which tells me, there is a lot of interest in regulated assets and so my expectation is there is going to be a lot of interest in anything we do.
Steve Strah: I would like to think about all those issues being under one umbrella. Our first meeting that we had in March, we were very careful to go in and listen to concerns, listen and get input on different things that could be done in Ohio for the benefit of customers. So, yes, I would like to put all of this under one umbrella once we reengage the collaborative and now that the DPA is behind us, I think we really do have a very good opportunity to not only listen, but then start to proceed to some level of action, it would be my greatest hope.
Steve Strah: I want the process to unfold with the next meeting and I want to respect that process. So, my hope would be to make significant progress by the end of the year, but I do want to respect the process and that just simply mandates something.
Steve Strah: Sophie, I think we’ve talked about 12% to 13% no later than 2024. I think we would want to improve from there over time knowing that in our current business plan, probably 65% of our capex is formula rate spend, which provides incremental FFO each and every year. So, I would like to get to a spot where we’re 12% to 13% and improving over the long term.
Steve Strah: So, I think the rate case in 2024 will probably be something that is dealt with as part of the collaborative discussion with all the parties down in Columbus. So, to the extent that we can have clarity around that then we’ll obviously provide that in the fourth quarter that were the timeframe. So, I would tell you that we are open to those types of recommendations, if they – if the parties thought that we needed to come in to file a case sooner than that, I think we would be open to that and so it’s something that we’ll be discussing I’m assuming over the course of the next few months.
Steve Strah: Thank you very much and thanks for everyone being here with us today. As we described today, we continue to make solid progress to transform FirstEnergy to deliver the long-term value that our shareholders, our employees and all stakeholders seek. So, we will talk to you again very soon. And please be well and be safe. Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Shar, this is John. So, I’ll take that and if Steve wants to add on, I’d happy to do that as well. But I think for us, the priority is around ensuring that we achieve our balance sheet metrics. We have goals of 12% to 13%. We likely will face an additional headwinds with different types of litigation. We got some things cooking in Ohio that we need to deal with and so providing balance sheet support at an efficient cost is the number one priority. With respect to the different assets, I’m not going to get into specifics, but I would tell you that we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress since the first quarter. We are getting more and more comfortable with a minority interest sale in one of our assets and we’re fairly confident that that’s the right path forward. We think we can do this in a way that limits dilution to shareholders, but can raise a significant amount of capital that would eliminate all of our current equity needs, it would achieve our priorities around the balance sheet, provide funding for additional CapEx opportunities, all acknowledging the fact that we have additional headwinds that we’re going to face.
Jon Taylor: So, Jeremy, this is Jon. So, fourth quarter, so sometime in the fourth quarter, not the fourth quarter call, we’ll provide an update on our plan for equity financing. And so with respect to quantum, we’ll have to see, I would tell you this, right now, we have a $1 billion of non-SIP equity in 2022 and 2023. If you just assume $40 a share, that’s about $0.12 in dilution. If I sold $0.12 and regulated earnings at 32 multiple, that would be about $2 billion in proceeds.
Jon Taylor: Yes, Steven. So this is Jon. So, I think there’s a couple of things that we need to work through before we move to providing long-term guidance. Obviously, we have some issues that we need to resolve in Ohio. We have probably five to six different proceedings, we got the collaborative that we’re working through. So, we need to really have some clarity around our Ohio utilities. And then I think we also need to have a little bit more clarity and certainty around our equity plan. And then once we have those two things, I think we can get in to providing more of a long-term guidance range for you.
Jon Taylor: This is Jon. Yes, Julien, this is Jon. So, I think for sure, we will have clarity around our equity plan in the fourth quarter. I think we will do our absolute best to work with the parties down in Columbus to get some resolution there. I don’t know how long that’s going to take, but if we could get something by the end of the year that would be fantastic. And we would be in a position at that point in time to provide you a long-term outlook including earnings and cash flow.
Jon Taylor: Yes. That makes sense. If you remember, our base plan probably had us growing FFO $150 million, $200 million a year, we had our financing plan, which was really going to hold our debt levels somewhat flat or adjusted debt levels given where the pension is performing and our go-forward financing plan that included a $1 billion of equity. So, to the extent that we face headwinds in Ohio, we’ll be solving for that right.
SteveStrah: Yes. I appreciate your question. I think right now the best thing that we could do is what we have done and that is to hit the pause button, review and then appropriately revised our approach to everything from lobbying and the use of consultants and just take this one step at a time and thread the needle appropriately. As I’ve stated before that future vision is going to be much more limited than what it has been in our past because we are moving in a very clearly different direction with integrity and trust at the center of it. The other thing that I think you can count on is robust disclosures that we’ve committed to as part of the DPA and in other arenas. But look, I do understand the need to be in the arena and we will be in it, but we’re going to be in it and those issues that matter to our customers and to our company and we’re going to do that in a much more limited basis. So, I appreciate everybody’s patience around the pause button that we hit here, but we’re going to continue to just flat out do the right thing and constructing the right policy internally before we step back into the arena is the right thing to do.
SteveStrah: Yes. Paul. So, it’s too early to say, but my point was we would be open to it If that’s what the parties suggested.
SteveStrah: So as part of our collaborative discussions with the other parties, if there was a sense that we needed to file a case before May of 24, we would be open to that.
SteveStrah: Well, I think in John Somerhalder’s comments, he had stated that, look, we have moved to dissolve that committee and really it – we will maintain kind of behave reactive or responsive type capability and coordinate that with the SLC for any inbound additional issue. But by the dissolution of the committee itself. I think it really does represent that it’s at its conclusion.
SteveStrah: Yes. So, Andrew, I think as part of the FE Forward process, the goal would be to absorb any inflationary increases for the foreseeable future. So, right now, we spend about $1.25 billion on what I’ll call our base O&M program between corporate and our utility group and we would expect to hold that flat over the foreseeable future through different efficiencies and transformational efforts that we identified through FE Forward.
