Chuck Jones: All right. So first, Julien, operationally, I think it's important to point out and FirstEnergy is not unique here. Our industry has prepared for business continuity, every company and part of that has been for the last couple of decades, at least a pandemic Emergency Response Plan. We dusted it off a few times over the years with MERS and SARS and H1N1 and Ebola. This time, obviously, we put it into full implementation. The time to prepare for something like this isn't when it's happened. But it's in advance when life is normal. And we put a lot of thought into how we were going to go about this. And I just tell you, I'm very proud of our entire leadership team and literally down to every single employee. They've all stepped up, they've showed creativity, ingenuity. And I think, our operations are continuing almost as if normal, even with 7000 people working remotely, our field forces have maintained a positive attitude. We very quickly negotiated memorandums of understandings with all of our unions across the five states on how we were going to operate. They have the PPE. They have the ability to work in pods, as I said in my call, and that's three or four employees reporting to one location as opposed to having several dozen coming into a service center and delivering materials remotely. I think the proof is that it's working as we've had nine cases at FirstEnergy for a 13,000 employee workforce. One of those cases in New Jersey, unfortunately resulted in a death. But we've had zero cases where the disease has been transferred at work. And I think that shows that the things that we're doing are working. I think we can stay in this mode for a while. And I think that gives us the flexibility to be very thoughtful and deliberate on how and when we want to return to normal operations. I honestly don't think the world is going to get back to normal until there's widespread distribution of a vaccine for this virus. So, we're evaluating what the new normal is going to mean in the interim. But, to your specific question on CapEx, a big piece of our guidance in our CAGR is driven by those investments. And as I said, we don't see any supply chain interruptions that we're worried about right now. And that includes the workforce supply chain, because most of the significant capital investment that we're making is being done with a contracted workforce that we lined up many, many years ago. We lined up really before we started energizing the future seven years ago. So right now, I mean, I don't see anything that I'm worried about taking this off track. And that's why we're comfortable with being able to not only reaffirm our guidance for this year, but reaffirm our CAGR.
Chuck Jones: Well, first on the rate case, it got delayed, I think a little bit as everybody was responding and reacting to this pandemic. But I think they'll get the schedule back on track here soon. Assign it to an ALJ, get a procedural schedule. We weren't anticipating really anything to happen with a final outcome on that case this year anyway. I think there will be opportunities along the way to have settlement discussions, if that would happen, it'll be late this year at the earliest I would think. So I don't -- I just don't expect much impact of that rate case in 2020. And there's none of that in our guidance anyway. As far as the IIP, the current IIP runs through the end of this year. And I think right now, I'm not sure that we're even going to file for an additional IIP. We're still evaluating it. But right now, we don't have any plans to do that. We've got the investments that we're making in capital going on in transmission and other states in our operating area. And I think we're going to be fine with the service to our customers in New Jersey after this first round.
Chuck Jones: We don't have any plans for a broad rate case activity in Pennsylvania for the next several years. And I think that LTIP and the DSIC mechanism are working fine. And they're generating the type of investment that's needed for customers and they're generating reliable returns for shareholders without lag. So I think the way things work in Pennsylvania are working fine and I don't see any reason to change it.
Chuck Jones: Well, we haven't exactly seen a lot of load growth across our footprint over the last half a dozen years or so really since the last big recession. And so, the impact on customers is always something that we're very thoughtful about as we make these investments. But I do believe these investments are investments that are needed. The transmission and distribution infrastructure we have at FirstEnergy is old. It's in some cases in need of repair and modernization. I think that the automation that we're adding in some areas, we're making these changes to serve customers better. And I think we're doing it in a way by moving it around from state to state and so forth, that that we are constantly watching out for the impact on customers and keeping our bills very moderate and keeping our rates amongst the lowest in pretty much every jurisdiction that we work in. So I think we keep an eye on that all the time. And I don't see anything happening here that's going to cause us to have to significantly adjust our plans.
Chuck Jones: As of right now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're not seeing anything that concerns us. We made a decision at FirstEnergy a number of years ago, four, four and a half years ago to implement a Buy America strategy. So we don't rely a whole lot on foreign supplies. We're 80% plus buy in from American made -- buy America made products from American companies. And I do think that well, in the short-term -- I think in the short-term, the risk was bigger there. I think you're going to see the states have to reopen. And I do think from our experience, there are ways to bring people back to work and give them the PP and take their temperatures. And introduce at some point, antibody testing and take steps to get people to work and still maintain a healthy workforce and not have this virus spread. So, I think you can accomplish both. Right now, I'm not concerned, I think that our supply chain is going to be fine.
Chuck Jones: Yes. And I'll add, Steve said that a third of it comes from transmission, which isn't load dependent.
Chuck Jones: In that case there will be a reduction in that customer's bill, but paying out when you think about across the entire segment, not all customers are going to have the ability to do that. And, all we're trying to tell you is, our experiences during past recessions, that even know throughput might be off by 13% revenue isn't off by that same amount because of these fixed charges and demand charges that occur in their bills.
Chuck Jones: I think what we're trying to say right now is that the diversity of our footprint, the diversity of our revenue streams with a third being transmission that's not load dependent. And 65% of the distribution revenue being residential and that piece at least as long as the stay at home or there in fact is growing that we see nothing that significantly give you a range of earnings of $0.20 that's going to take us outside of that range. So we were comfortable reaffirming our guidance. And as I said, I mean we're a big company and we have over $2 billion of O&M related expenses in our company and if we need to get a little more diligent at O&M discipline to offset some of what might be happening on the meter side of things, we'll do that. We've got a lot of moving parts as being a regulated utility that we can -- we can work to deliver on our commitments. So I think the way to take that is, yes, I'm certain that there are going to be in particular small businesses that don't reopen after this pandemic. They just don't have the working capital and the liquidity to survive something like this with no revenues coming in. But, I do think in time, somebody will replace them, because the services they were providing are needed by society. So I think, it's going to be deeper than what maybe a lot of people think and maybe more U-shaped than what some people think. But I think we're built to be able to handle it is the way I would say at FirstEnergy.
Chuck Jones: Well, so the biggest piece that I think a lot of people have been worried about is ultimate uncollectible expense. And in our case, we have recovery mechanisms in place in Ohio and New Jersey already as part of our normal operations to recover those. I think we're having conversations with other regulators. And I think with [indiscernible] guidance, I think you're going to see regulators across the country realize that there's going -- these are unique times and there's going to be a unique approach. And as I said, for the Maryland Public Service Commission, be the first ones to step out and take the lead on that. They should be very proud of their leadership. But, the costs so far aren't anything that have concerned me and right now, I'd say we're just treating it as another operating challenge that we need to overcome and still deliver on our commitments and over time, if they grow, we're going to be working with our regulators and we're going to be watching what others do. We're not normalizing any of these costs. Because, like I said, I'm treating it as a normal operating challenge today. But in the end if our whole industry starts to normalize COVID costs out, then I'm not going to put FirstEnergy at a disadvantage by not doing that. But right now, if these costs are not -- they're not anything I'm overly concerned about. We didn't have anything in the first quarter that we felt any need to have any special treatment for. And we're having discussions with our regulators in West Virginia and Pennsylvania to kind of fill the gaps similar to what Maryland has done.
Chuck Jones: No. I don't there's anything that we see that's problematic. If you think about our CapEx plan then I've shared these numbers in the past. We spend $3 billion in average $1 million to $1.5 million increments. So they're smaller projects for the most part. But our crews have been very creative and figuring out how to work safely. And they're doing a fantastic job. We had two pretty significant storms come through with over a half a million customer outages. And they restored service as fast as if not faster as we would do under normal operations. They are rising to the occasion and saying, "Look, we're essential workers and we're going to prove that we're essential," and they know the challenge of keeping the lights on to 6 million families and businesses is very important right now. So I don't see anything there that we are worried about either.
Chuck Jones: Well, the first thing that I would say, and I've been in this business for 40 years, I don't think it's fair to assume that every customer who can't pay their bill today is going to end up being a bad debt. My experience is customers want to pay their bills; they don't want a black mark on their credit history. And as long as we're flexible and work with them the right way, we can generally get to where we don't end up writing off a lot of what's going to get backed up here today. And we are getting -- we're worth thinking through how to be even more creative and more flexible and particularly working with our C&I customers, where in the past, we did not have payment arrangements for C&I customers. And we're looking at how we do that going forward again to help them ease back into business and get back up to more of a normal operations without having this bill be something they have to have to settle up day one. So in Ohio, and New Jersey, as I said it only becomes an uncollectible expense when we write it off. And we have the ability then to recover that from -- other customers to our existing rates, a little bit of a lag in New Jersey. We now have that ability under what Maryland did. And I think all of the companies in Pennsylvania will get together and have discussions with the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, still early on in this process. So while Maryland acted quick. The other regulators are looking at all of these COVID related costs too.
Chuck Jones: Yes. So I would just start by saying, again, I don't think there's anything significant to report. We still plan on no new equity until 2022. And then up to 600 million a year in 2022 and 2023. The metrics this year are turning out, this is the transition year with the delay in the Energy Harbor emergence from 2019 to this year. So the rating agencies are all looking beyond this year anyway. But excluding you Energy Harbor, we're in good shapes with all the current thresholds. We're at BBB with Fitch today. S&P revised our upgrade threshold to 12 from 13. And I think we will eventually support a positive outlook for us. We're having discussions with Moody's, about the upgrade threshold. And I think that's the important thing. As our current conversations with the rating agencies are focused on the top-end and what is needed for upgrades rather than where we've been in the past, which is worrying about the bottom end. And I think one of the key drivers for the discussions that we're having is, is our low risk profile that the agencies are now starting to see. The impact of the pandemic is a perfect example of our change in risk profile. We're dealing with it. We have no material change in our earnings, no material change in our pension funding status, no material change in our credit metrics. And we're able to do that because of the diversity of our footprint, the stable and constructive regulatory environments, 55% of our revenue coming from residential customers. And I would just tell you there's -- we have a very, very small generation footprint. Other large T&D companies like ours with 6 million or, multi-million customers have large generation businesses, even if regulated they support that. We only have a couple power plants left and so we don't have the risk of the generation side of this business either. And there are only one or two other companies in our space, I think with the low risk profile, that we enjoy at FirstEnergy. And I think that's what's forming the foundation of our discussions. We're focused on ultimately get into BBB with all three rating agencies and then a plan to stay there long term.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think that we'll engage in the conversations with the administration and the BPU in New Jersey. And we've got a lot of experience now with almost 2 million of them in Pennsylvania that we've already installed. We're beginning the process with grid mod in Ohio, where we will install around 700,000 in Ohio. I think that puts us in a position to really share in New Jersey what some of the benefits and some of the risks are. And we'll engage in the discussion and ultimately, that's where the policymakers in New Jersey want to go. Then we'll install a million smart meters in New Jersey just like we have in others states.
Chuck Jones: I think under -- the governor introduced his new energy master plan, just shortly before this pandemic hit. And I think that right now, everybody in the state government, including the BPU are focused on how to best get through this pandemic right now. So I think it's -- those discussions have been put off and they'll get picked back up, once New Jersey gets back into a kind of safe and healthy more normal operations.
Chuck Jones: I think you're reading into something that's not there. Our dividend policy is what it is. And we're kind of at the high-end of that range right now. So, I think that's more what it's signaling is that, we are in the high-end of the range that we committed to and so I don't know that you can expect one every single year but that's not my decision, that's our Board's, and we expect to honor the dividend policy that we've communicated.
Chuck Jones: All right, well, thanks to all of you. The good call, it's good to have a call where we're talking about regulated operations. I can't say running a regulated utility is boring right now with this pandemic, but I'm proud of our team, as I've said repeatedly, and we're going to get it -- get through this just fine. We're going to deliver on our commitments; we're going to keep our employees safe and healthy. We hope all of you can stay safe and healthy too. And look forward to seeing you in person when that makes sense again. Thank you. Take care.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks, Chuck. I think you really nailed it. We continue to look at this very carefully. The only thing I would add is that in addition to our own models, we're looking very carefully at economic indicators from Moody's and others to inform our view of the forecast going forward. And other than that Chuck spot on what you had to say.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Chuck, if I could jump in here. When I'm sensing up, pardon me, when I think about those demand rates in the scenario you just indicated, we have billing demands that are set on a monthly basis, what's the peak demand you hit on a monthly basis. So if a customer's running three separate shifts, and they go to one shift, their peak demand isn't necessarily as Chuck said earlier going to change as a result of that elimination of those two extra shifts because it's not an aggregate demand over the course of the day rather, it's the peak demand during that day, so we would expect that to be, the billing demand to remain in place based on that one shift example you just used.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes. Thanks, Chuck. I would just say our residential customer counts have grown quarter-over-quarter. In quarter one in 2020 versus quarter one in 2019, just about a 0.5% in customer growth counts. So we've seen that quarter, that trend continuing each and every quarter for a number of prior quarters.
