Christopher Pappas: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to participate in today's call. I'm going to start out by discussing the leadership transition the company announced last week, my role with the company and the Board's governance efforts. First, I will note that the DOJ investigation prompted a number of shareholder and customer lawsuits, and we are also responding to a subpoena we received from the SEC on September 2. Related to the investigation in the FirstEnergy by the SEC Division of Enforcement, we are cooperating with the DOJ and the SEC. During the course of our internal review related to the ongoing government investigation regarding House Bill 6, the independent review committee of the Board determined that three executives violated certain FirstEnergy policies and its code of conduct. When we determined that employee conduct is inconsistent with our policy and values, no matter how senior the individual, we have a duty to take action, and that is what we have done here. As a result, FirstEnergy announced on Thursday that CEO, Chuck Jones, along with Dennis Chack, Senior Vice President of Product Development, Marketing and Branding, and Mike Dowling, Senior Vice President of External Affairs were all terminated effective immediately. Concurrently, Steve Strah, who many of you know from his roles as FirstEnergy's President and previously CFO was appointed acting CEO. Steve has the experience, credibility and the support of the Board in this role. Steve is a highly respected executive with deep knowledge of FirstEnergy's business and significant operational experience. He became President in May, 2020 as part of the company's ordinary-course succession planning process. In his various leadership roles at the company, including his recent tenure as CFO and President, Steve has supported the execution of FirstEnergy's long-term customer-focused growth strategy and demonstrated his commitment to delivering value to all stakeholders, including employees, customers, communities, and shareholders. I look forward to working closely with him in my new role as Executive Director. In this role, I remain an independent member of the Board, and will also work closely with Don Misheff, our Non-Executive Chairman to assist management team's execution of strategic initiatives, to engage with the company's external stakeholders, including the investment community as appropriate and to support the development of enhanced controls and governance policies and procedures. The Board is already conducting a full review as governance and oversight processes to look for areas of improvement going forward. This is a serious matter for our Board and for FirstEnergy management. In order to address this in a timely and effective way, the Board has formed a new subcommittee of our audit committee to quickly assess and implement potential changes as appropriate in the company's compliance program. This effort will be led by independent Board member, Leslie Turner. Leslie retired as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Hershey Company. She joined our Board in 2018 and is a member of the audit and compensation committees. This new subcommittee will work with management, internal audit and also engage outside expertise for help and best practices. As I previously mentioned, we have and will continue to cooperate with the DOJ and SEC investigations. We have also reached out to company’s key stakeholders, including the ratings agencies, banks, regulators, legislators, and union leadership. We believe the actions the Board has taken, represent an additional step towards addressing these matters and enables FirstEnergy’s management to continue to focus on running the business day-to-day. FirstEnergy embarked on a strategy several years ago to becoming fully regulated company and grow through the substantial opportunities available in both the distribution and transmission businesses. That strategy will continue. It is working and the foundational drivers are intact. The FirstEnergy organization at large has been delivering excellent results over the last few years, and that continues with the strong performance year-to-date and the company's expectations for the full-year. As we look ahead, the Board has full confidence in Steve and the rest of the team's ability to ensure a seamless transition and to continue to execute the company strategy. With that, I'll now turn it over to Steve.
Christopher Pappas: As we move towards questions and answers this morning, I want to summarize a few points. The investigation and matters related to it are ongoing, and therefore, we will not answer any questions related to this other than to refer to our earlier prepared remarks. I know you have many questions. We are not going to provide more information at this time. The Board and management view this as a serious and important matter, and our newly appointed subcommittee of the audit committee, led by Leslie Turner, as well as management and internal audit will address this immediately. FirstEnergy strategy is working and delivering results as shown in our third quarter 2020 results and our outlook going forward, but matters related to the investigation will add uncertainties to the future financial results of the company. The tactical financial changes that Jon described earlier are prudent to provide flexibility as we face uncertainty in the near-term. And now we'll open to questions and answers.
Christopher Pappas: Hi. No to both is the short answer. The investigation is ongoing and we will not be providing updates during that period, and we have no certainty on the timeline at this point from the DOJ.
Christopher Pappas: The investigation Stephen is still ongoing and it would be premature to make any comments on that till we get to a more conclusive state.
Christopher Pappas: It's really premature to comment again, Stephen. The dismissals of the employees that you've heard about last week are related to violations of the company's policies and code of conduct. And that's really all we can say at this time.
Christopher Pappas: I think the timeline is unclear. What we can say is that the sub committee that we formed under the leadership of Leslie Turner will begin their work immediately on working on our own internal policies and compliance. And we'd expect some readout from them as the company reports its first quarter earnings. That's not around the investigation to be clear, that's around working on improving our policies around compliance. That's a parallel process, of course, the investigation.
Christopher Pappas: Julien, that's a lot there. I mean, let me see if I can kind of address it. We're taking these steps to preserve balance sheet flexibility. I mean, we're in an uncertain period of time. This thing has to play out over a period of months maybe into next year. And we think it's just prudent to take these steps to cut back on some CapEx to maybe look at some operating expense reductions, so we can have some flexibility if something bad goes our way. I would say the decoupling mechanism is only about $0.04 or $0.05, not the $0.10 that you mentioned. So I think in the grand scheme of things, that would be something that we would overcome in a year.
Christopher Pappas: Well, Angie, it's Chris. I think the only thing we can say is the internal investigation by the Board and outside counsel has led to the outcomes that you saw Friday. And that's really the only kind of comment we can make about that past and the dismissals of the executives mentioned were for violations of company policy and code of conduct.
Christopher Pappas: I think it’s a great question, Jeremy. Happy to answer. Steve has been clearly the candidate in our Board normal succession planning process for the CEO of the company. That's evidenced by his movement through the company, including his prior role as President. Due to the circumstances of what we experienced last week, the Board decided to move Steve immediately into the acting CEO role. And we would envision continuing on our succession plan, which is to at the right time in the near future have him assume the role of CEO. So in my view and the Board's view, we’re on a normal transition to CEO with the person we always had in mind.
Christopher Pappas: So Steve, if both rating agencies downgraded us again, which means S&P’s rating would go from BB plus down to BB and all of our utilities at that point would go down to non-investment grade and then the Moody's credit rating would go from Baa3 to Ba1. Our financing costs would obviously be a little more expensive. The holdco step-up provisions that we have with our bonds at the holding company, which applies to about $4 billion of them would obviously become a little more expensive because they would increase by about 50 basis points in terms of cost. Our credit facilities would become a little more expensive. That would increase strong pricing by 25 basis points. And we would have to post potentially up to about $40 million of collateral. It's all manageable. And I do want to say that, we have experienced at the BB plus credit rating right now with respect to S&P. S&P had us at that rating from 2010 through most of 2018. And so we are experienced at that current credit rating right now, and I wouldn't expect any issues accessing the capital markets if the ratings were lower, simply it would just be more – it would just be a little more expensive for us.
Christopher Pappas: That is correct. I mean, we're fully regulated company now, so FES is no longer a part of FirstEnergy. And back then when it was a part of us, collateral requirements would have been much higher.
Jon Taylor: I think that's why we're taking the steps that we're taking now to provide additional balance sheet flexibility. When we cut back CapEx, when we think about operating expense reductions, that doesn't necessarily max out your balance sheet over the next two years to fund that growth, in fact, it improves your balance sheet. So that's why we're taking the steps that we're taking to just kind of make sure that we address this uncertainty because we don't know where we're going to be in a year or so with the Department of Justice and whether or not there's going to be a fine or felony, so we're just slowing back on growth for the near-term. We can take additional actions if necessary, and I think that will provide plenty of balance sheet flexibility.
Jon Taylor: Shar, this is Jon. I would say that it depends on how – if it's a repeal and replace how they put in the decoupling mechanism, if they put it in at all. So I think there's a lot of unknowns, but if you remember going back to 2018, and then how we implemented decoupling this year, it wasn't, but about a $0.04 or $0.05 help to our earnings profile in the current year. So I think you got to keep that in consideration, when you think about these types of things.
Jon Taylor: I wouldn't think so. Like I said, based on everything that we've looked at, even if we conclude there is a material weakness, there wasn't any issue with the previous financial results that we've reported to our investor community. So, no, I wouldn't expect any issues like that.
Jon Taylor: And Julien, this is Jon. I think you had a question on just financing costs. As you think about the ratings that we have today, we are still investment grade with all the rating agencies except for S&P and that's at FirstEnergy HoldCo and then FirstEnergy Transmission. The majority of our financings over the next few years are going to be at our subsidiaries, which have investment grade credit rating. So I don't see that being too much of a challenge. We do have some holding company debt that comes due in 2022 and 2023, but we'll be able to manage through that.
Jon Taylor: Angie, this is Jon. I think we're taking these actions internally with CapEx reductions, OpEx reductions to give us flexibility including issuing equity. So I think those are the things that we're focused on first. And then we'll see where we are sometime down the road.
Jon Taylor: So I think you would go back. The assumption would be, we would go back to the rate construct that we had in 2018. So you would remove the decoupling mechanism, but then you would reestablish your energy efficiency rider under the Rider DSE. So that would be the construct. So it would be about a $0.05 hit the earnings. And then you would no longer going forward depending on how they repealed and replaced, if decoupling was no longer part of the rate structure going forward, then you would have those – that mechanism, that Rider DSE in place going forward.
Jon Taylor: Well, maybe I'll say it this way. Right now we think we're going to be near the top-end. If we hit the $0.05, or the House Bill 6 is repealed with the decoupling will be around the midpoint.
Jon Taylor: Well, there's obviously several differences between how we report our financial results for GAAP and how we report them from a regulatory perspective. For instance, from a regulatory perspective in Ohio, you excluded the DMR when that was in place. There's other things that from a regulatory perspective that you exclude, for instance, in Ohio, you only get pension service costs as part of your race. So the non-service piece is excluded from the regulatory, which is typically a credit for us. So there are items like that that really drive the difference between what we report on a GAAP basis versus what we report on a regulatory basis.
Jon Taylor: Well we filed the Ohio SEET for 2019, and we were 10.9%, 10.8% somewhere around there. So that's kind of where we are.
Jon Taylor: Well, I think we're going to file for rates effective 1/1/2021, and then we would move those assets into that transmission company in 1/1/2022. If you look at the rate base, it's $750 million, somewhere around there. So at first, I don't think it's going to be as meaningful just because you're on a stated rate today and you're going to transition to a formula rate. But it is an area where investment is needed and it's an opportunity to improve the customer reliability in those service territories. And I think you'll start to see some CapEx going in there and then it could be meaningful.
Jon Taylor: Yes. If you remember, part of our request was to collect a deferred storm costs. They adjusted storm costs that are included in the base rates. So there are costs associated with that rate increase.
Jon Taylor: I think there's a lot of different moving pieces. Cost containment would obviously be one thing that we could do, and we already have seen some favorable impacts in our forecast from the favorable returns we had last year in our pension. So that's going to flow through. If you think about where interest rates are today versus where they were when we confirmed our CAGR last year, borrowing costs are down. We had a very successful bond deal at FE Corp earlier this year. So they're all factors that are driving our confidence in that number. Now, there is some uncertainty that we have to deal with, and that's why we're taking these steps to kind of provide for some flexibility. If something doesn't go our way, but just because we're cutting back CapEx, $250 million is not going to throw us off track to hit those results.
Steven Strah: We’ve been cooperating with both agencies, Stephen. Yes. The company has been cooperating with both agencies, right.
Steven Strah: Julien, this is Steve. I would just add. In my prepared comments, we talked about reaffirming our business plan and it's very strong and it's very robust in terms of confirming our CAGR for EPS through 2023, our plan remains unchanged at this point. I think what you're also seeing with our most recent quarter results, you're seeing the resiliency of that business plan that we've talked about before. So I think that speaks very strongly for our company and for the potential next few – the potential next year or two of some level of uncertainty here. We're not only sticking with that base business plan, but as we announced today, we are moving the Allegheny assets into formulaic rates from a transmission standpoint. And at that point, once that's concluded, you're going to see our transmission system 100% on formulaic rates moving ahead. So once again, it takes the strength that we have in our transmission program and even deepens it more. So that's the perspective that I would bring to it.
Steven Strah: Angie, its Steve. We did do a comprehensive outreach not only to the state legislators, the regulators, state and local officials throughout our footprint. So I think if I was to characterize the outreach and the feedback, they were appreciative of our very prompt effort to talk to them and communicate the news. They were obviously various levels of surprise and shock if you will, of the actions that the Board took in a very decisive manner, but they understood once we talk them through that in general just like we are today. And there were concerns expressed, right. It was a significant change. It happened very quickly. And really – this is where we really have to lean on the relationships we have with the regulatory bodies. We've worked very, very hard over decades, at least a decades I’ve been with the company to ensure that we have great two-way communication and give and take on various issues. And this is where you rely on those relationships. As acting CEO, I'm going to really make it a large part of my role to ensure that we can continue to communicate very closely with them, listen to concerns, respond appropriately and move ahead. It's like any other relationship in life. Its two way communication and I need to instill and promote that level of trust in FirstEnergy and I'm prepared to do that.
Steven Strah: Yes. And just to place it in the broader context, right now with – that really represents perhaps 10% of our transmission footprint. So it's not going to be large or significant, but once again, it completes the strategy that we have for transmission that is to move up the stated rates in the Allegheny footprint and go to formula. And as we preceded the JCP&L, we'll be successful there. We're confident. And this'll be the last progression.
Steven Strah: It does not impact cash flow next year, but it will impact earnings next year because you'll implement the base rate increase beginning January of 2021, but that will be offset by an amortization of a regulatory liability. So customers will not see the increase, but FirstEnergy will receive the earnings.
Steven Strah: And just as a reminder, that's $250 million roughly on a budget within our plan that we were counting on to be $3 billion to $3.25 billion. So once again, it's prudent to do the planning right now and it's a small portion of a much larger pie that helps fuel our transmission earnings power. And by the way, just to emphasize it, as we've said before, very important for customers; two, we're seeing significant reliability improvements within those investments. So it's dual, right. Customers are seeing benefit, and it is a very good earnings engine for the company appropriately.
Steven Strah: No. We're not comfortable with that. I mean – but at the end of the day, it's related to governance issues and I think that's why we're taking the steps that we're doing to address the governance matters, the compliance matters with Leslie's subcommittee, and that'll be part of what they focus on.
Steven Strah: I mean, we would have to talk to them about the steps that we're taking, the findings we found, the recommendations. I think it's going to take some time for us to work through this. But our focus is going to be improving on those types of matters, so we can get the rating back to investment grade.
Steven Strah: I think there is significant opportunity in KATCo and that's exactly why we made our filing. I think it also provides additional flexibility for our company to move. Let's just say that $3 billion transmission spend around our system. So once again, while under a stated rate, we believed our strategy would be better suited to go after investments in other formulaic rates around our system. When you look at the reliability of the transmission system in general, we found greater needs at ATSI and MAIT, rather than pursuing anything in Allegheny in the early going of the energizing the future program. It's very difficult to believe, but we're entering I believe here seven of that program. So we've seen reliability improvements in both of the other transmission companies. We are certainly not done yet. I believe we have a pipeline of 20 years worth of work that we've fixed a $20 billion number too in terms of a potential additional transmission upgrades. So to your earlier point, what I would call a pent-up need there, and we're responsibly addressing it.
Steven Strah: Okay. Thank you very much. I just wanted to close out the call by thanking you for your time and attention today and the interest in our company. And I know that we did our very best today to provide you a fulsome update on recent key events. We also look forward to talking and meeting with each of you in the Virtual EEI Conference coming up. So look forward to that very much. I would also just close with a message of safety. The pandemic that is still very much alive in this country. As a company, we’re working very hard to keep our employees safe and our customers safe. I just wish all the best to each one of you is as we maintain the right safety protocols while we’re working through it. So all the best to you and be safe. Thank you.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes, Jon. It’s Eileen Mikkelsen, Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. I would just add to that. Once those forward-looking formula rates go into effect in 2021, we would expect that revenue to be really just about 1% higher than it would have been in the stated rate in that initial year.
Eileen Mikkelsen: Yes. Interestingly, this is the last sort of large zone in PJM that is not on a formula rate, it’s not an impressive stated rate. So time for the transition.
Eileen Mikkelsen: It's Eileen. And again, the ROE was part of a black box settlement that was established for the stated rates many years ago. So there is no stated ROE. What we did file for the forward-looking formula rate is the base ROE of 10.85%, and then the 50 basis point adder for RTO participation bringing that ROE up to 11.35% as filed.
Eileen Mikkelsen: It’s Eileen. I would just add to that, that we will pick up two months, November and December of 2021 for base rate increase, there will be a little cash there. And the company as a condition of this settlement is able to retain the Yards Creek gain, which is an influx of [approximately, as you said earlier], $110 million expected in 2021.
