Steve Strah: Thanks, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. It's great to speak with you today. First, a reminder, reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter and the year are posted on our website in our consolidated report to the financial community. Also, consistent with our practice over the past year, we present operating earnings and projections on a fully diluted basis. This allows us to show preferred shares as fully converted and eliminates the impact of conversion timing. About 87% of the preferred shares had been converted as of January 31. We expect the majority of the remaining preferred shares to be included by the end of July in accordance with the terms of the equity issuance. With that said, let's get started at a look at the fourth quarter. GAAP earnings were $0.25 per share. This includes a pension mark-to-market adjustment and other special items. Operating earnings were $0.50 per share, in line with the top end of our guidance. In our distribution business; our results benefited from higher deliveries, lower financing costs, and stronger regulated commodity margin in West Virginia. These factors offset higher depreciation and O&M and which was primarily related to additional vegetation management work in Pennsylvania. Total distribution deliveries across all customer segments increased 1.2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Residential sales increased one half of 1% while commercial deliveries were up 1.7%. Weather had a modest impact on sales with heating degree days about 7% higher than the fourth quarter of 2017. On a weather adjusted basis, commercial deliveries increased 1.8% and residential deliveries were essentially flat. In our industrial sector, the trend of steady growth now is stretched into 10 consecutive quarters. Fourth quarter deliveries increased 1.4% compared to the same period of 2017. This was led by gains in the shale gas, steel, and electric equipment manufacturing industries. In our transmission business, fourth quarter operating earnings at our formula rate companies were $0.02 favorable due to higher rate base at MAIT and ATSI. This was offset by higher O&M in our stated rate transmission companies. And in our corporate segment, we had slightly lower operating earnings offset by higher income taxes and the non-deductible portion of interest compared to the same period in 2017. Now I'd like to take a moment on this month's $500 million pension contribution. First, a quick history. Beginning in 2011, we adopted the mark-to-mark method for our pension and other post-employment benefit accounting. Each year, typically in the fourth quarter, we remeasure our pension assets and liabilities to recognize changes in discount rates, actual return on planned assets, and other differences to the actuarial assumptions. The loss or gain is recognized in our GAAP results. This is a preferred method of accounting under GAAP because it recognizes the actuarial gain or loss in the year it occurs instead of amortizing it over a longer period. We exclude this adjustment from our non-GAAP operating earnings to provide greater transparency to our ongoing operational performance. In 2018 our mark-to-market adjustment was a non-cash charge of $0.19 per share. Lower than expected returns were partially offset by a higher discount rate, which was on the high side of the estimate we provided in our third quarter materials. So we ended 2018 with approximately $3.9 billion of liquidity, of which $367 million was cash. We expected this favorable cash position to remain through 2020 so we decided to put the cash to work for us now by making the $500 million voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan on February 1st of this year. This contribution improves our pension plan's funded status to 82% and it eliminates any projected minimum funding requirements through 2021. As Chuck noted earlier, we're making great progress with the rating agencies. We're now investment grade across the board by S&P, Moody's, and Fitch; and we expect further ratings improvements over time as we execute the regulated growth plan that we've outlined. As many of you know, S&P tracks an FFO to total debt metric with a minimum threshold of 9%; Moody's tracks a CFO working capital to total debt metric which has a current minimum threshold of 12%; and Fitch tracks an FFO adjusted leverage metric with a maximum threshold multiple of 6.5 times. We expect to be compliant with all three rating agencies and their respective thresholds through our 2021 planning period. Our actions during 2018 redefined FirstEnergy. We're excited about our future as a premier fully regulated utility. Today more than ever, we're focused on three things; implementing our strategies, delivering on our commitments, and building a brighter future for our shareholders, customers, and employees. And now before we turn it over for your questions, Chuck would like to share a few additional comments.
Steve Strah: So yes, we expect to be in the right place with all three rating agencies throughout the planning period. 2019 has some unique attributes because of the remaining liabilities for the exit of competitive generation that are – that will be gone in 2019, and I think, in our conversations with Moody’s, they’re looking beyond that period at more where we’re going to be in the 2020, 2021 time frame. So we’re confident that we’re going to stay above the threshold for all three rating agencies, and hopeful that we can even get to a position where we see further positive movement from them.
Steve Strah: Jonathan, this is Steve Strah. It is in the same ballpark. Right now, we have that estimated at just about $380 million, once again that’s in 2022 and we’ll – that will be subject to how the market performs over the next several year period, and we’re comfortable.
Steve Strah: This is Steve Strah, again. We are not going to change our approach in terms of the composition of the investment portfolio. Roughly 70% of that portfolio is return-seeking. And I don’t see any meaningful change coming.
Steve Strah: We ended up moving to the full yield curve last year. So that turned out to be beneficial for us, and I think, we’ll just see how the market and interest rates move over the course of the year, Once again, we see no change in our approach.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you all for your persistence in staying with us over the long haul. We’re really excited about where we’re at as a company, really excited about the next three years, and then as we get more into this Emerging Technologies area, excited to tell you about it once we know more. So, thank you for your time this morning. Look forward to talking to you again soon.
Chuck Jones: Thanks, Steve. Today marks the final earnings call for two longtime members of our executive team who many of you know well, Leila Vespoli and Jim Pearson. Leila and Jim are both retiring in the next couple of months following long and distinguished careers with our Company. They both played key roles in our mergers, various acquisitions, and our transformation into a fully regulated utility; and both have been key trusted advisors to me during my tenure as CEO. I want to thank – take this opportunity to recognize their strong and thoughtful leadership and to wish them a happy and healthy retirement. Now I'd like to open the call for your questions.
Chuck Jones: Okay. So first in New Jersey, what I mentioned is that the procedural schedule has been suspended to allow the settlement discussions to continue. Obviously we don't have a settlement to announce or I would have announced it today so, but we're hopeful that we can get to a settlement. But your second question I think is an important one and that is we are planning to spend just shy of $3 billion of CapEx per year for the next several years in our footprint. So when I think about the New Jersey spend, obviously we filed that plan because that's where we would like to spend $400 million over the next four years. But in the event we don't get to a settlement and then we get back on to the procedural schedule and that doesn't work out either. We have plenty of opportunity around FirstEnergy in four other states and transmission to make these investments in order to support the 6% to 8% growth that we are committing to. As far as the Emerging Technologies piece, I think that's one of the most exciting things about where we're at as a company that we actually now have the time and the resources to start thinking about what do we want FirstEnergy to be in the future. We've committed to kind of what we're going to do over the next three years as far as capital deployment, but we're really looking state by state, utility by utility, and transmission at what are those new emerging technologies that makes sense for us to invest in on behalf of our customers, what are the regulatory and legislative impediments to being able to do that, and then we've got three years to start working on how do we deal with those impediments. And as I said, it's just I think an exciting time because I've just finished or just started my 41st year, I guess I would say, with this Company. The first 40 years we've been working in one form or another to always put some of the past behind us and today for the first time, we're really in a position to start looking to the future.
Chuck Jones: Not in any specific form, Julien. Obviously, if our new leaders of the states – we have a new governor, a new speaker of the house, we’re going to have a new Chairman of the Public Utilities Commission. If they determine that they think the time is the right to really put energy policy for the state back on the table in some fashion, legislatively, then we would expect to engage and provide our input. But it’s too early in the process for me to talk about what that might mean.
Chuck Jones: I’m not thinking about any further voluntary contributions right now. This one, the timing was such that we did have cash available to do it. And as you all know, our pension plan was hurt by the performance of the fund in 2018 as was everyone else’s. And taking this step early helped offset some of those losses that we incurred last year. But right now, we don’t have any plans to do anything. The next mandatory contribution is in 2022.
Chuck Jones: So first, obviously we’re very thankful that the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio did this for us several years ago. It helps insurers, as I said in my prepared remarks, low-cost capital to begin the process of modernizing the grid in Ohio. Our filing pretty much is along those same lines. And I think we have a strong case to argue for two years of additional DMR funding. But I also have said repeatedly, we don’t have that in any of our growth plans, the 6% to 8% growth rates are not depending on it. And even if we get it for two more years both, those of you who evaluate our stock and the rating agencies, you’re going to factor it out because it’s only for two more years. But having said that, the cash and the availability of that cash to make meaningful investments in the grid in Ohio is important to us going forward.
Chuck Jones: So obviously, I’ve been getting this question a lot lately and those are the types of things that, number one, even if there was something we were thinking about, we wouldn’t talk about it. But, number two, growth through M&A in this industry is becoming increasingly difficult, increasingly costly to get the regulatory approvals necessary. I think many of our regulatory commissions are – it seems to be concluding that bigger companies aren’t necessarily better. But having said that, any opportunity that presents itself, we would take a hard look at. And if it makes sense both short term and long term for shareholders. I think we’ve demonstrated we’re willing to tackle tough decisions to make this company more valuable for our shareholders so we would do that. And as you know how that part of what we do works, Gary Benz, who is my Chief Strategy Officer, is listening to proposals from investment bankers all the time about things that they think can make our company stronger. We evaluate every single one of them and if everyone presents itself that really does make our company stronger, we’re going to make it happen.
Chuck Jones: Well, it’s interesting the question about under-earning because I get them many, many times about concerns about us over-earning. And here’s what I would say. Take Pennsylvania, in particular, as of January this year the DISC has been turned back on for all four of our distribution operating companies and as you’re familiar with how the DISC works, we’re making investments under the DISC. Those investments will contribute about $0.02 a share to our 2019 growth. So one, that’s the method we’re using right now. At some point in time, if we bump up against the maximum amount of investment we can make under the DISC, then we will be required to have another base rate case around of base rate cases in Pennsylvania in order to roll that in and then be able to use the DISC going forward. But we’re a ways away from that point. I would not anticipate any rate case filings in Pennsylvania this year for sure, even though our stayout is expiring this year. In Ohio, we’re in a rate freeze through 2024. In Maryland, we’re just wrapping up a rate case with new rates to go in effect on March 23. It’s not been that long since we had a rate case in New Jersey. So, the investments that we’re making this year and really for the next several years, it’s just shy of $3 billion. Over 50% of that is being made in transmission formula rates and realtime riders in our distribution companies. And so the 6% to 8% growth that we’re talking about does not depend on any rate cases in order for us to achieve that growth. It’s merely executing the plan, investing in these formula-driven mechanisms, and then the growth will occur.
Chuck Jones: Well, I think number one, we do have to start talking about it more and we are a company that has a large transmission footprint, 24,000 miles of transmission lines, largest in PJM, one of the largest in the country, it is 30% of our regulated assets, it’s growing at 11% per year over the next three years in that 6% to 8% growth rate. So I think it’s worthy of really calling it out to make sure investors see it. I think there are a couple of other things holding our stock back from rerating. One is the continued overhang of FES and even though we have reached a settlement with all the creditors and that settlement have been approved by the court, there’s still some confusion in the market as to our ongoing relationship with them that I don’t think will go away until they actually emerge and change their name at some point hopefully later this year. So, I think that’s holding us back. But I think – I can’t undersell the value of what the transmission system means to FirstEnergy and its shareholders. We’ve got forward-looking formula rates for all of it, but the former Allegheny system, and that’s where we’re making all these investments in ATSI and MAIT right now as I said. I mean, when you think about the investments we’re making over the next three years, more than 50% of them are in formulaic mechanisms that it’s – it’s just execute the work plan, and we’ll execute the growth that we’ve committed to.
Chuck Jones: I think, we’ll be successful next year in moving JCP&L to a formulaic mechanism, still regulated by the state likely, but that’s the game plan. But the answer is yes. I mean as we think about where we’re going to invest shareholder money, we want to put your money in good investments. Good investments are formulaic mechanisms at transmission, realtime riders and distribution that don’t have regulatory lag, that lead to the improvements that we’re making to also serve customers. And you’ve heard me say this before, good investments are the ones customers are willing to pay for and shareholders are willing to invest in. So all of what we’re doing is also driving improved service for customers. And just take the ATSI part of our Energizing the Future, we reduced transmission outages by almost 40% on the ATSI part of our system. And a single transmission outage can affect – it affects tens of thousands of customers up to maybe 60,000 to 80,000 customers at times. So those improvements are great for customers too.
Chuck Jones: I think it’s way too complicated to get into on an earnings call, Stephen. So, I’d be happy to talk to you offline or have Irene go through it with you. But as I said, in Ohio, our rates are frozen through 2024 and you can imagine all of the different moving parts with DMR, with a DCR rider that’s been in place for now, I think we’re in year seven of that and it goes on through to 2024. The ultimate grid modernization rider. There are unique treatments for some of the lost revenue from energy efficiency improvements we’ve made. It’s just very complicated and we can’t go through the numbers on the call, but those are examples of things that affect how it looks from a GAAP perspective, from how it turns out from a regulatory accounting perspective.
Chuck Jones: I would say – I’ll give you an example. Not saying it’s going to end up the way we would want it to end up, but one particular example would be electric vehicle charging stations. We’ve had two of our governors, New Jersey and Pennsylvania express their desire to have significantly more electric vehicle penetration in their state. One of the impediments to accomplishing those goals is going to be a robust charging network. Utilities, like ours, and not just ours, are skilled at building infrastructure. They are skilled at planning infrastructure. They are skilled at – an example of that case of building it out in a way that it’s robust, but not duplicative, doing it for a 9.5% to 10% return on equity, which is a very cheap way to finance it. And I think it’s something that if we really want more EV penetration, our states ought to look at having there utilities help them accomplish. Right now, none of our states want us to do that, but that’s an area where I think we’re going to have ongoing conversation with them about the value that we think we can bring to help them with their environmental strategies for their states.
