Mark Clark: That’s a good question Dan. I think the answer to next year’s forecast is both simple and straightforward. There’ve been a number of substantial changes that will affect next year’s forecast. As I said, some are going to be positive, some are negative, and some we just don’t know yet. What I do know is that I’m working with a pretty long list of changes, I mentioned the Ohio – approving the Ohio ESP, extending October-January auctions, storm costs, the New Jersey case, coal transportation, power prices, transmission whether we can accelerate, of course, the big gorilla in the room being the general economy, but let me just address two to give a little bit better flavor. Our earlier forecast assumed a one-year auction in October and January, while we believe the changes Tony mentioned the three years will help the consumer it will also help FES. Another example was the AEP ESP and as Tony again said we think that’s very positive for the consumer depending on how the commission rules that could be very positive for FES. And, as you just said the point we’re making is that we need to update a long list of items, which we plan to do along with our normal fall budgeting process. I apologize if that’s a long answer, but it’s a long list of changes that we have to get updated and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Mark Clark: I think it’s an obvious question but we don’t have an obvious answer. We just have to get through a long list. I think as we said earlier, the retail group is 70% closed right now for 2013, so power prices are going to impact them. I don’t know what’s going to happen with the economy, the election, taxes, budget, things like that. Power prices are not a positive, depends on whether the commission rules favorably this week, that could be a positive. One big positive potentially is we’ve reduced the amount of spend on MATS from $1 billion to – down $1 billion to $2 billion. We’ve got transmission spend, how much transmission spend can we accelerate into 2012 that’ll affect 2013. So I don’t know if I would characterize any one weighing more than the other. I think we’ve got to get our book closed for 2013. We’ve got to see what power prices are doing, how much more channel switching Donny’s group in retail can do. So as I said, there are some really strong positives. Power prices are not going to necessarily be a positive and we’ve got to wait for some regulatory outcome and of course a big potential positive would be the auction, since they are now into three years. So good question, I just have a long list of things that we have to get updated, plus as I said before, this is really the time of the year we are doing our normal budgeting process. So we’ve got to get just the normal budgeting updates incorporated.
Mark Clark: That’s a good question. No, not really. I think we got to get through the whole process as it’s a long list, got to get through our normal budget process. I think our Investor Relations folks told us that there is an Analyst Meeting early in 2013, so it can’t be any later than that and if we get it done sooner we’ll get it done sooner. So, it’s just a lot of work we’ve got to get done between now and then.
Mark Clark: Well these are just some of the ones off the top of my head that I put down, it’s the approval of the Ohio ESP.
Mark Clark: Right. The storm costs and the request to defer those that Tony mentioned in his text in West Virginia. We’ve got the New Jersey rate case. All the plant deactivations that’s going to affect our coal and transportation costs and those are all being negotiated by FES right now. Our power prices are going to affect the open position, where FES is 70% closed. I think the last time we spoke was somewhere around 50%, 55% something in that range. So they’re right on their glide path and right where they need to be. I spoke about transmission reliability investments, the fact that we don’t have some of these big capital cost related to MATS, related to the peakers, the $500 million there. How much our transmission group can get accelerated on the transmission side both into 2012 into 2013. Then the big gorilla in the room is the economy, where the economy is going, what’s going to happen with the tax cliff, are they going to extend it, not extend it. So, those are just some of the things that I wrote down really quickly off the top of my head, but I can assure you that the list is three to four times that length.
Mark Clark: 1% to 1.5% on the distribution side, but it doesn’t necessarily affect what the retail group is doing. They’re targeting a set number of megawatt hours at the highest possible margin. So, if the economy is going backwards or forwards, doesn’t really matter to us because at the retail side, they’re targeting a set number of megawatt hours which I think in 2013 is 112 as opposed to 104 in 2012. So, they target megawatt hours, the distribution models and forecasts around the economy, which is I said is somewhere between 1% and 1.5%.
Mark Clark: Actually, I have Donny Schneider he’s the President of the Retail Group. So, I’m just going to let Donny speak for his group.
Mark Clark: 2.5%, but that really could get changed depending on what happens with the tax cliff. Paul, I don’t know what that number is, but I have seen numbers like 3% to 5%, if they don’t extend it. You subtract that from anything and it’s not pretty – so but we assumed about 2.5%.
Mark Clark: I think pretty much across the board, I think Tony challenged the folks to come up with creative solutions and they’ve done that. I think coal firing with gas is going to help if the power prices stay low. There is some things we can put off, moving some of the outages around, it’s pretty much across the board. We’re pretty pleased with where they are, but we keep pushing them to lower that number too. So Tony you want to...
Mark Clark: Hugh, this is Mark. I would add one additional caveat to what Donny just said, one of the things that we’re working very diligently on and have a lot of algorithms on is, suppose you can move a customer megawatt hours between channels or inside a channel, you’ve got an LCI customer that’s served by one EDC, can you move those megawatt hours over to another EDC in the same channel, but a higher margin or even within the EDC? And one of the big issues that comes up in the large industrial market is can we take those megawatt hours and move them to any of the other channels like mass market or something else? So they spend a lot of time trying to move either within channels or out of channels to increase the margin.
Mark Clark: Well I can’t articulate why our stock is up or down, there are a lot of factors other than just whatever our forecast is going to be, but at the end of the day we’re trying to say we have an awful lot of changes to make in our forecast and we’re just trying to be honest and upfront about it. Some of those changes are going to be positive as we closed the book on the 20%, 15%, 20% that has to be closed. Chances are it’s going to be at lower prices, chances are we’re going to accelerate some transmission. I couldn’t tell you specifically today what our forecast is going to be so, I don’t know how anybody else is going to be. It is what it is. We’re just trying to be upfront and honest that there is going to be a tremendous number of changes in our forecast from the last time we did it. It’s a simple and straightforward statement.
Mark Clark: Certainly, we like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and as always we certainly appreciate your support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thanks a lot.
Tony Alexander: Sure Dan, I think demand response when it comes in across a broad region and is not clearly identified in a particular area has some benefit, but it’s not the real type of benefit that you’re looking for in what otherwise are fairly constrained areas. My sense is we’re going to have to get a better handle on that to determine whether or not it’s usable or it’s just an interesting thing to have, but it will not improve reliability in and around the area. My own sense is that many of the transmission projects including the conversion of the generating units in the – in and around Cleveland to synchronous condensers will put us in a position to deliver reliable electric service in that area. It’s going to take some time to put all that in place and that’s why we have the RMR arrangements being contemplated, but we intend to work as aggressively as we can to meet the schedule and to be able to stay within the guide post that we’ve kind of laid out for ourselves and that is basically to not be in a position to be running any of our power plants beyond March of 2015 that we’ve otherwise scheduled to shut down.
Tony Alexander: Well I think we knew that once our retail group went the government aggregation it was just going to be a question of how fast you can get them transitioned over which as you said was mostly in the second half. I think we’ve had great success in the large commercial, medium-sized commercial, I think we are a little behind in the mass market, but I know they’ve got some good plans to catch back up there. So, Dan I get a weekly report in terms of what we win and what we lose and we’re up for the year across all the different segments particularly in southern Ohio.
Tony Alexander: Well, Julien, some of it will, some of it will be perhaps beyond that. The real issue I see in terms of being able to get many of those transmission facilities in place, will not necessarily be driven by the construction schedule, but will be more affected by our ability to acquire rights of way, abilities to get outside crews in to support it, and doing that and getting the permits necessary to complete that amount of work in the timeframe that we’ve laid out in front of us. So, we have some work to do, there’s a lot involved in the process, we’re in the early stages now, we’re preparing environmental impact statements and all of the other parts, pieces and parts that will require regulatory approval, primarily from siting organizations, and as we move in that timeframe, we’ll be better able to predict when we will have the particular parts of those projects in place. Because this is not just one project, there are a number of things that are going to be done. Substations are going to be enhanced, additional ones are going to be built, new lines are going to be brought in to serve those. The synchronous condensers will be put in place. We’ll have to see how all of those impact the schedule that we have now as well as what the loads do in the Cleveland area between now and 2016 and 2017.
Tony Alexander: Let me address that one first. The primary purpose of this is providing a more gradual glide path for our customers, so that we could take out the volatility that we otherwise would have anticipated happening between today’s pricing, which are based on very low capacity costs in the main, and what we are seeing in the 2014, 2015, 2016 kind of timeframe. We thought smoothing which is kind of consistent with what our utilities have tried to do for as long as I’ve been actively involved in trying to work through what otherwise are potential spikes in pricing, try to blend that out. From an FES strategy standpoint, whatever that auction is – it is, our strategy continues to be focused on direct sales to individual customers pulling away from POLR obligations and POLR sales, because we believe that’s the greatest opportunity for this company to be successful over the long term. We will likely participate in auctions and we do in multiple regions and will likely also participate in these auctions, but again, much of that will depend on where is the status of our retail book of direct sales and how much we have available or do we want to place in that kind of call auction associated with a POLR transaction.
Tony Alexander: But the economy impacts – the amount available to go after in the market. So, they are integrally tied as to whether or not this economy is going to get back in growing or whether or not we’re going to stay stagnant in 2007 levels. When in fact at the end of the day, we had assumed that this economy was going to get a little bit back on track, it clearly has not yet, and it is impacting the estimates.
Tony Alexander: No, I think it’s just a comprehensive look at each and every unit and each and every plant. And looking more holistically at the plant and its capabilities and what you can do with existing equipment to enhance it and improve it, for example the prove performance of precipitators or tightening up so that you don’t have as many air leaks, a whole series of things unit by unit specific to eliminate kind of the large, bigger ticket items that would otherwise be kind of hung on the back end of the plant because you’re not making the rest of the facility as efficient and as effective as it can be.
Tony Alexander: Yeah, a lot of that is going – Hugh, this is Tony. A lot of that is going to depend on the price of natural gas obviously and the relative price nat and coal. We’re looking at it more from an operational standpoint. It’s not going to have some flexibility, but you also have to include all the back-end costs where you are not going to dispose of as much material so and you are not going to need as much material going in to your scrubber systems because you are not having to deal with as much of the effluent. If the coal kind of a relative balance, my sense is it is going to be about neutral. With respect to the overall cost, it could be sometimes plus, it could be sometimes a little negative.
Donald Schneider: Stephen, clearly the competition is out there. I think we’re doing a great job. One of the things that we monitor very closely is what we call our attrition rates and so these are customers that we’ve traditionally held and whether or not we’re able to retain those. And in our residential space, when you look across our EDCs we’re 3% to 4% year-to-date attrition in our FE Ohio, that’s more like 1%. So we’re doing very well at being able to retain those customers. In other EDCs where we call them our close to home EDCs, where we go after customers, we’re doing quite well across the board in being able to secure market share that we’d anticipated.
Donald Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny again. Yeah my folks are involved with that. As you know PJM has a very elongated process when it comes to these things. So they’re actively involved. I think it’s a little soon to tell, to speculate on how that might come out. So we’re just going to have to watch it. Obviously it’s something we’re very interested in and we’re paying close attention to that, but a little soon in the process to speculate.
Donald Schneider: This is Donny. I think Mark touched on the residential space being down a little bit, what we’re seeing is that for a given number of residential customers, if you assume an EDC where the residential customer count has not changed, the actual consumption is down a little bit, with what we’d normally expect to see with these hot conditions. So, it looks like the economy, the energy efficiency, et cetera is starting to have a bit of a dampening effect on residential consumption.
Donald Schneider: Yeah I think, in the first quarter of this year, first and second quarter we saw a dropoff of about $10 a megawatt hour in wholesale prices.
Donald Schneider: Hi, Hugh. This is Donny. I would say it’s been very positive. And I’ll just use FE Ohio as my example. If you think about when FE Ohio first opened up, and I’m using FE Ohio as an example; I could use any one of the EDCs as they progress from the beginning to where they are sometime later. FE Ohio opened up in the spring of 2009. When it first opened up, there was very little shopping and so as you went in there and procured tranches, if you were a participant in POLR, you were receiving a nice margin and a nice volume. As time has went on though, that volume has absolutely crept away from those POLR providers. Today in FE Ohio, you’re probably somewhere in the neighborhood of about 80% of the customers have now shopped. So, if you had only participated in that POLR procurement, not only looking now at 2012 – not only would your rate have dropped off substantially but more importantly your volume would have been completely or, not completely but 86%, 80% erased from where you were just three short years ago. So our move from POLR to the LCI, MCI, Gov Agg, et cetera has allowed us to secure that volume.
Leila Vespoli: , this is Leila Vespoli. I think the capacity order that came out was very favorable. They did defer one issue to AEP’s ESP and that was how they were going to handle the deferral between the 188 and RPM. So, we’re still looking to see and I guess that would be tomorrow when the commission issues its order in the APKs and hopefully we’ll get that result positively, and then and kind of have a complete picture with respect to that. With respect to...
Leila Vespoli: Duke, yeah. I apologize, I forgot the second part of the question. With respect to Duke, yes, they have raised issues with respect to that. If you think about how AEP presented their case, they presented a cost-based case and that’s what the commission was looking at. So, in setting AEP’s state based FRR mechanism, they looked at cost. So, if Duke is thinking of trying to implement something like that, from our standpoint they have an ESP that’s in place that incorporated RPM pricing.
Leila Vespoli: And so with respect to that I think that they would have a huge hurdle to clear with respect to that.
