Anthony J. Alexander: Well, at this point, Dan, as we start this project, most of this is, is internal approvals only. We're concentrating initially on our 69 kV system and the 34.5 kV system, which will be upgraded to 69. So much of what we do will be below power siding approvals or any other specific approvals.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we have a fairly robust transmission program over the next several years. Part of which we talked about before and more will discuss at the EEI Financial Conference. But we'll be spending across the footprint. The transmission reliability program that we announced today is primarily ATSI. We'll begin in ATSI, I should say.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, again, we're only talking about the incremental spend over and above what we're already planning, that is primarily ATSI at the beginning. Yes.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, Dan, why don't you wait until we provide guidance in the future. We're doing everything we can just like we always have to maintain O&M and only incur the types of costs that are absolutely we can't really avoid.
Anthony J. Alexander: Jonathan, my plan is to give you a little more detail next week. I think what Jim was trying to indicate, basically, is that the minimum amount of equity that's going to be necessary will be the continuation of whatever that program as we call it, it's the dividend reinvestment and the employee benefit types of programs. So I would -- so from your modeling standpoint, you can assume that that's going to continue through at least this period, and then we will be evaluating in discussing more with you next week some of the options as the transmission spend grows over time.
Anthony J. Alexander: Paul, we look at all types of opportunities. Obviously, as we think about how we're going to finance and address these issues over time. Right now, we're pretty comfortable with where we're at. That doesn't necessarily mean that it'll stay that way. But that clearly is something that has been on our radar screen for quite some time.
Anthony J. Alexander: I don’t -- I'm not seeing that. I think it's perhaps just the opposite in terms of whether or not you want to take some additional risk as opposed to give up customers. So I think there will be a balancing as we go forward in that portfolio.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think, Kit, in the main, I'm still bullish on the competitive markets overall. But reality is we had a PJM auction for 16 and 17, which was, I think, in everyone's thought process is much weaker than any one anticipated. The delay in shutting down generation across the overall footprint, as well as the, what is it, a parent reliance and the market on what I consider to be a softer generating substitutes or resources all have an impact. The question will be what happens over time? And from our perspective, it's far more important for us to manage our business given that if it stays soft, we're prepared and positioned where we're cash flow positive, and we can talk about more of the details later. And if it improves, and we certainly would like to see some of the obstacles eliminated to help that happen, we'll be in a very strong position to take advantage of it.
Anthony J. Alexander: Again, I'm -- we're not going to talk about that kind of stuff, Kit, as we go forward, nor am I going to give you an indication of how I -- where I think the markets are going to go. We're targeting about 100 million-megawatt hours in sales. We think we can accomplish that. We're over that this year, so it'll be a little bit of pruning as opposed to acquiring, but I think we'll be doing both over the next several years as we reshape that portfolio to customers and markets in areas in which we can produce greater returns.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I think it's a combination of factors. All of these items -- I mean we don't come up with this list in a day. All these items are systematically -- as we evaluate our system, much of which in terms of age of infrastructure is reaching towards end of life. It's time now to begin the process of putting that system in a position where it provides continuing strong service to customers and now is the time to start it. Obviously, we were hoping that the economy would have recovered earlier that there would have been different opportunities across the footprint. But with what is happening around us and for many conversations we've had with customers in terms of what they'd like to see our system be capable of doing, what we're trying to do is address those as we prepare the system for what is going to have to be capable of delivering down the road.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, I'm not -- we're concentrating primarily inside our footprint. We've got a large transmission system, and our focus is on that. Obviously, I think being able to increase transmission capability inside PJM would be helpful. I mean, it's frustrating that we can get generation from Louisiana to Ohio, but we can't get from the Ohio River to Philadelphia. So there are a lot of things that can be addressed inside that space over time. It all takes time and it all takes a lot of effort to accomplish. But the fact of the matter is, from our perspective, we're looking internally. We're not looking for projects that have long lead times with respect to either approval processes or likely construction processes. And we'll give you a lot more of that detail in this upcoming meeting.
Anthony J. Alexander: I think our base transmission spend over this time frame, I'm not sure we've identified that in the past, but this would be in addition to that. But we'll try to give you a better sense for that as we go forward. So I think the only real transmission spend we've identified, which is obviously in part of the base plan is the significant amount of transmission investment that's being put in place across our system to deal with power plants that are being shut down by 2015. Now if I remember that number, and don't hold me to this, but I think it was in the $700 million range. And then to that, you would add kind of the normal transmission spending that we have in each of our service areas, including for projects like the light project in Jersey at Jersey Central Power & Light that was announced about a year or so ago. So all of those kind of come together, kind of normal baseline spending that you're going to do in any event, the kind of additional spending you have in connection with power plant shutdowns, enhancement programs like the Jersey light program. And now on top of those is the additional transmission incremental spend of $2.8 billion.
Anthony J. Alexander: Well, we spend in excess of about $1 billion a year on distribution capital. So rate base grows every year. There will be opportunities and I think Leila will be seeking them out in the various jurisdictions. There are areas in distribution not of -- electric distribution not unlike in gas distribution where underground facilities should be getting replaced and we ought to work through the kind of mechanisms that the gas industry generally has, which typically are more favorable than the electric. So there's a lot of opportunities not only with respect to smart meters, but with respect to upgrading aging infrastructure overall. Operator, we'll take one more call.
Anthony J. Alexander: Yes, Angie, we would include all 4 years in that. We've made a significant improvement there in '13 with our competitive business unit, the metrics. Okay. Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We remain committed to providing value to shareholders, while positioning FirstEnergy for sustainable long-term growth. Thanks for your support and your interest in FirstEnergy, and I look forward to seeing you many next week at EEI.
James F. Pearson: We're not in a position to give any of that O&M growth rate. But the way I look at this, Dan, is these actions we've taken are going to help mitigate any types of cost increases going forward such as general wage increases and that.
James F. Pearson: Yes, it is. And Donny is here. He can jump in. But the majority of that increase, Julien, would be from the capacity.
James F. Pearson: I don't have the exact breakdown on that, Paul. But I would say it's probably about in the 50/50 range since a lot of it deals with benefit reductions that would be similar for all of our staff. I would just look at 50/50.
James F. Pearson: No, I mean if you look at the tax rate, it's going to range somewhere from 37% to 38% this year, primarily closer to 37%. But the tax rate in any given year is going to be based on the mix of earnings. So we'll have to look at it as we kind of prepare for 2014 earnings guidance.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, that's correct. Jim made reference back to the 13 number. And so as the roll-off occurred and we faced lower wholesale prices, obviously, the energy component gets depressed, Julien.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes, I thank you know what the capacity prices are out there. So you can calculate that Julian, and I have not that done that calculation.
Donald R. Schneider: Stephen, this is Donny. I think we have a pretty solid track record over the years of being able to keep our coal cost low and actually push them down even in a rising market. So obviously, we'll continue to pull on all of the levers. I think it is getting more difficult as our coal suppliers are hitting points to where they're kind of operating at some of their cash cost, so it becomes more difficult. But we'll continue to pull on all those levers.
Donald R. Schneider: Angie, this is Donny. I think as time goes forward, there's probably a lower probability that ATSI separates. But I would think probably this coming May, it will probably still separate would be my guess. But what you'll see is, as we get out beyond that period if it still separates.
Donald R. Schneider: Angie, in general, those are going to be levelized capacity charges depending on obviously the length of the contract. We do have a few customers, not many, but a few customers that allow the capacity as a pass through, so that would be the one exception.
