Steve Strah: Good morning. It's good to speak with you today. Before I begin, I will remind you that all reconciliations and other detailed information about the quarter are available on our website in the strategic and financial highlights document. Also, you will recall that because of the preferred shares issuance in January 2018, we have been presenting our operating results and projections on a fully diluted basis to ensure the best comparative view of our performance. As of August 1, all of the outstanding preferred shares were converted to common stock.  Now, let's review our results. Our third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.73 per share. Operating earnings were $0.76 per share. As Chuck mentioned, this was above the midpoint of our guidance. In the distribution business, earnings decreased compared to the third quarter of 2018, primarily as a result of more moderate weather compared to the very hot conditions last summer. Results for the third quarter of 2019 also reflect the absence of the DMR in Ohio as well as higher expenses and depreciation. These factors were slightly offset by a lower effective tax rate and lower net financing costs.  Distribution deliveries decreased slightly compared to the third quarter of 2018 both on a natural and weather-adjusted basis. Cooling degree days were 22% above normal for the third quarter, but 9% lower than the third quarter of 2018. Residential sales were down 2.2% on an actual basis compared to the third quarter of 2018, but slightly increased on a weather-adjusted basis. We continue to see a very slight increase in weather-adjusted residential sales over the last 12 months.  Third quarter sales in the commercial customer class decreased 3.8% on an actual basis and 2.9% when adjusted for weather compared to the third quarter of 2018. This change was driven largely by lower demand in the education sector, partially due to the implementation of energy efficiency measures as well as decreases in the food and beverage and real estate sectors. In our industrial class, third quarter load decreased 1% as continued growth in the shale gas sector was offset by lower usage from steel, automotive and chemical manufacturers, including the impact of the shutdown of the GM Lordstown plant earlier this year.  While we continue to watch these trends very closely, load for each customer segment remains in line with our forecast with bright spots including stable residential customer usage and modest growth in both residential and commercial customer accounts.  Looking at our transmission business, earnings increased primarily as a result of higher rate base at our formula rate companies related to the continued investments in the energizing the future program. And in our corporate segment, third quarter results reflect lower operating expenses in the absence of a third quarter 2018 contribution to the FirstEnergy foundation.  Before we open the call to your questions, we have a few other financial matters to discuss. First, it is our custom to providing estimate of the annual pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment which is a non-cash item along with third quarter results. Based on market conditions as of September 30, we estimate that adjustment to be in the range of $400 million to $1 billion. As always, the final adjustment will be determined by the discount rate and asset returns at the end of the year.  Our return on assets currently stand at a solid 17% plus for 2019. Looking ahead, if these results hold through the end of the year, we would be on track to decrease our 2022 funding requirements by approximately $140 million. In addition, while the lower interest rate environment resulted in a higher pension liability, our funded status has slightly improved to 78% from 77% at year end 2018.  Second, during the third quarter we successfully expanded our corporate term loans and now have a $1 billion one-year facility and a $750 million two-year facility. We will evaluate refinancing some or all of these amounts into the capital market sometime next year. Finally, we met with the rating agencies earlier this quarter to review our progress on our goals as a fully regulated company with an improved risk profile. We expect all three to provide normal course updates on our entities possibly as soon as EEI. Thank you. We continue to be committed to executing our strategies and meeting our commitments to investors. Now let’s take your questions. 
Steve Strah: Shar, this is Steve. Just to put a little finer point on that. Our next required funding requirement is in 2022 and that looks to be $240 million.
Steve Strah: This is Steve Strah. In West Virginia, the growth is primarily driven by the shale gas industry. It continues to be very resilient and seems immune to any of the discussion that we've heard about with regard to recessions or the trade tariff issue. So, West Virginia is really driven by that. Overall, as we have talked in our past, we project load growth in general, however, to be flat to slightly positive. And that's really just our six-state territory and where we see the economy going. I would also remind you that within our business plan, we take a conservative approach to these projections, and we've proven over time to be very accurate in doing it. 
Steve Strah: Michael, this is Steve Strah. We have a $225 million payment that's due to FES upon emergence. We will also at that time issue a tax note that will be due in 2022 for $628 million. That's our current plan and those are the commitments that have already been subject to being made public. So we're just going to continue to follow the agreement. 
Steve Strah: So, Paul, it's Steve. So the $500 million voluntary pension contribution that we made in the first quarter is the driver. So we went from 77% at the end of '18 to 78% funded status, but the other piece of this is the pension liability increased by $1.5 billion. So we went from $9.1 billion at the end of '18 to about $10.6 billion at the end of September. 
Steve Strah: If everything holds, the underfunded pension position will be around $2.3 billion. So, it will be up $200 million versus where we ended 2018. 
Chuck Jones: I think the way you think about is Shar as what Steve said in his prepared remarks is that we don’t have no required pension contribution through 2022, so -- and it’s reduced our 2022 requirement by about $140 million. So between now and 2022, I don't think it has any direct impact on our business. It just has an impact on the funding requirement that we will ultimately see out there in the future. 
Chuck Jones: I think formula rates obviously are our preferred mechanism. They provide the benefit of being very transparent to investors, very transparent to customers and regulators. I think they clearly result in a return of cash based -- both return on and return of capital investment in a more timely fashion to allow additional reinvestment back into future projects. So we talked about what we have planned for 2020 in JCP&L. But as we go forward, obviously, I think transmission formula rates are our preferred mechanism, and we will have now pretty much all of our company except for the former Allegheny transmission system on formula rates once FERC approves us. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I'll answer the last part first. I don't think it's going to have any impact on 2019. We expect to file the decoupling rates and the commission has 60 days to approve them. So, they're likely won't approve them this year, I don't think. As far as how I look at it, I think it establishes a fixed cost for the base distribution costs in Ohio. Obviously, the DCR and the Grid Mod riders are on top of that. But by establishing the fixed base, it's going to accomplish what the legislature tried to do. It allows us to continue to promote energy efficiency with our customers so that they can get the benefit of that without impacting our base revenues.  I think you pointed out the risk piece of it. It fixes our base revenues and essentially it takes about one-third of our company and I think makes it somewhat recession-proof. So, I get a question a lot about where I'm worried about a future recession. It's 2 million customers in Ohio that this is going to help make sure that that doesn't impact us. And I think
Chuck Jones: I don't think it's going to affect our plans for growth in the future in any fashion, Julien. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we'll get to giving you the CAGR and our equity plans when I'm comfortable with it. To plan on a company like ours three to four years out, it's a challenging process and it involves 10 operating companies, including our transmission business, look at project by project, what they plan to execute out in 2022 and beyond. It involves a lot of analysis around things like market performance and interest rates and growth economy versus recession economy and we're doing all that right now and I learned a term in engineering school called swag. I've never been willing to apply that to what I give to you. And I'm very protective of this record that we've established of every time we've given a commitment to you in the last five years, including the commitment on a major restructuring initiative, we've hit it. And we're getting close, but it's just a complex process and as soon as we're done, we'll communicate what the future beyond 2021 looks like. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think I've said twice now. I'm not going to give you what we expect our CAGR to be beyond that. But I also said, I don't think you're going to be disappointed when we ultimately do give it. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I'll let the rating agency speak for themselves. We do talk with them frequently and they are very aware of our plans. As far as whole co-leverage, I wish it wasn't what it is. But at the same point, as I've discussed in the past, we are comfortable that we can deploy about $3 billion of capital investment in our transmission and distribution system. That's what's driving the growth of this company and do it in a way where we will eventually grow into a stronger balance sheet. We could deploy back some of that cash towards maybe some of the holding company debt. But I just don't think that's the right thing to do for shareholders over the long-term. So we're going to continue to take our cash investment in growth, and then, as I said, we'll tell you what that's going to look like for the future coming up soon. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think across our entire footprint, we have already identified about $20 billion worth of transmission projects that we believe need to be completed. So, it's just a matter of, as we look at how do we deploy nearly $3 billion of capital every year, there is a rack and stack process that we go through that prioritizes where that money is spent for the most effective benefit for customers. And if in the end, it means that we would spend more in New Jersey, we'll spend it in New Jersey, but we have formula rates in Pennsylvania and Ohio also. So, it's more how are the projects stack up that drive us where to spend. I don't think you should expect us to materially expend more capital than what we've committed to, which is around $3 billion a year. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think, PJM, in particular, has a very transparent process already that affects these supplemental projects. And since that's where we operate, I'll comment on that. Because it's transparent, it's caused some of the questioning that goes on. But I will tell you that the projects that we do in transmission today, about half of the money is spent on PJM RTEP projects already. So those are already projects that PJM are saying are needed for future reliability reasons. And the rest fall into the category of what I call good asset management practice. And I think for the regulator, whether that be FERC or even the state commissions, to try to get too involved in how we do asset management as a business would be a mistake, because we're the one ultimately responsible for making sure that this grid is reliable and resilient and able to perform for customers, not just today, but for the long-term and the projects that we're doing just fall into the typical asset management decisions you make when you're running a bulk electric -- a piece of the bulk electric system and a system that serves 6 million customers. 
Chuck Jones: Not as it relates to what we're doing at FirstEnergy. The average project size inside this $1.2 billion of transmission spend, the average project size for us outside of the RTEP projects is about a $1 million to $1.5 million. These are small projects. I can't believe anybody is going to really be interested in trying to bid them and I would point out they're competitive bid already, because we competitive bid -- if we're putting in a new circuit breaker, we competitive bid that with numerous suppliers. If we're using a contractor to do that work, we competitive bid that work. So these projects are already competitive bid. And I don't think you're going to see anybody else that has the buying power or the capability that we have to competitive bid them cheaper anyway. 
Chuck Jones: Some of them are already subject to that. But no, I don't see it changing significantly from the way we do business today. 
Chuck Jones: No. It wouldn't be more debt. I mean, interest rates are fairly flat, if not going lower from the term loan. So, I'd have to actually go in and take a look to find out what's driving it. 
Chuck Jones: I think it's fixing our base rates and what it does compared to anything else is dependent on what you think is going to happen with the economy, what you think is going to happen with weather, what you think is going with happen with energy efficiency, et cetera, et cetera. So what it really does is it locks in our fixed base revenues at 2018 levels and I don't know how to compare it to anything else. So that part is going to be a certainty and then the DMR and the Grid Mod is on top of that as we make the investments that we're making in the Ohio companies. 
Chuck Jones: I wasn't intending to signal anything but I'll have Eileen update you on what we're looking at as far as future rate cases. 
Chuck Jones: Well, I think we're deploying capital where it's best fit to serve our customers better. And it right now out of average, call it $3 billion. About $1.2 billion of that is in transmission, $1.8 billion is in distribution. I don't think you're going to see that change a lot, but we clearly do prefer very transparent rate mechanisms. We mentioned on the call that we just filed another long-term infrastructure plan in Pennsylvania. The DCR and the Grid Mod in Ohio are very transparent riders. We have utilized the new rider in New Jersey for the first time starting last year and then we have transmission formula rates. And that $3 billion, a little over 60% of that is being deployed in these mechanisms that are very transparent and return cash back to the business quicker for reinvestment. 
Chuck Jones: And as far as the FES process goes, it's not our process at this point. The court approved the restructuring plan. Every aspect of it as it affects FirstEnergy has been clarified. But what they've said is they expect to get the nuclear licenses transferred yet this year and emerge yet this year. 
Jason Lisowski: Yes, Michael, this is Jason Lisowski, Chief Accounting Officer. So you're right, in 2019, we did have a little bit of additional O&M in our stated rate at transmission companies. So that was about a penny, penny and a half of additional O&M. So that reduced the '19 from the original guidance. But as you look into 2020, you'll see in the Factbook on Page 56 that we are showing about $0.04 increase year-over-year and that's the natural transmission growth that Chuck and Steve were talking about. But we do have a little bit higher interest expense mostly at FE transmission that holding company there issuing some additional debt. So we have some additional interest there. 
Jason Lisowski: Yes. Michael, this is Jason Lisowski again. So that's going to be issued as a note, and then once it's paid, that's when it will come through. So it's obviously non-cash until we actually pay it in 2022. 
Jason Lisowski: Yes. Charles, this is Jason Lisowski again. So our corporate O&M expenses really predominantly get allocated out to the distribution and transmission. So only think really left at corporate is any tax planning initiatives that we have and the holding company interest. And so to your point on '19 to '20, we did have a little bit of a tax benefit, some discrete items as we got the tax return for '18 finalized in '19. We're not expecting those types of benefits to go forward. So you are seeing a little bit higher the tax rate and a hurt, if you will, '19 to '20, from the effective tax rate. 
Jason Lisowski: Yes. Michael, this is Jason. So on your first question, if you look at Slide 56 of the Factbook in the lower right-hand corner, we note what our assumed consolidated and business unit segment tax rates. So we're expecting in 2020 to be around 21% to 24%. I'll just also mentioned that Charles had a question on the corp other, the interest expense that's increasing, that's predominantly because of that FES note that $628 million that will be issued upon their emergence. So we're assuming that will be issued at the end of this year, so we'll have that interest cost next year. And then going back on the cash taxpayer, we right now do not expect to be a federal cash taxpayer through at least 2024. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: Good morning. This is Eileen Mikkelsen and I'm Vice President of Rates and Regulatory Affairs. And FERC is responsible for approving the JCP&L transmission transfer to a forward formula rate. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: New Jersey can certainly participate in the process, but not involved in the approval of the applications. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thanks, Chuck. This is Eileen Mikkelsen and again really as it states in the Factbook, we are continuously reviewing the investments that we're making in our jurisdictions, the recovery associated with those investments and using that information to make our best judgments about when it's appropriate to file for future rate cases. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: I think the change in wording was really trying to be more precise about the process we use to make that evaluation. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: This is Eileen Mikkelsen. We did an evaluation as we always do looking at rate base and particularly as it relates to West Virginia and Maryland, we refined our assumptions, our separation studies associated with accumulated deferred income taxes as well as the distribution versus transmission assets. So that's what you see is kind of that re-racking and stacking associated with that further refinement of that analysis. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: This is Eileen Mikkelsen. And we have been actively participating in those stakeholder discussions relative to the multi-year rate plan rules in Maryland. We expect those final rules to be issued beginning of 2020 and then we'll evaluate the application of those to our Maryland distribution utility at that time. 
Eileen Mikkelsen: Thank you, Chuck. With respect to the energy efficiency standards, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio recently released a report really suggesting that all the utilities in the state were very close to that target and in fact opened up a comment period to seek comments from folks relative to what happens when we achieve that House Bill 6 mandated 17.5% level. 
