Anthony Alexander: Well, I think if there's a -- if you think about the AEP case, and probably synergy is going to be about the same, or Duke's about the same, there's multiple parties, not just FirstEnergy, engaged in trying to assure the competitive markets are the way to stay in Ohio and move both Duke and AEP more towards that model. We're not the only voice in this debate, although obviously, we're one of the larger ones. But obviously, there are customers involved. There are other marketers involved. And quite frankly, I think it's a hard sell overall to the basic process in Ohio is one in which whatever path you choose, it must be lower or less value than using a competitive market. And if in fact, they want to sell at lower-than-competitive prices, so be it. I don't think that's where their heads are at. I don't think that's where they're going. And from what I understand, their filings wouldn't support that. So I think the debate's still very lively and very much at the beginning here in the state.
Anthony Alexander: Well I think we are, Dan. I think we're having some pretty strong success despite rules within each of those areas that are not conducive to shopping. So we are moving customers. I think if in fact, they knew that they could avoid the non-by passable charges by shifting before they're established, I think you'd see much more shopping, much more activity in those areas.
Anthony Alexander: Yes. And I think what you'll see over time in Pennsylvania is shopping will approach the level that you're seeing in Ohio. I just think it will take a little longer because you don't have the ability in Pennsylvania to use tools like government aggregation, which allow you to make groups of residential customers look more like larger commercial and industrial customers, which means it takes a little longer to move customer by customer into those markets. But the fact of the matter is as customers get information, as it becomes clearer and clearer to them that there is an advantage to competitive markets, and they want to take advantage of it. There will certainly be suppliers out there like FirstEnergy. And FirstEnergy Solutions will hopefully be the preferred supplier of all these customers, and they'll seek contracts with us over a longer term.
Anthony Alexander: I think the market is beginning to appreciate the impact these rules may have on available generation. And I think it's just starting because there's just pieces of information coming out. I think the PJM auction kind of set a tone for that. The new CSAPR rule, which have accelerated requirements with respect to SO2 and NOx, and have limited trading capability within those -- within that potential compliance regime, I think it's -- I think we're at the beginning of trying to understand how this, in fact, impact prices going forward. And I don't think there's any question that it will.
Anthony Alexander: Well, it can't be done in a year, I can tell you that. Now that's part of what we're looking at right now. I don't think it have to be done by next year, because they do have some controls on them. And we might be able to use of interim controls like SNCRs and better burners at some of the Allegheny plants. So I'm not quite ready to give you or to outline exactly all of the options we have near term and long term.
Anthony Alexander: Yes. Basically, Jonathan, anything you do inside of a market that makes things non-by passable in a competitive market makes it very -- it raises all kinds of issues and questions with respect to timing and with respect to who and how long they're willing to pay for things.
Anthony Alexander: Yes. That's correct, Marc. In that number, there would have been, for example, there would have been investment at Eastlake 5. Beyond bank houses, which are probably the primary means for complying with the MACT rule.
Anthony Alexander: Well, again, not all this is all clear yet in terms of how the allowances and how this is going to get allocated. For example, the base year is 2005. Most of our equipment in Ohio was not scrubbed in 2005. It is scrubbed today, so the Sammis Plant construction project as an example. So how those allowances are going to get used across the state, they don't have to cross state lines to be able to use them in other plants in time how we will in fact meet the requirements for 2012, '13 and '14.
Anthony Alexander: No. To be honest with you, I haven't seen it, Paul. So I don't even know if anything is being passed around. I know that's what people are talking about, but I haven't seen anything like that.
Anthony Alexander: I would say the impact associated with some of the forced outages that we had as compared to last year, which I think had a fairly major effect on what they can do, what they could sell, having to buy some purchased power. I think it's again another reason why we're fairly comfortable with the second half of the year. Sammis is back online.
William Byrd: This is Bill Byrd. We do have some contracts, which go beyond the current provider of Duke's ESP, not huge numbers of customers, but we do have some that’s specific to how the capacity would work from the customer perspective. We just have to work it out. It isn't provided for in our contracts, and we have to see how it would be dealt with in the regulatory side, and then works out with our customers.
William Byrd: It's Bill Byrd, Steve. I think it be safe for you all to assume that we didn't sell forward the plants most at risk to the environmental rules.
William Byrd: We've said there's 1,500, 2,500 megawatts of subcritical units that are most at risk from the environmental perspective, so in that range.
William Byrd: We're proceeding with plan. It just takes time to get the contracts in place with the transportation arrangements and the coal yard facilities set up, but we're proceeding with plan.
Mark Clark: Jonathan, this is Mark. We haven't changed our timing. I think we slowed it up until we moved the longwall into the second panel. That was done early July. There were some operational issues there, which required some additional supports. Mine Health Safety Administration has signed off on our plant on the process of doing that. They've signed off our ability to resume production. But we're still on schedule. We've narrowed it down 8 meters, as we said before. We didn't really want to get anyone into the mine until those panels were removed. So management's sole focus was getting that done. We're back into the sales process again. And in my mind, we're right on where we expect -- anticipated being in terms of schedule.
Mark Clark: It could be 2011, but it would be probably later in the year. There are number of different options to pursue with respect to the sale. And the asset has a lot of value, and we'll take our time working through which option seems to be the best for us and our partner.
Mark Clark: I'll speak to the merger piece that we're certainly on track for the merger piece. We feel very comfortable with that. We talked about the fact there were 289 initiatives. They've all been assigned. Our folks are working them. So I feel very comfortable with that. Tony alluded to the prices seem to be moving up a little bit, so you can factor that in. We've talked about the fact that we're hedged about 75% in 2012, about 40% in '13. So I think we're very comfortable with where we are.
Mark Clark: Well I think in Ohio, I think, we would say that customers, as we've outlined before, still remain somewhat sticky. That market's been there a little bit longer. PA is just kind of starting up since the beginning of the year, so time will tell about that. But we're comfortable with the margins that we've said. We've only got so many megawatt hours to sell, and we're going to move them around to where we can get the most. And you got to remember, that our generation was built for a particular load shape, and all we're trying to do is replicate that shape at the highest possible margins. So we're very comfortable with where we are, and we're extraordinarily pleased with the efforts of Donny's group and how fast they've been able to do it. And not only on the front-end margin, but we're doing a lot of work, Steve on the back end and trying to make sure that we have the most efficient back room possible. So we don't get it on one end, and then give it away at the other. So we've been spending a lot of time on that and making a lot of progress there as well. So we're very pleased with the overall success, both in the capture of the customer and the margin and the efficiency that are being created in the back office.
Mark Clark: Marc, this is Mark. We gave our guidance back in May. We said that our capital would be around $2 billion a year. It might change a little bit as we move. For example, this year we reduced some substation expense and moved it into other areas, but still staying within the $2 billion. That $2 billion was not used to address the environmental issues. So as Tony alluded to, we're doing our homework now, and we don't have a number, and we won't until we get to see all the different options, which we hope to have get through this summer. But I just want to be clear that, that $2 billion was what I would call the ongoing business itself. I should say, we did add $100 million in '12 and '13 for any potential engineering that needed to be done for the nuclear or the fossil units.
Mark Clark: Well, I think that you have to remember that the first half of last year was extraordinarily strong with double-digit growth. We obviously wouldn't expect double-digit growth as nice as that might be. But we're seeing, where you got pockets of the market that are very, very strong. For example, steel and the piping for wells. You've got the Chevy crews on a third shift over at Youngstown. You've got the 2 auto engine plants for Ford. You've got some strong segments, and you've got some other segments that aren't doing so well, but it's all being compared against that very strong first half of last year.
Mark Clark: It is a combination of things. I mean July was -- I read this morning in the paper was the hottest July we've add in 140 years. I think we're getting better. The merger started February 28. We've got everybody in place now. Folks know what's expected of them. We got a better handle on where the costs are, where the opportunities are. If you recall, we took some of the Allegheny plants offline intentionally to get some of their production up, so I would say it's pretty much across the board. And that's why we're very comfortable with raising the bottom end.
Mark Clark: Well, that's a great question. I think it hit across the board. You had Sammis, 6 off for 91 days. You had Mansfield, 3 off for 32 days. You had Eastlake, 5 off for 7 days. It's 161 days. You compare that to, without getting in detail, some of the fossil units plant enforced last year of 107. So we lost a significant amount of the fleet in the first half, but the biggest chunk of that was Sammis, which will come back. Because you don't have Sammis, you go up your cost curve in terms of generation. So our fuel cost would go up. It's associated with that. The opportunity cost, we can't capture because those units are now being used and need our contractual sales. So it's across the board that Purchase Power goes up, fuel cost go up and the margin goes down. But as we've said, the biggest chunk of that was the Sammis, 6 unit of 91 days, and that is back online and expect to be back online for the balance of the year.
Mark Clark: It did have an impact, but it would kind of -- I have to speculate as to what the opportunity sales could have been. I'd speculate as to would that plant run or not run, so I would -- I think I'll just leave it that it had an impact. It would have been nice to have the units on particularly with the weather. We didn't get it and even despite the fact that those units aren't on, we're increasing the lower end of our guidance, given the confidence we have in the second half of the year. So despite all of that, we're still confident in what we told you back in May.
Mark Clark: The only other thing I would is that it takes a while for people to understand how we manage our units, how we'd like those units to be managed, and that's all a part of the learning curve, and that unfortunately takes some time, and we're being careful as we go through it.
Mark Clark: I can just speak to the fact we increased the bottom end of the guidance for '11 because that was the focus of what we reviewed, and we're going through '12 and '13 right now. Okay, I'd like to thank everyone joining us on the call today. And as always, we appreciate your continued support and interest in FirstEnergy. Thank you very much.
