Steve Strah: Well, thanks for your question. Through our FE Forward program, we have aligned our operations into a five state operating model and we are finding efficiency gains there already even though it’s early in the process and, and we are very excited by that. We are reviewing the legal entity and financial consolidation, because we believe the time is right to stand a team up and do a very thorough review of the opportunity. We have fielded calls and had questions over the last several years in my experience and would there be an opportunity here. And given our comprehensive review of the organization opportunities, we thought now is the right time to get a project team stood up and underway. And while it’s early, the teams are really going to be charged with assessing the benefits for the company through any kind of consolidation, but then we also have to keep our customers in mind and what type of benefits they may see from any action that we take here. The potential benefits, Jeremy, to me are the potential for increased efficiencies in some of our administrative functions and there is also a possibility that it could provide us better access to capital markets. So that’s really our view of it.
Steve Strah: Well, I think, the team is charged with probably a critical cost benefit analysis and once we are completed with that, we are going to do what makes sense here for our customers and for our company. And if it makes sense to us, we will move ahead and we will keep you updated on our progress.
Steve Strah: Julien, thanks for the question. As Jon had mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had three what I would characterize as very good meetings in April to discuss our continued transformation and our ongoing efforts to improve our balance sheet. I think in all three cases, there was an acknowledgement of the progress that we are making as a company and executing on what our plan was for the last year to 18 months and it’s also clear to me that we have to continue that track record of executing our business plan. So, our focus, as we have said many times is to get to the FFO-to-debt goal of 13% no later than 2024. And I think that’s well-received, as well as thereafter getting into the mid-teens level. We also had a dialogue on the use of proceeds for the two transformative transactions that we executed on in the fourth quarter. And I think we are taking those steps needed to get to investment grade, and as we have stated before, that it’s very important for us and it is a very key focus for us moving ahead. Jon Taylor, I don’t know if you have anything to add to that perhaps.
Steve Strah: Julien, this is Steve. I would just also add, we have seen volatility surrounding pension performance in our past. We have demonstrated in our past that we can overcome headwinds. And also, I would add that, it is our ongoing effort to be transparent about key issues like this and it’s early in the year. As John said, we have eight months and the team is dedicated to defeat any headwinds that we will see. So I am very confident in that, and once again, we will keep you updated throughout the year as we proceed.
Steve Strah: … for everyone. I got it. All parties in the shareholder derivative cases agreed to a global settlement, and as you know, it’s subject to court approval. On March 11 the parties submitted their papers to the Southern District of Ohio court and the approval process will take a little bit of time. And I just want to continue to respect that ongoing process and that’s where we stand on it.
Steve Strah: Sure, Angie. Thanks for your question. The investigations are ongoing and we as a company continue to fully cooperate and we are ready to do that. I can’t really speculate on any timing for completion right now. We are somewhat on their timetable and we respect that. So I don’t want to get too far ahead of the process and that’s really where we stand with it right now.
Steve Strah: No. It -- I -- we have noted in our 10-Q that we believe that it’s probable that we will incur a loss, but we can’t reasonably estimate it at this time.
Steve Strah: Sorry, Michael. This is Steve. I was just going to add, even while you are going to see that impact on O&M, which will be a lowering impact, we are keeping our customers at the center of the equation here also. And that is even as we lower O&M by the reinvestment in certain ways in our various computer systems, the ability to streamline service for customers, the customer experience will be enhanced all at the same time. So I just wanted to add that sort of step down there.
Steve Strah: I don’t think it’s going to have a material impact on earnings guidance, Gregg. I think we have been fairly clear that the -- and the sensitivity that we do have for it, it will not materially throw us off track in terms of achieving our goals. We also continue to believe that the adder is appropriate and it’s helpful for us, as we continue to build out and improve transmission reliability for our system in our five state footprint and that’s where we stand on it.
Steve Strah: Well, thank you very much and thanks for your ongoing support and attention today. I did want to just take a brief moment and wish everyone a Happy Earth Day, which is today actually. At FirstEnergy, we are really proud of our commitment to the environment. This week we stated a goal in which we are going to plant 20,000 trees throughout our service territory. It’s just one of a number of different initiatives organized by our Green teams, which are employee volunteers who support environmental initiatives in a full range of items, from planting trees to beach cleanups to recycling. And I am just very, very proud of our employees that are engaged in such an important activity for us and I just wanted to acknowledge and thank them for that today. And with that, I will call it close to the call. Thank you for your continued attention and support, and we will be talking to you soon. Thank you.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Hey, Jeremy. This is John. First of all, let me apologize in advance for my voice. I have been under the weather this week and my voice is a little off. But to answer your question, there’s really two primary accounting changes. One was corporate support costs that we had historically capitalized based on a methodology. As we went through the FERC audit, they had maybe a different point of view. And so we came to a conclusion that some of the corporate costs that we had historically capitalized going forward wouldn’t get that level of capitalization going forward. And then the second accounting change was around veg management, where we had historically capitalized a portion of our veg management program, and through various state audits and the FERC audit we decided to move forward with having all that flow through the P&L. So on average it’s about $150 million a year that historically had been capitalized that now flow through the P&L that is baked into our plan for the full year of 2022 and going forward.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Steve, I think, you said it well. I thought the meetings were very productive, a lot of discussion around culture and the things that we are doing around our code of conduct and other policies, as well as our financial plan. As you know, Julien, two of them have us on positive outlook. And I think as long as we continue to execute, I am optimistic that they are going to be in a position to upgrade sometime this year. It might be later this year, but as long as we continue to execute against our plan, I am optimistic that they will be able to do something later this year. Now, for S&P, they have us on a stable outlook. They have a little bit of a different timeline. But from the conversations that we had, I do anticipate that they could be in a position to at least have an outlook change maybe as early as the fourth quarter.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So Julien on the pension, let me just maybe some level set the group here on. Obviously there’s a lot of moving pieces, but there’s some volatility in the interest rate environment, as well as the equity markets. And on the balance sheet side of things, it’s been positive, right? It’s moved our funded status from 82% at the end of last year to 84%, which is about a $350 million improvement in the liability, which improves credit metrics by about 20 basis points. However, for pension expense, because of the planned losses versus the expected return, that’s going to put some pressure on or at least some potential pressure on pension expense. And if you had the market at the end of March, it would have been about a $0.10 per share headwind for us. Now a couple of thoughts I would offer. First of all, we have eight months to go in terms of setting pension expense for next year. So it’s early and we have we have time to recover. But more importantly, the management team is already planning, is it this headwinds going to exist and we will be able to use the O&M benefits associated with our FE Forward program that we recently announced as offsets, as well as we are looking at other opportunities around the timing of maintenance activities, we are looking at our debt financing plan including voluntary pension contributions and many more opportunities. So bottomline is, we wanted to be transparent, and more importantly, articulate our plan that we are working on. Obviously, this is something that we are going to continue to monitor. But we run our business conservatively and always have levers that we can pull to offset items such as this.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. Hi, Steve. This is John. So you are right, we don’t have any additional equity leads in our plan. Obviously, we feel like we have the right level of growth in cash flow to get back to an investment grade and fund our capital programs and connect competitive dividends. Having said that, I think, if you look at the track record of this management team, we are going to do what’s right for shareholders. And if there was ever an opportunity or need like that again in the future, we would absolutely look at all of our options and capitalize on the difference between public and private market valuations, just like we did last year.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. The outage was in late February, March. So, March being kind of a shorter month, I don’t feel like that’s unusual at all.
Jon Taylor: No. That’s -- Angie, that’s something that we have had on our radar for quite some time. We started the Grid Mod 1 program three years ago and that was always the intention that there would be different phases of the Grid Mod program. And so that’s something that will file probably later this year or we will find out later this year. We have already kind of had some discussions with some of the intervening parties around the plan and some of the thoughts. But it will be kind of a continuation of our Grid Mod 1 program, smart meters, distribution automation, voltage regulation. We might do some pilot work around trip savers and utility on storage, battery on storage, those types of programs. But this is always been in the plan.
Jon Taylor: So, from an S&P perspective we will be over 11% and from a Moody’s perspective we will be somewhere between 10.5% and 11%. So that’s kind of where we are targeting. A lot of it’s going to depend on what we do with the final $800 million of the proceeds, whether we fund the pension or take out additional holding company debt. So those numbers could change quite a bit, but that’s current -- that’s our thinking.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So, Michael, if you do -- if you adjust last year with O&M for the accounting changes, just our base level operating costs, we are going to be about $1.4 billion this year. Last year we were a little bit north of that number. So as you start to think through the rest of this year, especially in the second half of this year, you will start to see some O&M reductions relative to the prior year based on our FE Forward program and then that will continue into the following year. So, we are super excited about it and its meaningful reductions and you will start to see that in the second half of this year. And that’s going to give us some flexibility to do some things strategically where if we want to put some additional O&M and certain jurisdictions or do some other things, it just gives us a lot of flexibility, when you have that type of program.
Jon Taylor: Well, so Michael, so the benefit associated with the consolidation of Pennsylvania and Ohio, that’s not necessarily an O&M benefit. There might be some administrative things that are streamlined. But in the main, it’s not an O&M benefit. Because as Steve mentioned, we have already gone to a five state operating model operation, right? And so we already operating with this and that’s where some of the benefits on the O&M side is the streamlining of the operations into that five state operating model. The benefits associated with consolidating some of the legal entities is on the financing side, right? I mean, right now, those companies, smaller companies and they are accessing the private debt markets and the little bit more expensive than if you were to access the public markets.
Jon Taylor: So, I think, we are going to be -- it’s going to be south of $100 million. I think it’s going to be probably somewhere around $50 million that will be rate based. But, yeah, we are working the settlement, and hopefully, we will have some clarity around that, too.
Jon Taylor: Yeah. So when it comes to the equity contributions and then the operating companies, that’s primarily going to be in our Pennsylvania companies in Mon Power, in West Virginia, maybe a little bit in Ohio, but primarily Pennsylvania and West Virginia. And then, like I said, just a little bit in Ohio. So that’s kind of what we are targeting right now. A lot of those cap structures over the years have moved down to the mid-40s. We are going to get those back up to 50%. So we feel good about that plan. When it comes to the $800 million, obviously, a lot of it depends on the interest rate environment, where the funding status of the pension plan ends, incremental capital opportunities. Our focus is on improving the balance sheet, enhancing our credit metrics, but also to make sure anything we do is accretive to earnings. The conversations that we had with Moody’s specifically, I didn’t get the sense that they, pension contribution versus HoldCo debt take out, I don’t think they, they counted adjusted debt to them anyway both. And so I didn’t think they had a view one way or the other. But we are obviously as we kind of make these decisions, we will run things by them.
Jon Taylor: No. I didn’t get that sense. I mean, like, I said, I think, for us it’s just a matter of executing our plan and deploying the proceeds from the Brookfield transaction. And I think they are very pleased with the changes that we have made. They are very interested in our cultural changes and the things that we are doing around our compliance program and stuff like that. So, I don’t -- I didn’t get the sense that there was anything else that they were looking for. But I don’t want to speak for them. I just don’t recall that in the conversation being a big issue.
Jon Taylor: So, well, let me address your question there. I mean, if you think about our $17 billion capital program and the equity proceeds that we have coming in, plus the cash from operations that will generate over the five-year period. We are only going to fund our capital program with 30% debt, $5 billion. In the meantime, we are going to take out $1.5 billion. So over the forecast period our balance sheet debt is only going to grow by $3.5 billion, even though we are going to invest $17 billion.
Jon Taylor: We won’t, I mean, so the plan right now is the holding company debt, after we take out the $500 million this year, we will be a $6.5 billion. So it will not -- we will not have any more holding company debt. In fact, if we make a decision that we are going to take out more holding company debt that will be less than that.
Jon Taylor: So the remaining proceeds, Paul, is $800 million from the two transactions and if we decide to make a pension contribution, that’s totally up to us. So it could be the full $800 million. It could be, we decide to go a different route and maybe take out additional holding company debt, maybe we fund a pension $300 million or $400 million. There’s a lot to be worked out and so I can’t give you a good answer, but it’s a voluntary contribution, not a mandatory or required contribution.
