James F. Pearson: Dan, this is Jim. I'll take a shot at that, and then if Leila and Donny want to add any more cover, I'll hand -- color, I'll hand that off to them. Yes, we hit the midrange of our guidance for this quarter, but several things happened since we gave that guidance, Dan. First off, during the quarter, we did experience better results in our regulated distribution business than what we had expected. We knew that we were going to have higher expenses in the first quarter associated with maintenance expenses, but our revenues were somewhat better than what we expected. And then on the corporate side, we also experienced some benefits against some taxes to a couple of cents. What happened since the call, on the competitive side, we decided that we were not going to bill several cents of the ancillary services. In addition, PJM reallocated some of their expenses from January, and that impacted us by about $0.02. And then March was rather challenging, as we experienced some fairly cold weather and some extreme wholesale market prices on that side of the house. So with that, we had a decrease somewhat in the competitive side. It was offset, though, by the corporate and the regulated distribution side. Looking past the first quarter, Dan, we had some additional expenditures that impacted us. First, the Davis-Besse outage that Tony talked about earlier, it impacted us by a couple of cents. And then we also went out and we bought some additional outage insurance, and we closed all of the remaining positions that were opened for the remainder of the year. So when you take all of that together, that is what drove the midpoint of the competitive energy services from $0.42 to $0.17.
James F. Pearson: I would say that, that will be part of what the retail review and scaling will be. But at this point, I'm not really expecting that we will go out and purchase that outage insurance on an annual basis.
James F. Pearson: I don't see when anything that's happened, Julien, this is Jim, that would drive any additional maintenance CapEx.
James F. Pearson: Paul, this is Jim. I would say you hit it right. A big driver of that is the earnings that are down. So I would say that's probably associated with at least...
James F. Pearson: I would say there's about $350 million there. We had -- in the first quarter, our collateral, it was up $419 million over the first quarter of last year. We did get some of that collateral returned to us when PJM reset their collateral requirements. We did get about $275 million back. So my expectation is collateral may be somewhat higher for a period of time, but not to the extent we have it right now.
James F. Pearson: I wouldn't -- that's a working capital item, Paul, so I would not expect that to continue like that.
James F. Pearson: At this point, Stephen, we have not updated our 2015 EBITDA for the open positions we have right now. So if those open positions are filled at a higher energy price, as we're seeing, then you could see that being driven up. But I'll leave Leila to give you some more color on that.
James F. Pearson: This is Jim. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. For those of you who are still in the queue to ask a question, a member of the IR department will reach out to you. Our 3 core businesses, distribution, transmission and competitive energy services, provide us with the flexibility to capture value for our investors. Our first quarter results in our distribution and transmission businesses were within our expectations, and we are encouraged by continued signs of a more substantial economic recovery in our service area. And we will continue working to change the rules, policies and practices that currently create both negative reliability and price impacts in competitive markets, and we have taken action to mitigate the impact of current market conditions. We appreciate your continued support, and we remain committed to providing long-term value and sustainable growth. Thank you.
Leila L. Vespoli: Julien, this is Leila. I think they are very focused on that. I think Ohio is not alone in their concern at looking at the polar vortex and the market rules and what they mean in term -- potentially mean in terms of reliability going forward. And I think you're right here in the sense that they dovetail into what might folks want to see within the context of an ESP going forward. So those are the kinds of things that we are looking at now and talking with folks in Ohio about to see what it is that we might do in Ohio that's provided for under Ohio law that might mitigate some of the reliability issues with respect to that and to ensure that they have stable pricing in Ohio.
Leila L. Vespoli: Julien, I -- that is something that's actively being considered. I mean, that's something that we wouldn't decide solely at our end. We would want to be talking with folks and discuss what is the appetite for this kind of things. So that's the thing that's under discussion right now.
Leila L. Vespoli: Okay. I'll talk about it generally then turn it over to Donny to maybe give you some more specifics. I think with regard to what FERC has already approved, I think it will have the potential to move the auction a little bit. But I don't think any of the rules currently approved are going to move the auction substantially. I don't think that's consistent with what I'm reading out there. I think longer term, Julien, and what some folks in the industry are talking about among themselves and now with some regulators from a federal level perspective, in order to fix the uneconomic generation issue that folks are talking about, that the Market Monitor talked about in his report, you're going to need more than what PJM has proposed to FERC right now. You're going to need additional changes, both in terms of base residual auction changes that, obviously, wouldn't take place until 3 years out, so I'll call that a longer-term fix. But you have some companies, Exelon notably one of them, that says they're looking to make decisions in the shorter term. And folks are going to have to concentrate and look at, "Okay, what might be a shorter-term fix that will take us to a place where you then have fixed the base residual auction 3 years out?" One of the things that folks are talking about is on-site fuel and looking to give units with on-site fuel some kind of premium in a market that they certainly don't get now, tying into the concept of fuel diversity. So those are some of the kind of things that I would like to see happen. But certainly, not something that we're going to see in an upcoming auction. But with that, I'll turn it over to Donny and his thoughts on the upcoming auction.
Leila L. Vespoli: Paul, this is Leila. That is something that changes almost hourly. I do think they are posed to do something. I do think you're right in the sense that the different parties are looking at that and putting forward different compromise proposals as we go along. I can't say that I have a perfect crystal ball as to what's going to come out the other end. But I think, directionally, they are probably going to put forward something that is very positive. I don't think it will look like exactly what has been originally contained in the legislation. But I think from a perspective of saving customers' money in terms of energy efficiency requirements, I think it will come out positive. And I think, hopefully, they're slated to do something, yes, this week in the Senate.
Leila L. Vespoli: Actually, Stephen, I think, right now, with respect to our current sales levels in 2015, roughly sold the 56 million. If you were to not sell anything further going into it, just sell it at the current forward market prices, I think we would be within that range of EBITDA. So I think, right now, although we -- obviously, that's something we're going to continue to examine as we go forward, I think we are comfortably within the range and are -- as I said, continue to look at it as we go forward.
Leila L. Vespoli: I think one of the things you need to think about is the sustainability of the pricing going forward. That's something that we continue to look at. And as Tony mentioned, as we go forward, we're going to be looking at a different mixture of things, potentially. So again, that's something that we will continue to evaluate as we go forward. But right now, we feel comfortable kind of within that range as currently shown.
Leila L. Vespoli: Greg, I think your first comment was fair, but I'm going to turn it over to Donny to address the latter piece.
Leila L. Vespoli: Greg, that's something that we're working on, and we should be in position to do in some future call.
Donald R. Schneider: She said it pretty well, Julien. I don't have a lot to add. I mean, you kind of think of the plus and minus, if you will. On the plus side, if you're a generator, you've got the retirements that are out there. You've got the import limits. You've got the change that they made to DR. You at least have some suggestion about the arbitrage issues. Whether that gets done before the auction or not, who knows? But on the minus side of the ledger, you've got load forecast is down. You've got a lot of new generation in the queue. We'll have to see what happens there with that new generation. I think that's kind of the wildcard for the upcoming auction, if you will. And generally, I'd agree with Leila. It's possible to see this needle move a little bit in a favorable direction, but not nearly enough to sustain what the PJM needs from a reliability perspective going forward.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. I think, Stephen, just to add to that. This is Donny. If you think about where we're at today, Leila mentioned, for 2015, we've sold about 56 terawatt-hours. If you use -- we've given you a range on generation, but -- 75 to 80. If you just pick 76 as our generation, that would say that against our generation, we're about 20 terawatt-hours open. The market's moved kind of roughly about $6 for cal year '15, so you're at about $120 million, and I think our range was right at about $100 million. So what we're saying is things are looking better, obviously, from a wholesale perspective. We've got a nice open position. We haven't quite figured out where we're going with retail sales, so to speak. So just a lot of things in flux there that kind of boil down, and we'll probably be updating that later this year.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. No, Greg, I think you're directionally correct. There's nothing that's changed in the P&L that would create downward pressure for '15. We are still evaluating where we want to be with retail sales, how we might want to play the wholesale market, for example. So that's really what's driving the fact that we haven't updated that range.
Donald R. Schneider: Yes. With the 32 that's under contract, and you can plan on us generating somewhere, again, in the 75 to 80 terawatt-hours. That will leave you about -- just short of 50 terawatt hours open.
