Steve Movius: Thanks, Katelyn, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's fourth quarter and year end 2014 conference call. We’ve provided supplemental information in the form of a PowerPoint presentation that you can access at our website. Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today’s call constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of Federal Securities Laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially. Matters discussed on today’s call may also include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled in the supplemental PowerPoint presentation. I would also like to note that in 2015, our earnings releases will be in the fourth week of the month following the quarter-end due to reporting conventions. On the call today are Wes Bush, our Chairman, CEO and President; Jim Palmer, our CFO; and Ken Bedingfield, our CFO Elect. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Steve Movius: Thanks Ken. As we open up the call for Q&A, I would ask each participant limit themselves to a single question. With that Katelyn, we are ready for questions.
Steve Movius: Great. Well, thank you. This concludes the Q&A portion of the call. And at this point in time, I’d like to turn it over to Wes for final comments.
Wes Bush: Thanks Cai, it’s really important question about how we are thinking about R&D. We don’t guide with specific numbers for each year on what they are, we do repeat them at the end of each year. But I will just say that as we think about our role in the broader global security community, our role is to bring technology for you and bring the types of solutions that are based on technological superiority that enables our nation and those of our allies to get the jobs done. So, technology has always been a core part of what we do. And through this downturn cycle, we’ve held our R&D as a percentage of sales up through the cycle. And I see us continuing to emphasize this and grow it over time. And this goes across all of our businesses by the way. As you might imagine, some of our businesses are little bit more technologically intensive than others and so it’s not exactly the same percentage in each year. Every single one of them has a strong technological underpinning. And that span of technology encompasses not only the things that we’re working on in terms of near term developments to bring in the products but also the very early stage technologies. Things that aren’t going to pay off for our company or for our customers for many, many years, we see that as just an absolutely integral and critical part of our R&D strategy. Not every one of those investments turns out that we can turn it into something but we believe that’s a key part of being in the technology space. We’re going to try some things that don’t always work out and some of them work out astoundingly well. So, we are going to continue that on our path forward. I’ve mentioned several times in past calls, about half of our population, about half of our 65,000 folks are degreed scientists, engineers, mathematicians, technologists of some kind. So, there is just an amazing amount of creative capacity in this organization. And our ability to get good returns on our technology investments is really because of the hard work and dedication and creativity of that great team.
Wes Bush: Yes. And Jim, I’ll just add to that because Joe had good comment about mix. And I think that’s a really important perspective, just to reiterate something that we’ve all said a number of times over the past couple of years. As we go forward, we do expect there to be a number of good development activities. And I’m okay with our margin rates coming down a little bit based on our successful cascade of new development activities. I’m not okay with margin rates coming down. If there are performance issues, we went through an era as a company where we had a series of performance issues and worked hard and get passed that. So, our focus is go out, get those really good development opportunities that should create great value for our shareholders over time. If we need to have a little bit lower margin rate because of that mix shift over time, that’s fine but we’re going to keep performing. And that’s really going to be the focus across the enterprise is whatever go at and capture, we’re going to execute well.
Wes Bush: Yes. And I’ll just point out as well that when we talk about centers of excellence sometimes that sounds like company consolidation. And yes, perhaps that 50,000 foot level, that’s where it is. But ultimately, it’s a key part of our strategy to drive both affordability and innovation in the organization. We’re finding that as we do a better job of integrating some of the activities that have been geographically separated that we’re getting a lot of very positive energy that is going not only into the programs but are being executed but also the development of new opportunities. So, that’s a big part on the innovation side. And of course on the affordability side, consolidating our footprint has been a process that we’ve been underway now for several years. And that’s already paying off of course. And we expect to see good returns on that as we go forward. So, overall, my point is that capital investment has a lot of different strands that run through affordability, innovation and supporting our programs across the board. And we’re delighted to be able to have those kind of opportunities to invest where we see those returns.
Wes Bush: And I would just add a little bit. The science of backlog conversion to revenues in the following year is an interesting area of study. We all know that in our long cycle business, it often takes a while before that backlog converts to sales and that’s what we mean by long cycle. And obviously in short cycle, we know that there is a lot more volatility in that conversion. And I think if you think about these vectors backlog and revenue, it’s probably easy to conclude that the direction of the vectors is more often aligned than it is to conclude that the magnitude of the vectors is aligned and correlated. And if you look back over just the last few years, in IS we have seen some years of notable declines in backlog where the revenues in the following year were directionally the same, it was down but the magnitude was a lot different. And that goes back to what Jim was saying, it’s due to the nature of these short cycle businesses that sometimes we’re seeing more revenue from the awards that are captured in the year of performance. So, when we do our look forward and give our guidance, we really do look at the whole pipeline, it’s not just the back -- we just look at the backlog, it is a perspective that encompasses what we see in front of us in the current year and how we see that translating into revenue. So, of course our 2015 guidance does contemplate what that current backlog position looks like but I would say more importantly, it contemplates what we see from a pipeline perspective and a position perspective.
Wes Bush: Yes. And that’s actually important point. If you look at how we’ve done that over the last few years, if you think about it, and Jim and Steve will correct me if I get these numbers slightly wrong. But over the last five years, our top-line is down around 13% but our headcount is down around 20% - 21%; our footprint is down around 10%.
Wes Bush: So, we’ve gone after a whole set of cost structure issues that have enabled us to maintain our R&D investment. And as we said earlier, we’ve done it because that’s what we do. That’s the essence of our enterprise to be able to bring technologically based solutions to our customer community. And I certainly anticipate we’ll be doing that on a go forward basis.
Wes Bush: Noah, I would say that there are some factors that drive that probably well beyond our control. Clearly the global security environment is the most prominent driver of how that works out. And we all know we’re dealing with a road us today that has so much volatility in that regard that any one thing in that basket of volatility could push our nation and our allies into a very different place of security spending. So, trying to predict that and get out ahead of that is difficult but we want to make sure we’re always ready in the event that we’re called upon to respond to that sort of outcome that we’re ready to do it. So, that’s one aspect of it. The other aspect of it, I just want to be very clear about because I know many folks listen to these call, including some of our employees. And we are not an enterprise that’s being driven by visions of the top-line. We drive our enterprise based on value creation. And if we put our head stood and said [indiscernible] we’re going to figure out one way or another to get a double-digit and top-line, yes, we could probably go figure how to do it and then perhaps regret it a few years later. We’re going to continue to drive this enterprise on value creation. So, even in a case where there maybe extraordinary opportunities in front of us, we’re not going to get mesmerized top-line mathematics. We’re going to continue to make case by case decisions on what makes sense and how we create value. So, those two things I think are important to have in your mind if you think about our company. We’re going to be value driven and we’re going to be ready to support our customer community, no matter what they face.
Wes Bush: Well, I would say Rob, we’re first and foremost focused on achieving the objective that we laid out for ourselves when we announced our plan in the middle of 2013, the retirement of 60 million shares. So, we’ve got a full year ahead of us. And that’s really our focus to make sure that we do that in a way that’s thoughtful and in a way that creates good value for our shareholders. Beyond that, I really can’t say anything that would provide too much commitment but what I can say is if you look back at what we’ve been doing for a long time, we’re fairly predictable crowd. We obviously prefer to put every dollar we can inside the business to generate long-term returns. And you’re seeing us do a bit of an increase in that regard because we see opportunities against which we can match those investments. But in aggregate, we’ve been a very healthy returner of cash to shareholders. And we think that strategy has worked well for us. We of course always continue to evaluate that to make sure that we’re making the best decisions on behalf of our shareholders for how we deploy that cash. But as I said earlier, you can tell how we think by looking at our track record.
Wes Bush: Myles, I hate to try and call the bottom of a trough and the analogy I keep giving is it’s hard to tell if the trough is going to be V shaped or if one of these troughs has a long flat center to it. And if you just look at the math and I’m sure everybody’s done the math, the math of the sequester budget actually on a pure dollar number basis looks a little better than where we are in ‘15. So, you could say actually even if had sequester, it might be little better. But I would caution folks not to be too excited about that. If we have the sequester, what we really have is a horrible mechanism that goes with the sequester that has this mindless approach to cutting everything equally. So, how that lands in terms of individual companies, what impact that would have on our customer community just even to thinking of the customer community and how they will go about getting things under contract and making decisions. I think the sequester if not fixed is a disaster. So, I’m very focused as I know our customer community is. And quite honestly, I know many thoughtful members in congress are as well focused on being clear that this sequester is something that has to get fixed. So, I’m personally a little bit concerned about this image that somehow just because the number looks a little better in a sequester budget next year that means this year is the trough. If we don’t get this thing fixed, it could be ugly. And we got to get it fixed. Now, as I said on our last earnings call I’m seeing a lot of more sand at the end of discussing that is underway up on the hill around these issues. And I really applaud what the department is doing in terms of providing clarity to both the hill and the American people about the necessity of getting this thing fixed. But it’s not fixed yet, and until it is, I think we all need to be a little bit careful in terms of how we think about this.
Wes Bush: Sure, okay. Well, let me take on these one at a time, first on the sequester. The point I think is really important to understand is the sequester mechanism that’s embedded in the law requires that the budget cuts that come with it are across the board and apply on a percentage the same to each of these line items, if you will. And that removes the flexibility of the department to manage the core structure, to manage its operations, to manage all of the things that has to mange in a rational way. No reasonable person managing a budget having to take money out of the budget would say we cut everything the same. That’s a disabling approach to managing things. And as a result of that the department would be put into disarray because the mission hasn’t changed. No one has said gee, we’re going to cut everything the same but let’s cut down our focus on ISIS, by the same we cut down our focus on Russia, by the same we cut down our focus on emerging threats or the same we cut down our focus on cyber security. You have to make sure that you’re managing how we deploy our capability to address the threat. [ph] So, it’s this mechanism that cuts equally across all programs, projects and activities is absolutely nonsense and that will impact behavior. If you were the recipient of that type of force guidance; it’s more than guidance, it’s the law, if you were the recipient of that requirement that you manage things in that manner, yes, it would create some behaviors that you otherwise would not exhibit because you’re trying to manage to something that doesn’t make any sense. So, as I said earlier, we’ve got to get it fixed for the sake of the nation and clearly for the sake of not only the Defense Department, I would also say for the sake of all the other components of the discretionary budget that need to be operating in a rational manner, we need to get back to whatever the number is; we need to get back to a normal appropriations methodology that enables management of our government programs of our government operations. So that’s -- I’ll get off myself boxed but that’s my worry that getting this fixed is not done yet. With respect to Aerospace, the set of opportunities that we see before us in aggregate, yes, would represent an additive outcome to the magnitude of what we do in aerospace. And there are many of those opportunities, both domestic and international that we’re addressing in our Aerospace business. I mentioned in my prepared remarks at the beginning the success that we’re beginning to see around the globe with our unmanned systems, the Global Hawk contract with Korea; the type selection of Global Hawk by Japan; the strong interest in Triton that we’re seeing in several countries now. Those are very exciting opportunities in front of us. Jim mentioned E-2D as well, the type selection of E-2D by Japan and the opportunities, the other opportunities we see internationally for E-2D. So, the international side of this is exciting in aerospace. And then domestically, there are variety of programs that are on the horizon here that too would be additive. And yes, there are some things coming down F-18 is coming down a bit and there is inherent ups and downs in different parts of the AS business. But when I add those opportunities that we see in front of us to the things we already have that are growing like F-35, I see some hope for the next few years and nice opportunity for growing Aerospace which by the way I see for some of our other businesses too.
Wes Bush: Well, obviously I’ll stop with the brief summary of what I said at the start of the call. 2014 was another year of solid performance by the Northrop Grumman team. And we remain focused on our strategy that is creating long-term value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. Thanks everyone for joining us today and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
Jim Palmer: Joe, this is Jim. We don’t really plan for adjustments; we plan for marginal rates associated with each of our businesses looking at backlogs and margins inherent in the backlog as well as where we think the business will perform. When I think about our Electronic Systems business, 16.5% margin this year and guidance for next year still is very good performance. Relative to the industry peers, frankly we’ve had in Electronic Systems, a group of mature production programs that are nearing completion, being replaced by younger development programs and/or younger production programs. So, we’re going through a little bit of a shift from some mature programs to some less mature programs. But that’s kind of the normal cycle. At Aerospace, again, the $75 million benefit that’s in margins in Aerospace this year will not at least the -- reason why it’s going to be here next year. So, that’s a big part of a change in margins in Aerospace. But again, high 11% margin is really good performance. We had a little change over the last couple of years in our fixed price business mix change but it’s not been that significant, probably up a couple of percentage points on a year-over-year basis. So, we continue to have significant development activities in each of our businesses, which actually is life bud of our future.
Jim Palmer: Just echo your comments, centers of excellence and program opportunities are really the drivers of capital investment. And frankly, last year we said that capital expenditures were going to be high for a few years and we basically implemented what we said we were going to do.
Jim Palmer: Doug, you hit on a couple of the items. Clearly right after the end of the year, we booked $900 million award in Technical Services piece of the business. And those touch and go whether that would have gone be in the end of the year, the first of 2015. And basically we didn’t rush the deal, we made sure that we got a deal that made sense and so that’s locked over in 2015, so be it. When we look at the shorter cycle business, Information Systems, it’s interesting that only about little over half of the revenues actually come out of funded backlog for the year. That is a shorter cycle business, a big part of the business moves from unfunded backlog to funded backlog as we go through the year. Said differently, the customer tends to fund this in a number of months increments rather than a full annual year basis. And so, we tend to see that kind of cycle move through there as well as just being a shorter cycle business. So, new awards have more of immediate impact on revenues in the current year. So, its’ a combination of all those kinds of things and frankly, some expectations for international opportunities as well that went into our revenue guidance for both of those businesses.
Jim Palmer: I’d just add Wes that -- Carter, we manage all cost and that’s just one element of cost. And so, to the extent that we choose spend more money on R&D or IRAD, essentially we’re trying to find other ways that we can reduce other cost so that we keep our total cost structure in line with what was anticipated when we bid these contracts. So, it’s always a little bit of push and pull, between how much for this and how much for that. But then choosing to spend more on IRAD or research and development, we’re cautiously working to reduce other cost to give us the flexibility to absorb that increased IRAD investment within our total cost structure.
Jim Palmer: Sure. F-35 is one of our largest programs across the company in the aggregate; it’s roughly about 5% of sales. The mix is heavier towards AS space maybe 70% of the total; Electronic Systems a little bit -- the 30% is roughly evenly split between ES and IS, but maybe a little bit heavier at ES. Probably up about a $150 million in revenue on a total company basis this year, ‘15 versus ‘14. Margin rate is probably little bit less than each of the sectors’ overall margin rate, younger program but making progress, it’s how we look at it. And over a long period of time, should perform like a mature production program.
