James F. Palmer: Doug, the reduction that you're seeing in Information Systems backlog is principally due to the adjustment we made across the portfolio, but largely concentrated in Information Systems around our future expectation for amounts remaining on contract to be converted into future sales. And so, we went through a process this year that looked at amounts that were put under contract, for which the period of performance had largely expired and there'd been very little activity. So on one hand, there was amounts remaining on backlog, but it just felt like, to us, that in the current environment they may not be converted in the future sales. And so we made a -- an adjustment, or a reserve, against some of that backlog to reflect our view that some of that may not be realized as future sales. So that's the largest adjustment.
James F. Palmer: Actually, Cai, good questions. Frankly, my view would be over the foreseeable future, CAS costs are actually going to go up, largely because CAS amortizes what we all remember as the significant negative investment performance in 2008 over 15 years. So we're just beginning to -- on the front end of that amortization process, CAS costs likely are going up. You have the benefit of CAS harmonization that it will be stepped in over the next 5 years as well. So on a look-forward basis, I think we all would see CAS costs large largely going up now, to the extent that we have really great investment performance over the next couple of years. Again, that would be amortized over that 15-year period on a go-forward basis. So those are all offsets. I do think that, as I said, CAS costs go up over the next few years, looking forward. You are correct that if we don't make any voluntary contributions this year, we do have a cash flow benefit that comes from essentially recognizing the past actions we've taken to fund the plant -- plan ourselves, ahead of when we got reimbursed for the CAS cost.
James F. Palmer: That -- so as I think many of you know, we have 3 sets of different rules that we have to deal with. And essentially, cash contributions are governed by the ERISA rules and PTA funding. And they -- the cash contributions required there are a function of how well-funded you are. And again, at our 88% funding on a GAAP basis on an ERISA-funded basis we're close to 100%. In fact, you really have to look at every plan itself, but when we do that, our ERISA funding for purposes of cash contributions, the lowest funded plan is probably in the 95% range and some of them are well over 100%. But on an aggregate basis, just about 100% funded. So, and again, that ERISA funding is a function of how well-funded you are under that ERISA determination with a big factor being interest rates and they use a different set of interest rates that we need to use for FAS purposes or for CAS purposes. So I know that's a long-winded answer, but different set of rules, but it is affected by how well-funded your plans are to begin with. So we have a huge step up in that regard, and then interest rates pay -- play a factor as well.
James F. Palmer: Yes, well, we are -- it's true, Joe, that we're spending some money on restructuring. We try to manage our overall overhead rates to accommodate that. But it's also very important to get out in front of those activities so that you don't have a negative impact on your programs. And so there's a delicate balance there. It is costing us some in terms of the efforts that we need to undertake to restructure. And in -- on terms of just margin rates overall, we do have some programs transitioning from one to another. I'll point to F-18 multiyear 2 to multiyear 3. So, a mature program, mature finishing production, to although a mature product on the front end of the new development or new production of the multiyear 3 contract. So we have instances like that across the board. And as I pointed out in my prepared comments, the Electronic Systems guys had just a fabulous year in 2011. Margin rates well above what I view as the target for that industry. I do expect that they're going to maintain some of that momentum, but I don't think they can maintain all of that momentum that we saw in 2011. So that's why you see their margin rates essentially declining from, let's call it around 14.5% in 2011 to the mid-13s that we guided to for our mid to high 13s that we guided to for 2012.
James F. Palmer: I don't know, Joe, that there's a significant shift in the overall mix. Our fixed-price content of the aggregate portfolio on a year-over-year basis. So I think it is much more, as we're seeing, some decline in the revenue base. Programs that are nearing completion, that are mature, having reduced volume on a go-forward basis. And so that's reflected in some reduction in margin rates. Essentially you have to absorb more cost with a lower volume on the remaining programs.
James F. Palmer: Yes, all of -- you're asking for this huge crystal ball that has perfect clarity. So let me give you a perfect clarity answer. Obviously, it's going to depend on investment earnings in '12 and '13. It's going to depend on interest rates in '12 and '13. But if I were able to hold all of everything constant and achieve my long-term investment rate of return, I would be looking at contributions, required contributions in the 2013 timeframe of around $300 million.
James F. Palmer: I don't think so, Rob. So let me try to review again what went on in backlog. First, as Wes said in his comments, $25.3 billion of awards this year, roughly equal to sales. Let's start there. So we did have some backlog adjustments. We had this reserve that I talked about that aggregated about $3 billion across the portfolio, but largely in IS. In addition to that, we did have a restructuring of the NPOESS contract and another a couple of other space contracts where we took $1.5 billion of backlog out of backlog at the beginning of the year to reflect the cancellation of the NPOESS contract and then some change in some space programs. If you want, you can go back and look, and as I recall in the second quarter when we disclosed that. And then in the first quarter last year, with the decision to reduce our participation in the Nevada Test Site joint venture, we took the backlog that was -- because we're no longer consolidating sales, we no longer consolidate the backlog, and we took $1.7 billion out of the backlog to reflect that. Those are the 3 principal unusual activities, if you want to call it that, that occurred in backlog during the year.
James F. Palmer: The best way that I would do it is to take each of the amounts for the 4 sectors and divide by revenues, and that is kind of a rough approximation. Obviously, the IS, the shorter cycle business, has a lower backlog to sales ratio than any of the other segments of the business.
James F. Palmer: I think the foreign market is an opportunity for us on a go-forward basis. I think the Secretary's comments are encouraging. Obviously, we have to work through export control issues. But there is a demand or interest in a number of our products across the portfolio. And just logically, as U.S. defense budgets are constrained, it would seem that we would want to rely on our allies to do what we may have done in the past. So I think that is ultimately an opportunity for us in a go-forward basis.
James F. Palmer: Generally spread throughout the year, consistent with largely our historical practice. So I wouldn't say it's exactly ratable through the year but spread throughout the year.
James F. Palmer: We essentially put a cap on what is called final average earnings, for the people who participated or partly participates in the defined benefit plan so that after a point in time, final average earnings will not continue to grow, which essentially reduces the liability on a long-term basis, reduces cost starting in 2012 and going forward. Rather, it was important that we do that. We got a significant cost benefit out of it and essentially got our plans into what we thought was current market conditions.
James F. Palmer: The liability is dramatically affected as we saw by the change in discount rates. So if you tell me what discount rates are going to be, then I guess I can tell you whether it's peaked or not.
James F. Palmer: So, let me grab a couple of things here, David. We had 10.1, 10.4 for revenues this year. The Missile business takes us down, the transition of that business takes us down to about 10, as I've said in my comments. And then as we look at some of the other parts of the business that are moving around, we saw some growth in Fire Scout and E-2D. The DWSS contract termination reduces revenues by about $200 million. And the lower volume on F-18 is probably about another $150 million or so. So all of those and then consideration, as Wes said, to what may happen or when something may happen on Global Hawk Block 30 allowed us to get to our thoughts around $9.7 billion to $10 billion of sales guidance for 2012. But those are the big pieces that moved from year to year.
James F. Palmer: Well, actually, I said 9%. I guess someone else had said 8%. And as I said in my prepared comments, you start at the beginning share counts. We're going to issue some shares here through stock incentive plans at the end of February. We anticipate, as been the historical practice, that we'll have stock options that are exercised during the year, and then we're going to spend some money during the year as well to buy back shares. You got to remember that the share count is based on a weighted average share count. So you spend a dollar in January, it counts as, let's say if you bought it -- spend $1 that was 1 share. That counts as 1 share. If you spend that dollar in December, it counts as $1.12 for this weighted average share count. So the timing of when you spend the money when you buy shares back is really important to its overall impact on the weighted average shares outstanding for the year. And as I said to an earlier comment, my assumption is that we spend the dollars not exactly ratable but generally spread throughout the year. So those are the moving parts that get us to an -- about an overall 9% decline in weighted average shares.
James F. Palmer: We had, hard to quantify, but as we go and look at -- try to find all the pieces, we think it's about 3% of sales.
Wesley G. Bush: Let me give you a little bit of flavor, Doug, too, by some of the business areas. If you just look at our progress over last year, in terms of awards in the business, we're doing quite well. And the 3 components that you mentioned, Civil, Defense and Intel, civil's about 20% of the top line, defense is about 50% and Intel is about 30%, just very rough numbers for the makeup of the business. And as you might imagine, we are seeing some pressure on the Defense side in particular, and Jim mentioned that in his commentary with some of the changes relative to the needs in theater, the defense area is where the majority of that work has been performed for in-theater support. But when we strip that piece of it away, your earlier comment about our position on Cyber, which plays through actually all 3 of those areas, puts us in a place where we think that this business is quite well-positioned for the future. So we're not overly wringing our hands around either the component makeup of the business or how we're doing in the business calendar. But Jim's point was a very important one, about if you just look at that total backlog number, it reflects a very specific set of decisions we made this year in terms of our convention for reporting the backlog.
Wesley G. Bush: I know this was largely a thought process. There's a lot of different conventions for reporting backlog that we see in our industry. There are those who report their future expectations towards the awarded on task orders for ID/IQs for which they've qualified. We don't do that. There is -- there are sort of a standard convention for one's you've captured an award, it goes into backlog and stays there unless terminated or other action is taken. We've gone through, I think a really rigorous process of going through a scrub, that Jim mentioned that we think is appropriate given the environment, but most of that cleanup was not necessarily a reflection of just this past year's decision.
Wesley G. Bush: That's right. It's more of a look long-term look back on the clean up that we felt was appropriate in light of all of the pressures that we see our customers facing. So it would be inappropriate to read that as an indicator of the success of the business in either capturing awards or at least over the last couple of years, and fulfilling those awards.
Wesley G. Bush: It's hard to call that over the longer term. We're guiding for this year. I think we're going to learn a lot by looking at the details of the President's budget that's due out here over the next couple of weeks, the details of the '13 budget, to see how that all parses out into the pieces. But I wouldn't want to be in a spot of trying to call it in terms of where that begins to turn around. Obviously, a big factor in that will be the transition of the overseas deployments. And how that actually plays out, I would say there's still some uncertainty surrounding that.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, clearly there's a couple of components to it, and I think it's a very fair question, Howard. The pressures on the top line are the reality. That's the budget environment that we're in. It is imperative on us to make sure that our portfolio is very well-aligned as best we possibly can. And part of the reason for that extra chart that we included in the presentation today, the little pie chart, was to help you, help everyone, make their own assessment of how well they think that is aligned. We think it's a good alignment, but we wanted to provide a little bit more detail in the way we see our portfolio. And everyone can certainly make their own assessment of that. So focusing on the alignment to really manage our way through the budget pressures is very important. But the other really big lever, I would point out, too, there are very big levers in this process, are how well we're actually executing on the business. And we look at that, I think most perceptively in terms of margin rate and cash conversion. The margin rates are going very well. We've made a lot of progress in our company these last several years, and delivering more effectively on the opportunity that's inherent in the contracts. That goes to risk management, that goes just good old downright program execution and it also goes to cost management. And those are all areas that we've taken on very aggressively, and we are seeing the benefits translate into EPS. And then I mentioned, of course, free cash flow, converting earnings into cash. If you can't do that, then it's sort of empty to start with. And then, on the backside of that, what you actually do with a cash. So when we think about value creation, and because I think that was inherently the essence of your question, from my perspective, it means getting the best alignment with where things are going so that we can manage our way through the budget pressures, it means executing very, very effectively so that we're generating good earnings, and we're converting those earnings into good cash, and that means being very smart about what we're doing with that cash. That's the way we're thinking about the value equation in our company.
Wesley G. Bush: All right, Rob, you were asking about some pull forwards out of potentially this quarter into the last quarter of last year. Is that --
Wesley G. Bush: Well, let me just say in terms of this transition, that's something that we're -- we are beginning the discussions with our customer community around. There's an important set of transitions from the production work we're doing on Block 30, certainly with Block 40, but also in the BAMS. And it would not be appropriate for me to get out in front of those discussions that we're having with our customer in that regard. I would say, naturally, that we were, as I said in my comments earlier, we were disappointed with the plan on Block 30, but we were also at the same time, very, very pleased with the very strong statement of support that we got from the Department on BAMS, and of course Block 40 and a number of our other unmanned missions, including Fire Scout. So I don't want to get out ahead of exactly how this will play out. We want to obviously work with the Department to make this work the right way. With respect to the numbers, I would just simply say that we spent some time thinking about the range of outcomes and that's included in the range of the guidance that we provided.
Wesley G. Bush: Now, Jason, in terms of -- broadly on thinking about acquisitions, for us it always comes down to the value creation equation. I said a number of times and I continue to say it, we really like our portfolio. and I don't feel like we have large gaping holes that we got to rush out and deal with. So it allows us to be very thoughtful, very disciplined in how we think about acquisitions. At the same time, we do engage in looking at a wide angle of alternatives we think we have an obligation, certainly to our shareholders, for the long-term to be active in our thought process and active portfolio managers. Yes, but ultimately, it comes down to value creation. And I will tell you that of late as we've looked at what's going on in the M&A space, there are some transactions out there that would be hard for us to solve the equation on value creation if we were looking at it ourselves. So we have biased our cash deployment towards the areas that we talked about, the share repurchase and dividend. And I think that's been serving us quite well. But we're going to continue to look, and the market obviously will have some ebbs and flows and we will be effective assessors of what those opportunities will be.
Wesley G. Bush: Now let me just wrap up with a few thoughts. I think it's helpful, given the dynamics of the environment we're in, to stress some fundamentals. When I think about our company, and I mentioned this during my remarks and in response to a couple of questions. I think there are 3 things that are really critical. First, in a time of increasing pressure in our top line, it's even more important that our businesses are delivering on profitability in cash conversion across all of our operations, and I think we've demonstrated some nice improvements over the last few years. It shows that this focus is paying off for us. And secondly, the large amount of capital that's returning, that we are returning to our shareholders demonstrates our focus on delivering shareholder value. And that is the way that we are thinking about the overall value equation in our company. And thirdly, as we've talked about, a fair amount of portfolio shaping is going to continue to be key in this emerging environment, making sure that we're well aligned for the future. When I think about it a little bit more broadly and look at the world around us right now, it's clear that our nation's military strategy is going to continue to depend both on the extraordinary capability of our servicemen and women, as well as our ability to ensure absolute technological superiority. And the strategy recognizes that we will have to address a range of threats to our nation's security. We think we're well-positioned to deliver that technological superiority to support our nation and our allies. We expect a lot of turmoil in the budget environment in front of us, especially over the course of this year. But I think it's going to be really important as we go through that to keep these fundamentals in focus.  Thanks again for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interest in our company.
Robert Stallard: Jim, I was wondering, first of all, if you could give us a number for what your OCO, or operations exposure, was in 2011, and where you see that trending in '12.
Robert Stallard: And where is that heading in '12? Because you mentioned that there's a headwind in a couple of areas.
Robert Stallard: Okay, and then secondly, there's a lot of goodwill on the balance sheet. I was wondering if you've done a year end sort of impairment review on that valuation and how close some of the goodwill items were to a write-down.
