Kathy Warden: So Kristine, we've been working with the customer. And as we noted, the conversations continue. And last year, in 2023, we and Air Force disclosed that about $60 million of $1.5 billion that Congress appropriated for inflation was allocated to the advanced procurement for Lot 1 on this program. But we have yet to work through what that relief may be in future lots. We have, of course, as we said, updated our assumptions -- and through conversation and the tight budget environment, we've actually lowered the expectations for inflation relief. And so at this point, our focus is on executing this program and finding opportunities in the performance on the program while we continue to work with the government to see if there is any inflation relief opportunity.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thanks, Rich. So as the land-based leg of the nuclear triad, Sentinel is a top priority for the Department of Defense. The requirement for the program has been validated numerous times by multiple administrations, and we expect that to be the outcome of this latest review. As the Air Force is reported, the non-operating cost reach on the program is largely due to cost growth in the military construction and procurement segments of the program, and we and the industry team are currently executing on the cost plus EMD phase of the program. That's important because our design work in this phase is helping the Air Force to better estimate the costs of those later phases and due to a number of factors of learning their cost estimates for these later phases have increased, and that's what's driving the non-[indiscernible] breach as the Air Force has said, growth on the EMD would not have triggered the breach. I'll also note that their update captures the inflation since 2020, the last time they did a cost estimate. And we all know that there's been significantly higher inflation than what was assumed at that time. So some of that is what you're also seeing reflected in these latest cost estimates. I mean with that said, though, you asked about our performance on the program, and I'm really pleased to report on the progress that our team has made over the last 3 years while we've been executing on the EMD phase. We've on boarded thousands of engineers. We've matured the system design. We've produced and tested critical hardware in the missile system, as I've outlined earlier on the call. We've also engaged in risk reduction, which is helping to inform the Air Force launch facility modernization and we've done all this while also doing detailed planning for the future phase of the program. I myself have visited the missile fields actually, I was at one last Friday, which is part of why I've got this cold, I brought back. And I met with the Airmen [ph], who have committed themselves to this important mission. So we're all in. We know how important this is our team is partnering closely with the Air Force, and we're going to help them to deliver this essential capability for our nation.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So as you note, there is a delay to IOC, the reason though for the Nunn-McCurdy breach is the cost growth. So oftentimes scheduled delays add costs to the program, that is not the primary contributor. It is, as you noted, design decisions, particularly related to the command and launch requirements that the Air Force has and that affects the deployment in the launch facilities in each of the silos. And so that is what we are working to inform the Air Force decision process on alternatives and ways to reduce those costs and procurement and yet those are Air Force cost estimates, and they include a significant amount of scope that is outside of the industry team's execution. But nonetheless, we will help to inform those discussions if they're ongoing during this review process.
Kathy Warden: It does not, Doug, our near-term assumptions on both the ramp of the program relative to sales as well as the profitability of the program are not materially impacted.
Kathy Warden: Very insightful question as always, Cai. So when you look back to 2015, when we did B-21, we certainly have changed our view on bidding of contracts where did not have a mature design. It's a point of bid and yet we committed to fixed price options into the future. And we have, to my knowledge, not done that again. And we have passed on some high-profile programs as a result of the risk balance that the customer put forward in the RFP not meeting our standards. We have programs like Halo, which we have certainly learned some additional lessons and are applying those as we move forward. And you note on some very recent bids, we have taken a different approach in looking at firm fixed price, where we've either declined a bit if the customer chose to go fixed price or we've offered a price -- in the case of SDA Tranche 2 that we thought was fair and reasonable and the customer decided not to further negotiate with us. These are things that are going to happen and we're going to remain disciplined. We have plenty of opportunity in this company to grow. We have a strong pipeline of opportunities we're pursuing. And a strong pipeline of opportunities that we believe have the right risk/reward balance with industry.
Kathy Warden: With all of our EACs, B-21 included, we do our best based on what we know today to project conditions out into the future. Now with that said, that's difficult to do longer-term that period of performance is. So in this case, we're looking out over greater than 5 years. So as we get into those out years, that's a bit more speculative, but we do incorporate our expectations for changes in everything from material labor pricing to productivity and learning.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Ken. We laid out 3 drivers, the first of which being stabilization in macroeconomics, and we are certainly seeing that in 2024, which is why we see our margin rates this year in line with last with some opportunity for improvement as we go throughout the year. We layer on top of that cost and productivity actions that we are taking in the company, and that will provide some tailwinds in 2024 growing tailwinds into 2025. And the mix shift really is a bit of a longer-term proposition for us. We've talked about that being a shift from cost type to fixed price, where we expect 2023 was really our high watermark for cost type, but a very gradual shift in that mix to fixed price with more of it coming in the latter half of this decade. And then international mix is the other where we don't expect significant international growth in 2024, but we do expect that to step up based on our pipeline and particularly the strong weapons demand outside the U.S. in 2025. That gives you a sense of what will be a tailwind to margin rate win.
Kathy Warden: And Myles, on AS margins, what we're seeing, as Dave noted earlier is that with the B-21 growth being a bit stronger than we had anticipated, AS is stepping up on top line. It is putting some pressure on margin rate, but margin dollars are exactly where we had anticipated they would be coming into 2024, and our guide therefore, remained consistent for AS on a dollar basis, even though we now are looking at more of a mid-9s rate projection. As you go out over time, it's less dependent on what happens with absorbing that lower rate on B-21 and more what happens in terms of other new programs coming into the AS portfolio and the rate at which we will book those programs. So we'll provide you more insight into that over the coming year as we look towards 2025 and beyond.
Kathy Warden: It certainly is an area of strength in our portfolio. We've seen strong performance by the team on the U.S. Army program and also as we are deploying in Poland, and we see follow-on opportunities in Poland as a result. We've also, as I’ve spoken about throughout the course of 2023, added a number of additional countries who have expressed interest in the program to the pipeline, and that's what would drive the growth that we anticipate in the 2025 time frame. As you noted, I mentioned international demand. Part of that is weapons part of that is the IBCS portfolio. And then, of course, we have some aircraft and mission system strength in the pipeline for international in 2025 as well. The program itself is growing at a fairly rapid rate, but off of a relatively small it's about $400 million of annual sales. And we expect that to grow, of course, but not a major contributor is the enterprise line for growth.
Kathy Warden: Let me start with the first part of your question and Dave will cover the second. As we noted, we identified this risk last year, and we, throughout the year, revisited it on a quarterly basis. There were 2 primary changes in the fourth quarter that both led us to deem it probable loss as well as impacted the value of that loss. First, we significantly reduced our projections for funding related to macroeconomic impacts, as we've talked about a couple of times already. Although we continue to partner with the government to address these impacts. We believe it's prudent in light of the current budget status to reduce those assumptions. And so we did that. The second is we've experienced growth in our cost projection, both in the internal production costs as we've continued to build aircraft as Dave talked about through our negotiations with suppliers. We have learned and built that learning into the forward-looking estimates that we now have in the EAC, so those were the factors. As we've talked about, we did a very detailed look at this EAC in the fourth quarter and had matured and had actual data to reflect on that we did not have at an earlier point.
Kathy Warden: And Jason, I really appreciate the question. I wish I had another hour to discuss it with you, but being respectful of everybody's time, let me just simply say that I see our portfolio and the set of opportunities and risks we have as balanced and consistent with what I have seen in recent years since I stepped into this role. We have a team who has stepped up and provided top line growth, which I believe is industry leading at about 5% on a compound annual basis each of the last four years. We're projecting that again this year. We see the opportunity space is rich, both domestically and internationally. And to the risks that we have in executing this portfolio, while the pandemic certainly made that more challenging for the last couple of years. We're turning the corner. Our overall program performance has not been stronger since I've been at the company, and that's 15 years and going. So I really feel good about how this team is positioned. We now have fully disclosed and taken into the P&L the B-21 risk, which we've been talking about and feel confident that we can now go execute this program. And I am proud of what the team collectively has accomplished across 2023 and look forward to the outlook we have in place for 2024. So with that, I just want to again thank my colleagues at Northrop Grumman for their dedication, both to our country and our company. I also want to thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in April. So Josh, that concludes the call. Thank you.
David Keffer: Sure. I can go ahead and get started with that. And see if we can address a number of questions you raised. First of all, in terms of the future, we'll continue to update our projections every quarter as we do with all of our large programs. But it's important to note, we have a lot more information today than we did at this time last year, having completed the production in the ground test phase of the first aircraft. We also have the majority of the suppliers now under contract with the remaining in advanced stages of negotiations. We have our latest estimates for productivity and reasonable learning curves that we believe are appropriate based on our historical experience. Of course, we now have one lot under contract, and we'll finalize quantities of the next four lots over time as well. In the economy and inflationary factors have stabilized a bit over the past year, and we'll continue to track those, of course, over time as well. But perhaps most importantly, we're still performing well on this program, which is continuing to provide a critical capability for our customers. In terms of the long-term NPV, we think that's the most important thing is that our customers will get great value from the aircraft. We'll deliver them over time, and that should, over time, also lead to value for the company and our shareholders.
David Keffer: Sure. Thanks for the question, Sheila. I'm happy to dig into that. The strength of the free cash flow outlook we really think of as one of the highlights our report today. And so happy to dig into that in more detail. And I think you heard correctly that 60% of the charge is associated with the period through 2026 from a cash flow perspective. I think importantly, the strength of the broad base of other programs across the business is serving to offset those pressures. And that's what we're seeing in our ability to maintain and build confidence in our multiyear outlook including adding a strong 2026 year to that outlook that continues the double-digit growth trajectory that we expect for the next several years. We had a great finish to 2023 for free cash flow, really strong working capital performance, and that is enabling us to build confidence in our ability to continue to perform at similar levels going forward. As a company, we've put a lot of focus on working capital efficiency, on capital efficiency, on driving cash returns on recent investments and that is clearly showing up in the results and the performance of all of our sectors. We're proud of their performance on cash in Q4 and in the outlooks for 2024 and beyond. And the net effect of all of these factors is that unchanged free cash flow outlook for 2024 and 2025, along with a strong 2026. I'd highlight in terms of what drives that going forward? What's the underlying force as you point out? Certainly, the operations of the business growth in the top line is, first and foremost, with an opportunity for growth at the margin rate line as well that leads to really strong margin dollar volume, which will convert into cash through the strong working capital performance that we expect to continue which is essentially a stable assumption in our outlook. We're not looking for significant additional efficiencies given just how strong we were at the end of 2023. And then as we noted earlier, there are other structural factors that should help as well with CAS pension reimbursement growing slightly over the next few years and cash tax is projected to decline over that same period. So essentially, all of those factors will lead to strong -- strong free cash flow growth outlook for the next several years and beyond.
David Keffer: Sure. I can start on that, Seth. I think you've read properly into the $143 million EAC adjustment with Lot 1 having been awarded and the other is not yet awarded, that one does take the form of an EAC adjustment. So that $143 million is the lot 1 amount we are currently projecting. And the future progression while we can't get into much detail because that would involve a lot sizes and quantities and other classified details. Clearly, the implication is that there's modest growth from lot 1 to future lots on average. Over time, I think you're thinking of this the right way that our current projections would indicate an average of a couple of hundred million dollars a year of after-tax impact on our -- on the cash line from B-21, and that's, as I referred to a few minutes ago, the headwind we've been able to mitigate through strength in the rest of the business. In terms of your point about opportunity to outperform that over the long-term. Clearly, it is a core focus of our team to continue to drive efficiencies in the learning curves, successful outcomes of our negotiations with suppliers. We continue to engage and partner with our customer to understand macroeconomic impacts on the program and address opportunities for funding of relief, as Kathy mentioned earlier. And so we'll continue to address all of those opportunities. This is something we'll update you in the rest of the Street on over time.
David Keffer: No, I'd refer you to our tax disclosures for more than enough detail on all of those fronts. It's tough to put a range around those things. We're looking forward to getting through processes, as you know, from those disclosures, we have a lot of open years that have yet to be resolved and looking forward to working with the IRS to come to reasonable resolutions there, and we'll update you on any book or tax differences from current reserves as we get there.
David Keffer: Sure. As we noted a few moments ago, we're now at a majority of the supplier costs that have been fully negotiated across the LRIP phase. And we're in various stages of negotiation with suppliers for the remainder. So that's one area where we have learn more and progressed in our process compared to where we were a year ago or even a quarter ago.
David Keffer: Sure. Thanks for the question. We had offsetting effects in 2024 and 2023, rather, including Q4 in the commercial elements of the space business. As you know, those are much smaller than and kind of tangential to the core national security space business that we have. In the case of those commercial inventory write-downs, those were related to newer investments in product lines to address burgeoning market opportunity in both the government and commercial elements of the space market. We did see some modest write-downs in various quarters in 2023 associated with those. Those are the types of things you occasionally go through as you make such new investments. So again, not core to the current or future growth story of the space business.
David Keffer: Thanks for the question, Myles. Let me kick off with the 2023 free cash flow number. I appreciate the question on that because I think that too is core to the outlook going forward. Yes, we are reaffirming that $4 billion target for 2028. And essentially doubling the level that we were projecting at the midpoint of our 2023 guidance, which was $2 billion. Of course, we exceeded that by $100 million in our final result for 2023. The drivers of that growth are much of what we've talked about already. Certainly, growth in the top line. As Kathy just noted, some of the drivers of margin rate expansion opportunity which leads to margin dollars having an opportunity to exceed the growth rate of our top line through 2028. And importantly, CapEx will moderate during that same period. So we've noted that 2023 and 2024 of these peak years of capital intensity that continues to be our outlook with declines in 2025 and beyond. And then pension and tax will serve as tailwinds during that same period. So that leads you to the $4 billion number. And I think if you look at the 2024 and 2025 numbers we've reiterated for our free cash outlook today and add in that 2026 range, you'll get to that same glide slope that would push you upward toward the $4 billion number by 2028. So those are the building blocks and the way we plan to get there.
David Keffer: Let me follow up on the second part of your question because I do think it's an important nuance. The AS business was operating in the mid-10 billions in scale over the past year, it exceeded our original expectations in sales in 2023 and now is projected to exceed them even more significantly compared to where they were a year ago in 2024. We were talking about a flat 2023 and very modest growth in 2024 based off of that mid-tens level. And now we're all the way up into the low 11s. And so that low 11s at a mid-9% margin rate is the same as the mid-to-high 10s at a slightly higher margin rate. We're really focused on driving the dollar volume of operating margin in our Aeronautics business and across our business, it's that return on invested capital, the growth in margin dollars and in free cash flow that results from it, that is really our core focus.
David Keffer: Sure. Great questions, Jason. Let me go ahead and start with your original question on the national security space portfolio. As we mentioned, our guidance captures growth and declines in various programs across all of our portfolios, very much including space. In the case of space, as we've noted, there are some shifts in budget priorities. A lot of our customers are having to address budget prioritization, particularly as it relates to 2025 and beyond. With that said, in this particular case, given that it's in the restricted domain, there's not much more we can say about the mission or the program or anything like that. What's important there is that our space sector, and therefore, company guidance accounts for our latest understanding of all the programs in that portfolio and the likely path forward for them. And I think when you look at the space guidance, you see a lot of value creation as they continue to grow the top line. And in this case, now grow margin rates alongside that with lower capital intensity starting in 2025, in particular, you see a lot of improvement in returns on invested capital in the space business, given how much growth they've built in their foundation over the last few years.
