Wesley Bush: Well, I think that if anything, it reinforces that value proposition. As I've said a number of times of late, we are very focused on driving sustainable performance improvement in all of our businesses. We continue to see some upside in the margin generation potential of those businesses. We continue to see strong cash generation, and I believe our approach to deploying that cash over time has demonstrated a focus on our shareholders and will continue to enable us to generate value from those deployment decisions. So I don't see any fundamental change as a result of that decision with respect to the way we're driving the business and the objectives we're trying to achieve.
Wesley Bush: We're going to look at that on each of the individual areas where we are a subcontractor. It spans across three of our sectors. We provide support, subcontract support to Lockheed from Aerospace, Electronics and Information Systems. We will, in each of those sectors, look out where we are in the production cycle in terms of our cost confidence, where we are in terms of the learning curves, if you will. And work that through with Lockheed to see what makes the most sense. One of the things that I think is important to continue to emphasize is, generally, when we're well into production, our company has done quite well on fixed price work, where we're generally positive about a view of fixed price work in production. The question is at what point do you move into that as we go through these early stages on LRIP. And it's always a little bit different from subcontract to subcontract. So we're going to manage that on a case-by-case basis.
Wesley Bush: I think what we were trying to do when we got through the TASC, the use of the net tax proceeds from TASC, was to make it clear that we've been on a rate of share of repurchase through that time frame to meet our commitment to use those shares, use those proceeds in that way for repurchase. We continue to look at share repurchase as a very good use of cash in the company. And as you note, Sam, we've continued to buy back. We do modulate the rate of repurchase based on the share price that we see in the marketplace, and we make decisions on what that rate looks like each time we enter into a share repurchase program. And so with the overall marketplace being down a bit over the last few months, that has increased the rate at which we have repurchased. But I would say as we go forward, we continue to see share repurchase as a very good use of our cash. You probably noticed that we announced a new authorization, a $2 billion authorization that our board recently approved. And that should be taken as a signal that we'll continue to see share repurchases at good approach.
Wesley Bush: Sam, to Jim's earlier point, when we do think about managing the liabilities, obviously, pension is a part of our thinking. And I think we've been pretty clear that we look at that carefully to make sure that we're doing the right thing for the long term with our pension plans as well. So I would just add that to the thought process.
Wesley Bush: Doug, the other thing I would say about the backlog and IS is that actually we're seeing it increasingly in some of the other businesses, more and more contracts are moving over to the ID/IQ construct. And as you know, the way we approach that, we don't book the full potential value of an ID/IQ contract. We just look at it as the orders come in, and IS is a business that has a fair fraction of its overall business that derives from ID/IQ.
Wesley Bush: Howard, as we talked a little bit about over the last number of quarters, we're really focusing on that on a business-by-business basis. We do a lot of thoughtful benchmarking in the marketplace. We look at where we believe we can drive additional efficiencies and how we can better approach our contracting. And I would go back to what we've been talking about as the way we see each of the businesses: Aerospace around 11% as we continue to drive forward; ES in the 13% range; IS in the 9% range; Shipbuilding in the 9%, 10% range; and Technical Services pushing that up to around 7%. So every single one of our businesses is driving hard to achieve those levels in the near-term, and over time, obviously, we'd like to see ourselves at the top end of the market space and even move beyond that. But in the near term, those are the things that we're really driving on.
Wesley Bush: I think an important part of it is a reflection of the state of the business. The last few years, we've been quite successful in capturing a number of major development activities, and generally, when you're in the development phase, your margin rate opportunity is a little bit lower. As we move into the production, Aerospace has a large number of examples of that, whether it's joint strike fighter, whether it's the E-2 program, the continuing production work on Global Hawk and the variety of unmanned systems. As we move into production, those are better opportunities. Clearly, we have to perform. We have to deliver on those improved opportunities, but those represent really good examples of the types of things that we see as driving ourselves in the right direction. The other thing that we've been doing obviously is working on the portfolio in Information Systems. We have been working hard to de-tune the parts of the portfolio that really don't represent great margin opportunities, state and local. IT outsourcing is a good example that. We're continuing to look at that throughout the portfolio. And obviously, we make some bigger announcements, but there are a lot of smaller things that we're doing that I would say we're not quite as public about that are better tuning the businesses to the way that they're pursuing new captures, with a stronger focus around profitability. We are walking away from things that might give us a nice run on the top line but really don't achieve what we're trying to do from a profitability perspective. And that's just a part of the mindset that we're taking as we're looking at improving the overall performance of the company.
Wesley Bush: We have talked about the areas of focus for the company, being C4ISR, cybersecurity, our manned and unmanned programs, as well as logistics. And that really is a product of going through our view of the marketplace where we see the opportunities in terms of where our customers are focused, but also to your point earlier about how we have been thinking about shipbuilding. Where we see opportunities to create value by bringing the different pieces of the company together to create offerings to our customer and to create levels of performance that we wouldn't be able to achieve with just individual business units, so when we thought about where the market's going, where those opportunities are to really bring the pieces of the company together, that's led us to a view of where to focus that I think we've been pretty public about. It led us to a view that shipbuilding really did not represent a high degree of synergy with the other parts of the company in addressing those bases, and that most likely, we could generate a higher degree of value by separating the pieces so that they can each focus on the areas where they see their best future opportunities. So across the company, that really is the message. That's where the focus is, but I would say, whether you want to call it tactical or not, the key message that goes with it is we're looking for good business.
Wesley Bush: I don't think we have that percentage broken out for a discussion yet. As we get into the next steps and looking at what the actual separation mechanism we'll use, I think we'll get a little more clear about that. But the one thing I would say is that the Navy will continue to be a very important customer for Northrop Grumman post the separation of Shipbuilding. We do a lot of really important work for the Navy across all of the other four sectors, whether it's the unmanned work we do in Aerospace, the sensor work that we do in Electronics, the command and control and cyber work that we're doing in Information Systems, and of course, a lot of the work that we're doing in Technical Services. So the Navy will continue to be a very, very important customer to Northrop Grumman.
Wesley Bush: Navy, Air Force, and Army is an important part of our business and increasingly so as we look at opportunities to bring a lot of the capabilities that we have in Electronics and in Information Systems. The Army and then earlier in my comments, I mentioned LEMDE, the work that we're doing for the Army as well. So we see all the services as very, very important, and of course, the intelligence community continues to be an important part of our customer base as well going forward.
Wesley Bush: Yes, Myles, this is Wes. On EMARS, you know what, I've been careful not to get into the business of projecting award dates as there are so many different factors. We do know that the Army is focused on EMARS. It's a very important program, and we do see that most likely working its way to an award some time in the fall. So that's the schedule that I've been giving, one is working hard to support. Now we have a broad variety of opportunities across the company that we're addressing. If you look at the world of unmanned is a good example, continues to evolve. We see both increasing demands domestically and internationally. The unmanned programs are gaining broader attention and I think do represent some meaningful opportunities as we go forward. When I look at Electronics and the work that's being done to address a variety of new applications for the sensors that we have in Electronics, I think there are some very, very good opportunities, again, both domestically and internationally that we're seeing there on the radar side, as we continue to expand our focus on radars beyond, I would say, our more traditional airborne radar position to the work that we do on the ground and eventually over time for the Navy. The IRCM programs continue to get good support, and I think there's going to be good opportunities for that as well. Cyber is another area where we talked about the continued push to make sure that not only are the new cyber-specific programs put in place and getting underway, but also the application of cyber to other new program starts where cyber becomes an embedded part or an enabling part of those acquisitions. So we're seeing good opportunities, a good solid pipeline of business across our businesses. The one caveat I would put to that is what I indicated in my other commentary that a continuing resolution would likely dampen the rate at which awards could be made and certainly would impact the ability of our customers to get new starts put in place, just given the rules that go with operating in SCR environment. So we're being a little bit cautious in terms of sounding too optimistic from that perspective. That being said, we see a robust pipeline across all of our businesses.
Wesley Bush: Sure, Joe. it's Wes, and I appreciate the question because it is important. It's not a big part of our company, if you will. Our headquarters operations, a few hundred people out of the 120,000 employees we have in our company. So I don't want to overemphasize the importance of the move, but it is important. It's important from a lot of perspectives. One, it is important in terms of what we really want to be doing in driving the intimacy with our customers. And sometimes, I think that's misunderstood as, let's see, Wes wants to be in Washington or Jim wants to be Washington, but it really is about having our headquarters team more deeply immersed in total in our customer environment and being able to make better decisions and support our customers in an enhanced way as we go forward. And I would say that was really the primary focus as we thought about relocating. But to your point, it is an important opportunity for us to resize our corporate office. We are doing that. We've not been public about any numbers, and I won't go into that in great detail other than to say we are using this as an opportunity to address our broader affordability initiatives across the company. We've asked that of each of our sectors. This work, the hard work that's been done and the consolidation of our sectors has enabled us to take cost out of our overhead structures and how we're managing those sectors and the operating costs as well, and we should have that same expectation for our headquarters team. And so we're using this move to drive cost out as we do it. And of course, we're managing it like a program. We have a schedule and a whole set of milestones that we're using to get us in place. The target date for doing that is to have the team in place and operating over the course of next summer. Of course, we've targeted the summer as the best time for move for the families that would be moving. We do expect that we will be hiring here in D.C., yet, it's always difficult to get everyone to move, particularly when the headquarters has been in the location where it is for so long, a lot of deeply established roots. But at the same time, it's an opportunity to bring in some folks that I think can help us move forward. And we have some good announcements over the last few months of new members of the team that we're bringing on. And their arrivals will be timely in helping to build the teams that they want to have in place as when they just moved. So I'm pleased with how it's going so far, a lot of work yet to do in front of us.
Wesley Bush: Yes, I appreciate that question, Ron, because I think it is going to take a lot of thoughtful engagement on both sides, both industry and government to address it. Consolidations I think are going to be a part of it in terms of really looking at the industrial base footprint as we go forward. Our action in shipbuilding is a good representative example of that. I think a lot of what's going to have to be done is related to how the government goes under contract as it tries to think about cost structures. And part of what I've been happy to see in this process is a receptivity on the part of those in government that are pushing on this to hear what they need to do to make it work. It's not all one-sided about. This is what industry has to do, and so when we think about how the government is making decisions, how it's buying, how it manages the oversight functions, those are all things that are in the mix that together, I think, can lead to some very good outcomes. I think we have to get to some outcomes with affordability and efficiency. I think it's incumbent on all of us to make this work, to not be blockers of the process and say, "Gee, it's been tried before, it didn't work before, it's not going to work again." I just don't find that to be a constructive way of engaging on this because we are in it together. We owe it to the nation and to our allies to do better, and I think we can. So I would put it in a category of yes, there are a lot of things we've got to do from an industry perspective, some of which you've seen already get put in place, others that I think are going to unfold as it become far more clear, how that the government is going to focus. But there are a number of things that our government customers are also going to need to do, and that will be a big part of whether or not this succeeds.
Wesley Bush: Yes, let me characterize what I see going on with Global Hawk. It has been an extraordinarily successful program from the perspective of providing support to the war fighters that they desperately need. The capabilities of the platform itself, I mean, on the altitude at which it operates, the endurance that it demonstrates, the amount of payload that it can carry has resulted in it being a little bit of a victim of its own success. And that the requirements have continued to grow. Its flight time hours have continued to increase, and as a result, when all of those things happen, costs go up, whether it's cost for spares and theater support or it's cost for supporting all the new requirements. And over time, those costs add up, and you have to stand back periodically and look at it and say, okay, are we at the right place on that? Do we have the right balance between what we really need out of the platforms and what the cost is. That's kind of the process that we're going through with the Air Force right now. We have committed to the Air Force to go on working hard on the affordability part of this. We are doing that. I think it demonstrated some very good progress to date on some of the learning-curve initiatives that we have. There are other things we need to do. So I would characterize that as a set of actions underway, haven't reached resolution yet as to what it all means, so that's what we're doing now with the Air Force. And as we go forward over the next several months, I think that really is the timeline to have a good perspective on, okay, what does it mean for the program, what does it mean for the requirements on the program, what it mean for the production rates as we go forward? So we're sort of in process with the Air Force now.
Wesley Bush: Yes, I think the perspective I would offer on that is two-fold. One, as we have brought the two businesses together two and a half years ago, that's when we started down this path, it has become clear there's a lot of benefit to the opportunity of the business to create value for whoever runs it and in terms of the opportunity to serve the customer. There's a lot of benefit in managing this as an integrated business, and that is the view that we're taking as we are looking at the strategic alternative. So as we said a number of times, our first path on the skyway for our strategic alternatives is on spend. And we are also considering the sale part of it, but we are very focused on the spend outcome for separating the business. And so that's really guiding our thinking to a very large extent. The other part of it that I would point out here is that we have a strong commitment to make sure that the separation of the business results in a very healthy, sustainable business that will be able to service customers in a very robust way and be able to serve its owners in a very robust way. And that commitment really leads us to the view that this business will do best as an integrated enterprise, so that's really the way that we're thinking about it.
Wesley Bush: I would only say that broadly, the customer base is waiting to see how we take the next steps forward. They're going to want to make sure that we're doing the right things for the future of this business, and we're committed to doing the right things for the future of the business. So I would expect to see a variety of commentary floating around as this process ensues, but we have committed to the Navy to working closely with them as we go through this, and I see us on a good track to make sure we get the right outcome, Joe.
Wesley Bush: Joe, let me just touch on Avondale for just a moment. We have made a business decision. We are proceeding with that business decision. And from a looking-forward perspective, we believe that, that business decision is the right thing for the customer and is the right thing for the overall business, for the sustainability of that business for the long term. As I said in the call we had a couple of weeks ago, when we think about Gulf Coast shipbuilding, we think it's important to the nation that we have a strong Gulf Coast shipbuilding capability, and to achieve that outcome, we need to consolidate. So we are marching forward in that direction, and I know that, that's difficult from a lot of different perspectives. It was a difficult decision, but we believe strongly it is the right decision that we're moving forward. We see that as a decision focused around the business, what's the right thing to do for the business. The separation decision is a decision focused around the strategy of the company and how we create best value with the two pieces going forward for our shareholders. And we also are focused on driving that to the right conclusions as we explore these alternatives. So I'd be careful about overly linking these things. We see them as two decisions, both of which are, we believe the absolute right decisions for the future of the business.
Wesley Bush: It depends on where that type of contracting goes. If it migrates primarily to cost plus, then you could have a little bit of a downward pressure on the profitability just because of the differential rates that you sometimes see. Some of that business could migrate fix priced though. And so we kind of have to wait and see what happens to it.
Wesley Bush: Cai, I would say yes, you're right, we have done a lot. In the consolidation of the sectors, we have reduced the management of the company substantially in that process. In terms of where we go as we move forward, we see continuing opportunities to address it, the degree to which those opportunities reside in management layers versus other cost synergies. I don't think I want to go into in great detail publicly, but we do see continuing opportunities to address cost. It's part of what we're working on as we think about the affordability perspective in a broad sense. And to some extent, as I said in response to an earlier question, it depends a little bit on how the customer's going to approach this. Oftentimes, organizational structure has to mirror the customer to some extent, support all of the compliance functions that you engage in as we work to make sure that we are doing all the things that our customers expect. As those expectations could be modulated going forward, that might provide some opportunity as well.
Wesley Bush: Yes, I would just say in summary, we had another solid quarter in terms of performance. We are continuing to proactively manage our business to create value for our shoulders, our customers and our employees. I think you can see that our results this quarter reflect our focus on improving our performance, and just to reiterate what I've said a number of times before, our number one priority across all of our businesses, our entire organization is going to continue to be to achieve sustainable performance improvement. So thanks for your interest in our company. We appreciate you joining us on our call today.
James Palmer: If I might, I would just add that in addition to returning cash to shareholders, our approach towards a balance cash deployment continues, whether it's managing the liabilities or investing in the business through capital or through potential acquisitions. So really no change, Sam, to any of our approach here. Steady as it goes.
James Palmer: Sure. On the sales side, what I tried to say was that given the very likely continuing resolution, there could have an impact on the sales cycle at IS. As you know, the sales cycle there is shorter than in many of our other businesses. And so a continuing resolution that could delay the start of new programs could have an impact on awards, and therefore, sales for this year. In terms of margin, I just tried to point out that the margin rates for this quarter were very strong, reflecting not only good performance, but also the resolution of the subcontractor issue that we took a charge for in the third quarter of 2008. That was $18 million favorable for the quarter, and that reduced margin rates for -- if you take that out, that would reduce margin rates in IS down to about 8.8% consistent with where we were for the six months period and basically, a little bit better than our guidance for the year. So what I really see out of that Information Systems' guys this year is good. Strong performance in managing their business, and then we have the sales cycle issue that we talked about.
James Palmer: Depending on which programs that it comes from, yes, it could. Hard to speculate at this point, and you're correct that a big part of the backlog increase was VITA related.
James Palmer: Myles, this is Jim. We had strong margin rates in many of our manned aircraft programs, so there were some earnings adjustments positive in the quarter. They were at a rate greater than what we had in the past, if you will, so that contributed to margin rate for the quarter.
James Palmer: If you will, the conservatism is probably more on the sales side and the margins that then come with it. So essentially what I said is through the first half of the year, NPOESS has not -- the potential restructuring of the program has not impacted revenues or margins, but we do expect the restructuring to occur in the second half, and there could be some impact to the second half margins and sales associated with NPOESS. I would also point out that in Aerospace, we raised our guidance for the year to 11% from the mid-10% range, reflecting the strong performance to date, as well as the expectation for the balance of the year.
James Palmer: I'd say, George, your math is spot on first of all. Second of all, there's always program adjustments in every quarter, and what I said is the rate or the volume of program adjustments in the second quarter were greater than what we have seen in the past. And so I can't really forecast if that is going to continue going forward, so that's essentially how we get to the 11% rate for the year.
James Palmer: Those guys in the Aerospace sector have been just hitting the ball out of the park this year. And yes, I guess I could agree with you. There's a chance that we're going to do better than our 11% guidance, but if I'd look at it today, frankly, they look at it today, they'll think 11% is where we're going to end the year, but yes, you might be right. There could be upward pressure here.
James Palmer: Let see, Cai. Some of the move costs will be allowable, others will be unallowable. We hadn't gotten into the details publicly. I don't really think it's something that I'd need to do at this point. It's important, but I don't think it's going to be a major driver here and any of our operations on a go-forward basis, nor have we talked about the savings, so I'd just rather leave that alone at this point in time.
James Palmer: I wouldn't say the environment's changing, Cai. You're right that on a cost-type contract, the government shares in the cost. On a fixed-price contract, we keep the cost savings, but when you negotiate the next year's contract, you give it back. So essentially, the name of the game here is all about affordability. That's driving your cost down so you can really be competitive and win the new opportunities when they arise.
