Steve Movius: Thanks, Jasmine and welcome to Northrop Grumman's Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today's call constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of Federal Securities Laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty, which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially. Matters discussed on today's call may also include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled in today's earnings release. We will be posting an updated company overview that provides supplemental information on Northrop Grumman. You can access our updated company overview and our sector overviews on the Investor Relations page at www.northropgrumman.com. On the call today are Wes Bush, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Jim Palmer, our CFO. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Steve Movius: Sure. The in theater for the company which is a combination of efforts over in theater as well as those contracts funded with OCO funds was about $1.1 billion last year we expect it to be about $900 million this year and IS does have the biggest piece of that. Of the $200 million decline the bulk of that is coming out of information systems. We have four programs that program areas that make up like two thirds of that sales volume and IS holds at least a couple of them. So the bake in program which quite frankly will have legs even after the in theater effort is over. The CRAM effort which will probably drop-off more materially as the in theater efforts wind down and then our electronic systems has a product area in IRCM as well as the laser business which again will drop-off somewhat, but has the long-term viability in the marketplace. So the $900 million, is it going to decline in the future yes, but a significant portion of that will continue into future year periods.
Steve Movius: And Cai I would add as I have said before I am delighted to have the downward pressure on our margin rates that results from taking on new development programs what that means we are being successful in competing for the new opportunities. So that’s the way we are focusing as a team we see there is substantial opportunities out there and we intend to compete for them and hopefully are successful in a significant number of them.
Steve Movius: Well, recognize that we are talking about the weighted average shares outstanding for the entire year. As you go through the year, every month is worth less to that average for the year. And compared to last year, we were fairly heavy in our share repurchases in the second half of last year.  So, that is a 9% reduction off of last year's average influenced by the timing of last year's share repurchases. So at this point, our ability to get substantially greater reduction in weighted average shares for this year is relatively small.
Steve Movius: Actual work has started on that multi-year contract and it will typically has a traditional U-shaped approach associated with it. So start off small as we get into the more production and deliver aircraft, again we're recognizing aircraft when recognizing revenue when aircraft are delivered here. So the revenue recognition is going to be more back and loaded. And we're estimating costs for a multi-year contract five years we're likely to start off at a somewhat conservative margin rate and then as we go through time and realize the opportunities and minimize the risk have the opportunity to step up margins.
Wes Bush: I think it's just a healthy thing for any enterprise to do as well because it allows you to be prepared for a variety of outcomes and to test your decisions and your assumptions against a variety of outcomes.
Wes Bush: Well that we’re very excited about the opportunities in the future on unmanned. It’s still a capability really an industry in its infancy in many respects. The great success that unmanned has enjoyed in the past decade I think is testament to the potential, but we’re really just at the very beginnings of that. At global hawk clearly kind of set stage for where things can go from our perspective. The ability to really see a large area and see it perceptively to deploy a variety of different censor capabilities and to the common integral part of the operational doctrine of how things get prosecuted. And I think really helps at the stage and then building on that with the Triton program for the Navy, the Triton program moving along very well which had some really good recent progress completing the initial flight test program and for looking forward getting into [RF] as we get into next year. And then on top of that the success we’ve enjoyed with the UCAS-D program and lending an unmanned aircraft on the deck of an aircraft carrier, all of those things I continue to see as real-stage setters for where this can go. And go not just domestically but internationally as we talked about on some of our calls and at the conferences in the past we’re seeing a growing demand by our allies around the globe for this class of capability and we’re looking forward to supporting that particularly given the support for that outcome that we’re seeing from the United States government with DOD policy focusing substantially on making sure that our allies can have this class of capability and use it in a way that’s highly integrated with U.S. operational doctrine. So there is a good path forward here, the exact timing of when particular opportunities rollout is a little bit hard to predict especially if we’re talking about international as it’s always a little bit of uncertainty and all the steps you’ve got to get through on the international side. But clearly with Global Hawk and Triton we’re seeing great interest in those capabilities in Korea, Japan, Australia and other countries and we’ve got the NATO AGS program underway in NATO today and that’s moving ahead very nicely. You mentioned the U-Class program there is a draft RFP that’s been released for comment, that’s a program where there continues to be quite a bit of discussion in both the navy and at the OSV level about the mission and its requirement so a little early to call how that one is going to go quite yet. But I think it’s just another indicator that this is an area, an arena with a lot of dynamics and a lot of opportunities. We tend to position ourselves more on the higher end of the capability and I think that serves us well in terms of being able to look ahead what our customers are going to need and invest in the near term, to make sure those capabilities are going to be present for them. There is a whole range of unmanned capability out there, everything from what you might think of as remote controlled airplanes, some people call those unmanned systems all the way to the high end of robotically flown aircraft which is really where our focus has been. And quite frankly, I think there will be some good opportunities across that spectrum of unmanned capability as we look into the future. But we will tend to be focused more on the higher end of the capability.
Wes Bush: I think, there are clearly some near term things that are moving ahead in terms of driving some growth. I mentioned Triton going into LRIP, that's an important part of the process for us. I mentioned the international ones. So, I think it's, it won't be every single quarter, that we've got some great news, but if I think if it on an annual basis over the next few years, I'm continuing to be optimistic about the vector for this. And clearly over the longer term if you take a (inaudible) look, I think this will be transformative.
Wes Bush: So book-to-bill at E-2D had been an earlier would have been closer to 1.5 fleet. And I think E-2D is just another reminder that the long cycle businesses that we have such as AS and ES tend to get their awards in lumps. And so we have to think about that over the longer period of time.
Wes Bush: And Jim’s right, international as well comes in lumps. So we don't guide on awards to book-to-bill for the year so I won't give a projection for the second half. I would just say we're pleased with how things are going.
Wes Bush: Always hard to tell. Again you made a point and the difference between budget authority and outlay. Ultimately what this comes down to is the customers’ confidence and taking a longer term view that if they start meaningful program activities they're going to be able to get then done. The last thing they want to do is get started and have a calamity on the budget side that creates great efficiency. So there are tough decisions that our customers are going to need to make over the next couple of years as best they can given the haziness of the crystal ball right now. And we'll see where that goes. I continue to see our portfolio as very well aligned with strategic directions that our customers are moving and will need to move given what's going on around the globe whether it’s unmanned, the work we do on a variety of manned aircraft systems, the work that we do in C4ISR and Cyber as well as the work we’re doing in logistics and modernization; I am really pleased with how the portfolio is aligned for the longer-term, but this business is trying to call a trough I think is time (inaudible) right now.
Wes Bush: Yes, thanks Howard. Any time you make a decision to invest in a new facility you can have to test it against a variety of potential outcomes. And Jim talked a little bit earlier about the scenario work that we do and that’s an important part of it. The facilities that I mentioned in my remarks that ones in Florida in particular are locations where we not only have a great legacy of doing really good work, they are also increasingly centers where we’re able to pull our teams together and really focus the benefit of having collocated teams to come up with new ideas and propel the current programs that we have underway. So, I would say that none of the facilities that I have mentioned so far are speculative facilities on some future opportunity. These are activities and facilities and capabilities that will both benefit our ongoing business as well as positions incredibly well for some of the things that we see on the horizon. There is a natural benefit and we’ve seen this time and again across the company, a natural benefit of pulling together these steps of capabilities with people who can bring a wide variety of discipline to address some of these increasingly complex problems. And if I look at for example what we're doing in Melbourne today and the manned aircraft design center of excellence that we're establishing there, we've had a long-term just tremendous set of capabilities in Melbourne, but we've had other capabilities that we have scattered around the country. And this gives us an opportunity to pull some of those things together, get that people together in a more focused manner to drive some different outcomes for us. And I'm excited about what we already have going on there and what it will represent as we get that activity completed.
Wes Bush: Just one last perspective on this Howard and I don’t want to beat it to death but as you know we are a company built of acquisitions. And so there are -- have still over time been sort of the reminiscence of doing things in different locations that sort of came along to the acquisitions. In some respect this is another sort of next natural step of really integrating the company in a tighter manner and standing back and looking operationally at how we are getting things done and asking ourselves the question is, is that really optimal and in some cases it wasn’t. So we are fixing that and we think we are going to get a really good benefit from that.
Wes Bush: Let me give kind of a broad perspective on that. First and foremost on the cyber side, our expertise and focus continues to be on the national security side of it. That's what we have been doing well for many, many years. And we see an incredible demand for that both in the U.S. government as well as in the governments of a number of our allies around the world. As you know that there is hardly a domain that is as boarder less as cyber. So, when it comes to thinking about the needs of both our country and that of our allies, those needs really do spend in a very broad way. So, we see that as a very important dimension and really I would say focusing our efforts in that direction. There are clearly concerns within our country around how this plays and broader realm; either we’re talking about the critical infrastructure or domains beyond that and I mentioned all the way to [bookings]. And we are obviously focused on how we can help in that regard. We have a lot of work that we do with U.S. government organizations, particularly with the Department of Homeland Security that has principal responsibility for the critical infrastructure and the implications of cyber vulnerabilities to the critical infrastructure. So, we're channeling a lot of our energy and capability and to making sure we're supporting DHS as effectively as we possibly we can. When it comes to more of the commercial side of this, over time we like other companies in our industry take a look at how we might use some of our technologies to help beyond our core emission area. In each of those areas, our history as we tend to find the right partners and figure out what makes the most sense; we are typically not a company on the forefront of a commercial side of markets. So we test that from time to time, we look at it from time to time and spend a lot of time talking to others who are in that marketplace to see if there is an avenue which we can both be helpful to generate some value. But I would just reinforce that our company is primarily focused on the business we're in. And we see a big opportunity there. And I want to be careful that we don't get too diluted in chasing things that really aren't up our rally.
Wes Bush: Well, it’s certainly our shortest cycle business. It took the quickest if you will hit when the federal budget pressures came into play and we've seen that across the industry for similar businesses. It continues to be extraordinarily competitive. Our team in information systems is doing an absolutely great job of picking up the competitions that we want to go out and pursue and being successful on them. We had a reasonable quarter in terms of awards in IS so..
Wes Bush: Actually that’s right, for the last six months has been quite good. So I am very satisfied with how we’re positioned in that area. It is a business that I see is very important to our company for the long-term not only in its capabilities in the cyber arena that we were just speaking about with miles but also broadly in C4ISR and the work that we do in that domain or all of those domains that are embedded in C4ISR. IS is an absolute leader in our industry and those capabilities are core to what we do more broadly across the enterprise. So we’re testing it out like everyone else in that side of the space, but I am very, very pleased with our competitiveness the portfolio of capabilities that we have in IS, I think is strong in terms of the breadth of the support. Like all of our businesses, we continue to assess all the pieces of it and we look hard at where those are and how we see them for the long-term. But on a relative basis, I think IS is doing well.
Wes Bush: You know, Cai I think its just a reminder that there is instability in our world and that both we in the U.S. and our allies around the globe need to be capable of dealing with those things, and does that translate into something in very near-term I really don't see that, it's hard to tell. Might there be some things that pop-up as a result of it? Yes, potentially and we do stay in very, very close contact with all of our customers around the globe to make sure that we are as responsive to as we possibly can be to their emerging needs and are looking forward for them and bringing ideas to them from a security perspective. But I would characterize what we're seeing around the globe right now as more of as having more of an impact on the (inaudible) I'm thinking about use for a more capable and robust global security environment.
Wes Bush: That's great Cai. I would agree with everything that you said that could be happening. As we get, as we transition from more of a development activities into production margins generally are improving, adding more international content normally would improve margins as well. But as the major new development opportunities ahead of us well. Ultimately what happens with both the international opportunities and the new domestic development opportunities will influence what the overall aerospace margins are going to be on longer term basis.
Wes Bush: I don’t think you get ever to think about margins ex-adjustments, adjustments are a normal part of the business they occur every quarter at every company, even in production. So you there are always risk and opportunities that a program is looking to manage and control and the nature of estimating cost over a multi-year period to which our airplane programs that we received today take about three years to perform on them. So there are going to be risk and uncertainties, opportunities associated with every single one of those contracts and in some cases we are going to do better than we thought and maybe in other cases not as well. We are really working hard to make sure that our team understands first what are the risk and opportunities, so that we can manage them to reduce the risk and harvest the opportunities. But ultimately you're always going to have EAC adjustments.
Wes Bush: The revenue is always influenced by timing of deliveries or on the cost to cost contracts by the timing of cost and cost is many times influenced by sub-contracted deliveries. And so those kind of factors when are deliveries actually going to occur and we obviously have a schedule we can predict based on the schedule but we work hard to try to accelerate to the schedule and at times if we have supply issues or other issues, we may slip the schedule for a few days and or a month weeks whatever. We’re talking about multi-billion dollar products then it take too much to affect revenues. And then just the cost, cost as I said largely influenced again we have a pretty good sense of our cost of people, people related cost, timing of sub-contractor cost can have a significant impact on revenue on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Wes Bush: Yes, thanks Joe. It’s one of those environments where well it’s tough, it makes everybody focus a little bit more on competitiveness and I’ve been pleased with the competitiveness of our enterprise. It's delightful to see that we're being successful on a wide variety of fronts and what we're taking on. But as I said in my earlier comments, I am a little bit reluctant to get out ahead of what we see going on in the budget cycle because there is just a lot of uncertainties there yet. And it's important that we all be as clear as we can about the uncertainties that we see. We do have a number of great opportunities in front us. I spoke a little bit earlier in response to Doug’s question on unmanned about some of the international opportunities we see there on the unmanned side. On international, historically electronic systems has been our primary business with about 20% to 25% depending on the year, the sales that ES being international and ES is doing very well and pursuing its international business. And I think this year there will be some place around 25% on their sales internationally. So kind of the new story for us on international is on the Aerospace Systems side of things, both unmanned that I spoke about earlier as well as some opportunities on the manned side whether we're talking about our part of F-35 or the E-2D international opportunities. So we're excited about that. And I also mentioned a little bit earlier in response to Myles question on cyber that cyber also represents some interesting international opportunities for us. So, we do see international is continuing to be a growing part of our business this year, as we've said before are up on international relative to where we were last year, last year was around 10% income our sales and we expect to be about 13% this year on international. Domestically, clearly there are some big and meaningful opportunities out there, one of the most important of which is long range strike. But in addition to that at AS we are looking hard at the U-class opportunity that I talked about a little bit earlier. And at ES there are a number of upcoming decisions where there is three dealer program that we may yet hear about this year or the (inaudible) program which looks to be on track for decision in the early part of next year. Those represent great opportunities for us as well. So there is a lot that we are out there pursuing but to be successful of that we have to continue to perform on our programs that we have today. We have to continue to work on our competitiveness, some of the investments that I talked earlier in response to Howard’s question, our focus on that very thing making sure that we are going to be competitive for the future and can bring forward very affordable offerings for our customers. So we continue to see a nice profile of opportunities out there.
Wes Bush: Well thanks Steve. As I said earlier the first half of the year has again demonstrated that our team’s focus on performance is enabling us to do well for our customer and for our shareholders. So thanks everyone for joining us on the call today and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
