Wesley G. Bush: Noah, I think inherent in your question is the reality of a lot of moving parts here. Clearly, it's too early to tell which way the budget outcome will be. You suggested a thought process around a continuing sequester. And clearly, as we make our plans for our cost structure and our overall approach, that's heavy on our minds and we want to be prepared for just about any outcome that might ensue here. But one thing I would point out that I think it's important for everyone to understand as we think about 2014 and, Noah, to your point, the difference between the short-cycle and the long-cycle businesses, in each year, the definition of a short-cycle business is that they are going to be more attuned to what actually happens in the amounts that the customer community can go out and obligate within the year, whereas for the longer-cycle businesses, their sales in any particular year are more heavily dominated by what was obligated in prior years. So there's sort of a delay effect and even actually a filtering effect, if you will, that goes into the calculus for the sales on an annual basis in the longer-cycle businesses. And that inherently provides a little less volatility in what we see in the longer-cycle businesses in any particular year-over-year comparison. But the shorter-cycle businesses, as I mentioned, are more directly attuned to what's actually getting obligated year-by-year. So in the situation that you described, where we do have part 2 of the sequester next year, where there's something in the order of another $20 billion that gets addressed towards the DoD accounts, we would expect that to show up more quickly in the short-cycle businesses. I think that's about as much color as I can give you on it. Until we see some more particulars and details, it's hard to get out in front of that, and I wouldn't think it wise to try to.
Wesley G. Bush: Carter, I can give you 2 dimensions to that. Competitiveness obviously has a strong component of cost structure and sort of the broader affordability actions that we've been taking for some time. And I'll come back and touch on that. But competitiveness also has a strong component around innovation and our ability to continuously put forward new ideas and be competitive on the basis of good thinking, and that requires investment. And so let me touch the innovation part of it first. As a company, we've been working hard to ensure that we can maintain our investments in technology across the board. We are a technology-driven company. And it is just an absolute strategic imperative for us to make sure that we are both maintaining our own internal investment and that we are doing a good job of capturing the available opportunities for customer investment in advanced technology within our company. So that's a strong part of not only our culture but our operating discipline and our ongoing operating rhythm within the enterprise. You've heard in my remarks a few comments about our capital investments and how we're going to continue to make sure that we are investing for the long term in our infrastructure so that we're able to be innovative and able to support the type of research and development that we know we need to do to stay at the top of the pack in that regard. So from a broad competitiveness perspective, innovation is a big part of it. Affordability is another big part of it. And just our overall cost structure is something that we've been aggressively addressing over the last number of years. And it comes in just about every flavor that you can imagine of the cost structure, and you listed several of them. In terms of the headcount part of this and our overhead structure, we have been going at that very aggressively. Through the end of September, our headcount is down about 19% from our peak of just a few years ago. So that doesn't just happen. That's the result of the entire organization realigning itself to a much tighter cost structure, much tighter management structure across the enterprise and a much more efficient way of operating. We've made similar large reductions in our footprint. And when we look across the board at all the components of our overheads and the direct cost that go into our contracts, we've been very aggressively addressing those. Jim has talked a little bit in the past about pension and the actions that we've taken to make sure that our pension plan is well-funded and some of the benefits that, that provides us. So that's also another component to it. So competitiveness is a multidimensional beast. It's one that we take very, very seriously. We do look at every single contract loss as well as every contract win and go after a set of lessons learned from that to make sure that we're doing the very best that we can on all fronts. And the other thing I would mention with respect to some of the recent contract announcements, I think some of the things that you've seen us do, AMDR is a good example of it, where we are pressing the boundaries of areas where we have historically not had much of a footprint and attempting to see if we can go into some of those areas. We're going to be successful at some and not successful at others, but we're going to keep doing that because I think we have a lot of opportunity to leverage the incredible technological capacity of this enterprise to continue to support our customers in new and different ways. So that's kind of a long-winded answer to your question, Carter. But I think it's important to have that framework as we think about the future of our enterprise.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, we're certainly more than just F-35 in our overall backlog. And if you look particularly though at F-35, we did book LRIP 6 and 7 back in the second quarter, not in the third quarter. And so there's a timing differential that goes with any particular program within the overall backlog. But year-to-date, our backlog across the board is, I think, performing very competitively and certainly continues to be an area of strong focus for us.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Myles, that's a very insightful question. And let me give you a little bit of color on sort of a few dimensions to it. We constantly are monitoring the view of our customers in terms of our performance in a number of different dimensions. We are fortunate to work in our industry, where we get an enormous amount of feedback from our customers, whether it's award fee scores or the CPARs that we get or the regular interaction that we have because our team is working with our customers arm-in-arm every day. We receive an enormous amount of input. And we also receive that on the quality side as well. So it is actually something that we built into our operating rhythm within the company, our operating review process, and look at it across every single one of our businesses every month in our entire enterprise. And we have it built into our incentive system as well. So it is an area where that feedback mechanism is absolutely critical. And we're trying to make sure that we are not just looking in the rearview mirror and looking at that feedback. We're working to ensure that the real-time nature of that is impacting our planning in each of these areas. When I think about the kind of the human part of this equation on a go-forward basis across our enterprise, it clearly is important that we find the right balance in staffing levels. But it's also incredibly important that we manage what we have in terms of the overall intellectual capacity of the enterprise across the industry and at least the civilian side of the government enterprise. We do have a shifting demographics. And that means we have a large number of folks who are well within the timeframe of a 10-year retirement cycle. And it poses some real challenges for all of us across our enterprise to make sure that we're doing the right thing in bringing the newer parts or the newer members of our organization up to speed very, very quickly. It also means that we're out recruiting aggressively. And an interesting thing about our industry right now is that while we are bringing the headcount down, because of that transitioning demographic, we are out recruiting aggressively. In fact, within our company, I mentioned to you that we brought our headcount down about 19% since our peak of just a few years ago. We're going to hire on the order of 4,000 to 5,000 people at Northrop Grumman this year. And it is something that a lot of people don't expect that, that's actually what's going on. So we're bringing in a lot of folks. We're bringing in a lot of bright folks. We're bringing in quite honestly in some areas some new innovative thinking that's actually making us better in a lot of dimensions, so there's a strong positive upside to this. But there's also a strong part of managing that transition to make sure that we can, with very high confidence, continue to deliver all of the things, not only that we've signed up to but that we're out pursuing as we go forward into the future. So the people side of the equation, not only in our company but across our industry and across more broadly the defense enterprise, is a big part of the equation here over the coming years that's going to require a lot of very focused management attention to make sure we get it right.
Wesley G. Bush: No, it's not a make-buy. In fact, I will tell you there have been some areas where we've had to bring things in-house because of some weakness in the supply chain. Yes, and that's not generally something that we like to do, but we will do it where we need to, to make sure that we're going to be able to deliver our products and services. So we have, over the past now 3 years, really ramped up our monitoring engagement with our supply chain, so we can stay out ahead of those kind of issues.
Wesley G. Bush: Sam, we think about that a lot all the time. And I would just give sort of a couple basic principles. First is we take a long-term view when it comes to capital deployment, in particular share repurchase. We take a long-term view of the value that we see in our enterprise and how we see the various forces out there impacting that sort of a long-term value perspective. We're clearly an enterprise that's generating a lot of cash. And we also look at -- and so this would be the sort of the second principle, we look at the alternatives for the use of that cash and how we help generate that long-term value through the uses of the cash. So it's not as if we just set the throttle on one speed and just stay throttled up whatever happens. We constantly are assessing those parameters as well as our environment and making our decisions on that basis.
Wesley G. Bush: A little bit in TS, yes. But it's really IS and ES. And as we go forward into '14, obviously with the drawdown sort of winding down, we would expect that over the course of '14, we'd pretty much see the tail of it.
Wesley G. Bush: Sure. If I had a crystal ball, I'd feel a lot better about the outlook here. And I know there's a lot of concern and consternation about what happens with some of the shorter-cycle businesses. But I guess, the way I would frame it is, it's one of those effects that has the shortest time constant, sort of from a physics perspective. When things are going down in a top line environment, they're going to go down the fastest. And when things start turning, they'll go up more quickly because of the inherent built-up demand, pent-up demand that gets sprung loose once things turn around a little bit and the fact that they are short cycle. So is '14 a bottom for the short-cycle businesses across our industry? I don't know. It all depends on what happens with things like sequester and the broader budget decisions that are in front of us, so hard for me to call that one. All I can say is it will react faster to whatever the change in the budget environment turns out to be. With respect to your question on the components of IS sort of across the board, the businesses had been doing, I think, reasonably well. There are parts of that business -- and so we talk about short cycle and long cycle. Within IS, there are shorter, shorter cycles and slightly longer shorter cycles. And I would say a lot of the work that we do on the defense side probably has a little bit of the longer of the shorter cycle in IS. And it's probably been a little bit stronger to some of what we've been seeing here. And some of the work that we do on the intel side as well has that characteristic. Steve has described in the past sort of the delineation between the different parts of the businesses, where on the order of about 40% is kind of what you put into that maybe shorter, shorter-cycle piece. And so it has different characteristics, more driven though by the nature of the work being done than it does by the nature of who the customer is because all of our customers have some degree of longer-term contracting versus shorter-term contracting.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes. Cai, I guess, the color I would give on that is as we've talked about our opportunities on international, you can see that some of them are a little bit longer in development wave than others. Clearly, unmanned is an area that we see over the longer term as having a lot of opportunity, whether we're talking about Korea, Australia or Japan, many of the countries that have been quite open and vocal about their strong interest in growing their unmanned capabilities. And it's upbeat [ph] by being supported by the U.S. in that regard. C4ISR is another area where we see a lot of opportunities around the globe. And those also sometimes take awhile to develop. As Jim referenced earlier, and I think in one of the responses to one of the earlier questions about Electronic Systems, ES continues to have a very strong international business base. And we continue to see a lot of interest and a lot of demand for pretty much their full product set. So that is encouraging to us. And as you know, we have a big footprint on both the Joint Strike Fighter and the F-18. So all of those areas put together suggest a nice set of international opportunities for us as we look into the future.
Wesley G. Bush: And George, there's another effect as well that I think is sometimes missed in the process. When monies are appropriated, they're not instantly obligated. And so it takes some time. And sometimes, that time is measured in more than a year between when it's appropriated and when it gets obligated. And so we're still seeing things getting obligated that were appropriated 2 years ago. So that is another part of that delay or stretch, if you will, that is more inherent in the long-cycle business.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, it's kind of hard -- it's hard to predict based on how the flow of obligated amounts is going to go and what the spend rate is of those obligated amounts over the duration of the program. So kind of hard to call that at this point.
Wesley G. Bush: I'd just want to wrap up again by thanking all of our employees across the enterprise for their continuing hard work and commitment and also thanking our partners in government for all that they're doing. Our nation just put our government employees through a pretty tough period over the past month, not something that should have happened but something that did happen. And I will tell you from my own observation, that's a team that stood tall and continued to execute their mission very well. So we're all fortunate to be beneficiaries of their hard work as we go forward. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
James F. Palmer: Jon, we will give our 2014 guidance in January when we -- in accordance with our normal plan when we release fourth quarter results. I do agree that not having required contributions in 2014 or not expecting to have required 2014 contribution is a benefit. But we'll just wait until to January when we give all of our guidance for 2014.
James F. Palmer: Doug, this is Jim. I think our guys at ES have been doing a fabulous job frankly, and backlog is a -- with the large international content that our ES sector has, backlog is always influenced by the timing of those major international orders. Probably that's the impact that you're seeing more than anything else, I believe, in Electronic Systems. Once you win one of those major programs, you have a revenue stream that likely lasts for a number of years. Typically, those programs have an S-curve associated with them, where you start off smaller and build over time, and then decline as you get near completion. So we haven't given guidance for '14 yet, so I think the comments that Wes had at the beginning of the call around the longer-cycle businesses likely having a better balance, if you will, as we go into '14 are how I would frame it at this point.
James F. Palmer: Across our portfolio, and largely IS and TS have the biggest exposure to the in-theater. We have been estimating that in the aggregate for the year, it would be about $300 million. I would say probably about 1/2 to 2/3 of that is from the IS sector.
James F. Palmer: Yes. Cai, we had said that for 2013, we expect our international revenues to be in the 10% range. It was about 8% in 2012. So for '13, we're looking at in the 10% range for the international revenues. Again, I think it's a growth area for us. I'm not going to give you a number for 2014 since we haven't given guidance for 2014. It does feel like it's going to be increased as well again as we look to next year.
James F. Palmer: Yes. Cai, when we announced the 25% reduction goal, we characterized it as market conditions permitting. As Wes responded to an earlier question, we do take a long-term view of the company, its portfolio, how well it's positioned, the revenue and cash flow-generating capability of the company. And we make decisions on a regular basis about the pace and the quantity at which we buy based on the facts and circumstances at that point in time. We haven't backed off at the 25% goal at this point. As I mentioned for the first 2 quarters that the goal has been in place, we've repurchased a little bit over 14 million shares or almost 25% of the goal. So we, I think, have plenty of flexibility to deal with the overall goal as we look through the next little bit over 2-plus years.
James F. Palmer: George, if you think about the typical life cycle of those long-cycle businesses, you're probably thinking about kind of a 3-year period of performance, 2 to 3 years, maybe even a little bit longer depending upon the nature of the products. So really all of this is going to depend on those budgetary decisions that are going to need to be made as Congress deals with the 2014 budget and whether or not there are any major changes to individual programs. All of those will be the major driving factors on the long-cycle business, I believe, more so than anything else.
James F. Palmer: The nature of the business, as you know, George, unless there are unexpected decisions made on program changes or cancellations, the nature of the business with its long cycle gives you time to look through the windshield of what's coming your way and make your cost decisions to manage the company in anticipation of what you see coming your way. So again, without unexpected decisions, we have the ability basically to manage the business based on what we see coming.
