Ken Bedingfield: Noah, great question and I wouldn't say that you're missing anything in terms of analysis of the fact that we've got a lot of moving parts. We do have a well-diversified portfolio and we've got some business - you're right - should be driving towards some higher margins. We have been realizing margins on F-35 that are below what we expect for a program at that level of maturity and we certainly expect as we move towards more mature production, that we would realize higher margins in that area. Autonomous Systems, we do see some international business that's moving into production as well as Triton hopefully moving out of development and into LRIP. So we would expect to the potential first on higher margins there. That being said, we do have a fair amount of development work that we're taking on whether that's B-21 or some of the other strategic items that Wes mentioned - whether that's Saber, or SEWIP, or G/ATOR or others. In some respects, the question is what's going to move first in a web velocity among those various moving parts? I would say that overall, certainly some pressures on margin rates as development programs grow, but as you mention, we do have more mature production that's also going to be growing in terms of dollars. The other one I probably should have mentioned is E-2 that's now into multi-year production. So we'll continue to work on it. I see it as being range-bound into a reasonable range. We have the opportunity to continue to perform and we also need to work to try to offset the pressure that will come from the development margins.
Ken Bedingfield: Seth, thanks for the question. We do historically review our dividend for whether there will be an increase at the main meeting of the boards, so that is upcoming. I would say that we've had a history of dividend increases for a number of years and we will consider that between now and that meeting. I would just comment that in terms of chasing dividend yield, we don't make a practice of chasing yield. I would note that our yield is lower than some of our peers primarily because of stock price performance as opposed to dividend historical increases. We tend to think of dividend in terms of a payout ratio and that payout ratio being pension-adjusted net earnings and we believe if you look at our dividend in that light, you'll see that we're in a competitive range within our peer group. That's the light in which we'll continue to analyze this for the foreseeable future.
Ken Bedingfield: Rob, your first question on the B-2, I would say I do not believe the first quarter volume indicates a trend. This is one that has a number of aspects to the program and various pieces of business that run through there. So I think it's primarily just timing. Modernization more so has a bit more of fluctuation than the baseline maintenance and operations business. As far as the B-21, I wouldn't be able to comment. I think that's something we'd leave for the Air Force to determine income.
Ken Bedingfield: Cai, just a comment on the backlog. We are presenting backlog on a quarterly basis at this point on a qualitative level by sector. So we did provide information that AS backlog is up, MS backlog is up and technology services is moderately down. I'd refer you to the 8-K for the details that are in there with respect to backlog.
Ken Bedingfield: Howard, it's Ken here. At this point, I think the only comment I would make is to refer you to the 8-K and just to remind you that we do intend to provide annual backlog data at the entire company and at the sector levels in our 2016 annual report on form 10-K.
Ken Bedingfield: Jason, I would say that in terms of the B-2 volume question upfront, in terms of the lumpiness, I think that's just kind of a quarter-by-quarter thing. We do manage this business for the long term and no concerns about the B-2 or where it is. I would say overall, we expect B-2 volume to be relatively consistent in 2016 with where it was in 2015, somewhere in the $700 million range in terms of sales volume. In terms of the second part of the question on pluses and minuses in revenues, at aerospace, I would say again a fair number of moving parts. In terms of what's declining, probably the biggest piece of decline would be F-18. As that program ramps down, I think we're down to two per month sort of delivery schedule. The other areas where we've seen a bit of decline in 2016 versus last year would be non-restricted space particularly AEHF, James Webb Space Telescope. In terms of adds to volume, we do expect that F35 will start to ramp here at some point and we're looking forward to when that occurs. The B-21 Long Range Strike Bomber is certainly something that we would see as ramping here. And then as I mentioned, the E2D program that is now into the multi-year production, we talked about Triton moving into LRIP and then I would say a number of restricted activities.
Ken Bedingfield: Miles, if I can just add to that. I would say that I think Wes' point around the trajectory, it was important. What we've done here is really set a baseline in 2016 from where there's a trajectory for net income to grow from. So do not necessarily read this as 2016 net income as growing from '15, but we've set a base line that we're looking to grow from as we move forward.
Ken Bedingfield: All right. Great. Thanks, David, for the question. I would say a couple of things. I guess first to answer your question where we stand on contracts, just a reminder we do have four main contracts on F-35 with Lockheed-Martin. We've got the center fuselage, the radar, distributed aperture system and the CNI communications navigation identification suite and various aspects of those are in negotiation with Lockheed Martin, but I would say that what folks tend to think of as our main piece, that being the center fuselage - which is our single largest contract - we are negotiated through LRIP 8, continuing to work hard to get LRIPs 9 and 10 negotiated. Just working through the details with those with our customer. In terms of the question on the REV/REX standard, very good question. We are on units of delivery for all four of our contracts on F-35 and we also have other units of delivery contracts - F-18 is one and some others within Mission Systems. We do expect that when we adapt the new REV/REX standard which should be in the first quarter of 2018, we would transition from units of delivery on each of those contracts to a cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition. That being said, we do not expect - and looking at the profile of those contracts that are on units of delivery and where they're going to be in their life cycle, we don't expect that the revenue recognized in that period should be significantly different from what would be recognized on the units of delivery basis. The reason for that is that the cost to repute ultimately is pretty consistent with the unit flow that we see. So there could be some impact and there certainly will be some impact, but we have not at this point seen that as particularly significant for the adaption of that new standard in 2018.
Ken Bedingfield: All right. Let me see if I can address those in maybe three pieces. I guess the first part is capital spending in the first quarter. What I would say is yes, the building certainly was a significant piece of that. The other piece of it, I think is just continued projects that we've been working through in 2015 and you can think of those as generally being related to either some of the centers of excellence's work that we've been undertaking here in the last couple of years. As well as some that are programmatic in nature, in general supporting multiple programs whether it's programs that are in production and we're seeing some relatively solid production numbers in front of us where we determine we can invest. A great example of that would be the St. Augustine Aircraft Integration Center where we invested ahead of the E2D multi-year program because we saw that there was a relatively stable base of production for a relative long period of time. I would say that some of it is the buildings that we've talked about and some of it is just kind of continued spend on the existing projects, much of which is either centers of excellence or program-related. But for the most part, if they're a program, they support multiple programs and not just a single. In terms of depreciation, what I would say is that we don't look at our indirect rates on a piece-by-piece or line-by-line basis. We've managed our indirect as a piece of our total cost and just because depreciation may be going up doesn't mean that we have an excuse to let our indirect rates increase. So we'll manage and we'll continue to manage this as we have as component of total cost and to the extent depreciation is up, we'll have to find other areas where we'll realize cost savings. I think a great example of that is just if you look within the capital itself. The capital for the building we purchased in the first quarter and the capital for the building that we intend to purchase in the second quarter will result in depreciation charges that are significantly less than the rent expense on those buildings. So there will be savings in the indirect pools right there that would be a component of how we would offset those increases in depreciation charges going forward. But we certainly see that as something we'll be able to manage as we have in the past, aggressively looking at holding our indirect rates. And then in terms of the range for cap ex, we certainly looked hard at that here as we were giving guidance for the first quarter. We believe it's appropriate to hold our range where it is, still a number of moving parts and a fair amount of time between now and the end of the year. But if we see some additional clarity on that between now and the other second quarter call, they'll certainly update that range as appropriate.
Ken Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks for the question, Joe. On pension, I would say that all things being equal in terms of where we are today versus where we were at the Q4 call in January where we provided some information on pension and without different assumptions, I don't see any changes from where we were then and at that point in time, I would say about call it on average, $100 million a year for '16, '17 and '18 in terms of required contributions primarily for our non-qualified plans and that was based on the discount rates at the end of the year and our expected rates of return. I would say that at this point in time, no major update from where we are there. We'll continue to evaluate that between now and at the end of the year and we'll tend to give some guidance around the third quarter call and an update to have our final assumptions at the end of the year. But we're looking at again, with assumptions that just stand today, not a significant level of pension funding requirements which is certainly a good place to be.
Wes Bush: I think it's important to be clear about what that was within that part of the business and I know it's a little bit difficult to track what's in the pieces quite yet, given that we're brand new in putting out a description of how we're categorizing the different elements of the business and I would direct you to look at the 8-K that just got filed to help better understand that. But the thing that was really driving that this quarter, the lower sales and the part of the business that we call cyber and ISR was actually a lower volume on the Counter-Narcoterrorism Technology Program, CNTPO, which is an IDIQ type of contract with different task quarters that's been sort of fluctuating up and down over the years. So, I would not describe that in any way as a core part of the way we characterize cyber or our ISR activities. That happens to be a part of what got put into that portion of the business that we described with that label. So we don't see any negative trends at all in sort of the core cyber or ISR elements of our business. But CNTPO with respect to some of the IDIQ task force had some fluctuation that drove that outcome.
Wes Bush: Yes, Carter, thanks for the question. With respect to B-21, the disclosures are what they are. We've got the material and what we have released that we're going to be able to disclose on it. I really appreciate your question on growth and performance because it is a topic that we've been spending quite a bit of time on within our company and not just recently having one, a number of activities to something that we've been working hard to be prepared for a long period of time; and the actions that we've taken over the last several years with respect to our focus on execution performance on our programs, I think is serving us very well on that regard. I know a lot of folks sort of look at the margin expansion that we had over the last few years and thought, “Well, that's just cost reduction.” Well, clearly cost discipline is an important part of it, but I will tell you the big driver for all of those margin expansions was actually better performance, better programmed execution and that discipline in the company has steadily been increasing and it is the focal point for just about every engagement we have with our leadership team in terms of the actions that we need to be taking collectively to further enhance our ability to execute. So when we look at our new programs, programs that we're taking on, we approach each of them from the perspective of how do we manage the inherent risk that goes with a new development activity? First and foremost, that means being very clear about what all those risk really are, getting them out on the table as transparently as possible for all of us to focus on; and then secondly, in short [ph] that we have very strong risk management capabilities and practices baked in for everything that we take on. That's the discipline that we're driving in our execution. In addition to our work and in terms of being able to execute more effectively, I would say that there are some very positive trends in our customer community that are helping in this regard. And one of the ones that I would point out is requirement stability. There's a lot of work that's been done over the last few years as a result of the efforts both at the OST level and in each of the services to enhance the acquisition team's ability to hold the requirement stable. Because we all know when it comes to these development programs, a major source of cost growth and schedule expansion historically has been requirements and stability. We simply as a nation can't afford that anymore. In order to execute well, we need to be able to keep the requirements stable, we need to of course drive the execution with great discipline from the companies and I have to give the services and OST a lot of credit for their attention to requirement stability. I think that's going to help a lot. Now, there's a third component to this that is also really important and that is funding stability. Given the volatility that we've seen in the budgeting process over the last few years, this is an area where we need congress to help as well. We need that stability to be able to execute well. And when we get funding volatility on programs, that too can ripple the outcomes. So this is a matter of focus across the board and it requires all the players both the industry, the customer community and the congress to play their role in making this program successful and we're certainly determined to do our part. I've been encouraged by what I've seen both in the Pentagon and on The Hill with respect to the various defense committees recognizing the importance of all of these aspects to ensure we can execute well. But it's clearly right at the very top of the list of actions that we have within our company to drive good solid execution.
Wes Bush: I appreciate the question. It's kind of a reflection of the way we think about motivating our team. Clearly, if you look at the budgets that have been approved, '16, well, in terms of the investment accounts domestically here were up about 14% over 15% and '17, well, not quite as robust in terms of the present's budget is still up noticeably from where we have been in '15. Some question obviously about whether or not the congress can move beyond this two-year process of getting past the budget control act or the sequester and get us into a more stable long term factor. But if you do look at the present budget, it puts the investment accounts in a more robust position. I think you might argue whether or not it's robust enough, you know what's going on around the globe. Given that, from a company perspective, we see our portfolio as being very well-positioned to take advantage of that healthier environment to better-support our customers with products and services they really need to address that tough threat environment that's out there. So we are looking at that aspect of our incentive plan even though it's stated on an annual basis as something that we are integrating more into the thinking in the company and the way that we're going to incentivize ourselves over time to make sure that we're translating this improved market opportunity space into actual increases in net income over a period of years. So we tend to use our annual incentive plan as a way of ensuring alignment within the company around a way we're thinking about what we need to get done. You might recall a few years ago when we were taking on this initial thrust to change our outcomes on operating margin rates. We set that up incrementally over a course of several years, but it was a very strong communication within the company around this as our area of focus and this is the outcome we need to achieve and it was very effective. I expect that as we go forward and focus on this transition in the market environment, that we'll be able to generate a very positive outcome by ensuring that our team is focused on growing the bottom line, not just the top line. We need to make sure we'd bring the bottom line with us as we're growing over time. I would not describe this as an either/or on capital deployment or net income growth. We do anticipate maintaining a very strong focus on returning cash to shareholders. How we do that over the course of time always varies a little bit. But I think you've heard both Ken and I say on our recent calls, share repurchase will continue to be a very important part of our strategy as well as having a competitive dividend from a payout ratio perspective. We look at all of these elements of value creation as being very important, but I think you put your finger on it the right way in your question as we look at the changing market conditions, it will be important for us to incentivize our team to make sure that we are growing that bottom line as well as the top line.
Wes Bush: Hunter, it's Wes. I think the thing to keep in mind with IRAD these are decisions that each company has to make on how it invest to position itself for the longer term. That really is the framework that we look at. When we think about IRAD, we drive the process internally to really test, “Are we making smart investments that really have the opportunity not just tomorrow?” Or sometimes you can just put in a couple of years, but over the long term, “Are these investments, they're really going to generate the opportunity to enhance our ability to support our customer and the result in profitable growth for the enterprise?” There's a lot of judgment that goes into making those investments. We looked across the full array of customer needs and in response to the second part of your question, I would say all of our customers are looking at a threat environment that is going to require that they bring more innovation to the game to the products that they're out acquiring, they're going to need more innovation to ensure that we're going to be able to put forth a military capability that truly is differentiated technologically. So it isn't just one area. Probably all of the areas you mentioned plus many more are representative of our customer's needs today to really enhance their capability to address their very difficult and challenging missions particularly as we look around the globe and see many other countries investing on the technology front as well in that regard. This is a core part of what we do, our fundamental business model. We invest, we bring brilliant scientists, and engineers, mathematicians together to figure out how to help our customers stay ahead. We don't want their effort to be a case where our service men and women have to go into a fair fight when it comes to the technology capabilities. We want to be with. These are our fundamental investment decisions that we make and given this growth in complexity that our customers are facing, I think it is incumbent on us collectively across our industry to be investing appropriately. You saw us take our IRAD investments up over the last couple of years, up into the 3% range and I anticipate going forward we'll be at that higher level of investment because we'd see the business imperative both through our customer's eyes and through the eyes of generating returns on those investments. So long as we can make smart investments, apply those funds in the right direction and bring together the right human capital, we should be in a really good position to support our customer's needs. That's the lens through which we see it. I know that there has been fair amount of public discourse about the need for both industry and quite frankly government to be spending more on investment, but I think it's just reflection of the reality of the thread environment. So we're stepping up, we certainly need government to step up in terms of this investment and fundamental R&D and product development. But I think this is something that's just a clear imperative and supports getting the right types of returns on those investments over time.
Wes Bush: Rob, that's a good question and I think a really important one as we look at the underlying capabilities that will be required to support essentially any meaningful unmanned operation off the deck of an aircraft carrier. We're absolutely delighted with the ground work that's been laid by the X-47B program - taking off the deck of an aircraft carrier without a human in the loop is a neat trick onto itself, but landing on a deck of an aircraft carrier is a really neat trick and we're the only company that has done that, something of this capability. So we see ourselves as well-positioned to support whatever the mission requirement that the navy derives or unmanned operations on and off the deck of aircraft carriers, and we're going to continue to work hard to support the navy on this. Clearly, there are some differences that go with the variability of whatever the mission might be. Strike as I think about it from a long term perspective is going to continue to be really, really important. The navy is concerned as well about surveillance and reconnaissance with an edition's carrier asset and they've chosen to focus this next round of activity on refueling, which is also a really important mission for the navy. In all of those cases, they are mission-variants, but the underlying technology, the capability to design, and build, and reliably operate an autonomous - a truly autonomous system - in that type of environment, that's something that we've made a lot of progress on. X-47B was important for the navy in terms of demonstrating that this really could be done and I think CBARS and future variants of that type of unmanned capability are going to be really important opportunities for Northrop Grumman.
Wes Bush: Well, thanks, Steve. Let me just wrap up by thanking our team again for a good start to 2016. It's clear to us that our customers really need performance and innovation to successfully address their demanding missions and our team is absolutely focused on supporting them. So thanks, everyone, for joining us on our call today and thanks also for your continuing interest in our company.
