Steve Movius: Thanks, Katelyn, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's third quarter 2014 conference call. Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today's call constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of Federal Securities Laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty, which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially. Matters discussed on today's call may also include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled in today's earnings release. We will be posting an updated company overview that provides supplemental information on Northrop Grumman. You can access our updated company overview and our sector overviews on the Investor Relations page at www.northropgrumman.com. On the call today are Wes Bush, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Jim Palmer, our CFO. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Steve Movius: Thanks, Jim. As a courtesy, we ask each participant to limit themselves to a single one-part question, so we can hopefully get through the queue. Katelyn, we’re ready for Q&A
Steve Movius: This is Steve. I’d like to thank all of you for your interest. This concludes our Q&A session of the call and I would like to turn it over to Wes for final comments.
James F. Palmer: I would just point out that the numbers I just gave you for CAS recoveries compared to our prior estimates are up a few $100 million over a three-year period, so not --
James F. Palmer: Yes, Doug, you’re right. I think we had an all-time high in our Electronic Systems backlog for our number of multiyear deals that affected the backlog as well as some of our marine programs. As you know, we had a multiyear deal on E-2D aerospace. Electronic Systems also has some activities on that program. So all of those are part of that impact to the backlog.
James F. Palmer: Let me take the second piece of that first. The CAS benefit are essentially nine-month impact of lower CAS costs applied against the whole portfolio of contracts, some of those contracts being cost types, so the benefits flow entirely to the customer. Some of them being fixed price incentive, where we share in the benefits; others being fixed price where we capture the benefits. There will be some small benefit that continues but largely be realized I think basically this year. So there will be a small fourth quarter benefit as well that’s essentially covered in our guidance for the year.
James F. Palmer: George, I remember back to the 10-K and I don’t think it’s the mix that’s changed much. We’re a little bit more than 50% cost type, maybe 52%, 53%; 47 fixed price. I don’t think it’s changed awful lot. The other factor as you appreciate in terms of the flow-through of the 132 million June catch-up reduction in CAS expenses just a percentage completion of the various contracts that it applies to. So I said to an earlier question, there will be some smaller fourth quarter benefit and maybe some that leads over into 2015 as well, but really not that significant in terms of the overall margin impact on a go-forward basis. And to your question basically around the overall mix, based on what I’ve seen so far in our planning process, I don’t see a lot of change in the overall mix between development contracts and production contracts as we look forward here.
James F. Palmer: Yes, I think you all know but I think you are making too much out of these EAC adjustments. The underlying margin rate is really the key factor here. EAC adjustments were down in the quarter, as I recall correctly from the Q that was filed this morning, upper 30s, low $40 million range on a year-over-year basis and quarter-over-quarter basis. And we basically look at the underlying fundamentals of our various contracts when we do our planning process and not so much how we expect to come from the underlying performance of the contracts versus EAC adjustments.
James F. Palmer: John, this is Jim. As you know, international has gone to about 13% of sales for 2014, up from 10% in 2013. Backlog is about 14% at this point and obviously the backlog percentage is always influenced by the timing of these large international awards. Both Wes and I have said a number of times, we see some significant opportunities in the international marketplace for our capabilities. They always take a long time to bring to fruition. Projecting exactly when they’re going to occur is frapped with problem and I’m not going to get into that.
Wes Bush: I would say that there continues to be a fair amount of interest in the technology side of the space, just everyone wanting to make sure that collectively we’re thinking ahead and highly engaged on the technology end of it. But do I see a big uptick relative to kind of where we’ve been for a bit of time? Not on the near horizon do I see that. As always, we continue to be active and taking a look at things that are out there. I haven’t of late seen very much that really triggered us to be that engaged in it, but we’re going to continue to look just as we always have. We think it’s an important part of our overall strategic management process to be engaged in that aspect of development.
Wes Bush: Doug, it’s Wes. I’d just add that across the board, the business continues to do well with Electronics. We have such a wider array of capability there that continues to be in demand both domestically and internationally. You may recall that Electronic Systems has our biggest fraction of international sales running around 25% or so this year. So it’s a fairly broad, just outstanding performance by the team at ES.
Wes Bush: Noah, I sort of see both sides of it. I clearly see a much better informed discussion on the hill around both near-term and long-term jeopardy that our national security is being placed under with this continuing pressure downwards on the Department of Defense and quite frankly other federal agencies that are being asked to do a heck of a lot more to deal with the variety of threats around the globe that are being asked to do that greater amount of scope, if you will, at a much reduced budget. It simply doesn’t make any sense and I think there is a growing recognition of that dramatic imbalance that we have from a national security perspective. Now, whether or not that recognition translates into action depends on a lot of politics and I would not want to be in the mode of speculating on politics, but I am encouraged by the growing thoughtfulness of the discussion, the growing recognition and I think the genuine desire on the part of folks on both sides of the isle and both sides of Congress, both houses of Congress to kind of step back and rethink this. But again, there are so much political dynamics associated with the budget these days that it would be difficult to put a stake in the ground and say, yes, this is going to change. But I am encouraged by the improvement in the dialogue around this.
Wes Bush: Thanks, Jason. Clearly, our capabilities get deployed around the globe and are addressing a whole set of issues that are evident not just in the Middle East as you’re well aware. But with respect to that particular theater, some of the things that we’re well known for and support our customers with a very focused approach are things such as intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance. We deploy a wide variety of systems that help our customers understand what’s happening, where it’s happening, when it’s happening and do that with a very high degree of precision, so the ISR part of our business is really an important part whether we’re talking the platforms that provide the presence to do it, the sensors that provide the inherent system capacity on those platforms where they’re processing that sits behind the sensors, whether it’s on the platform or to ground processing and quite frankly the sustainment of those systems. So it’s a full company effort behind the ISR mission that’s so important to all of four structure to be able to have that perceptive understanding of what’s going on. The other place we play a big role is on the command and control side. Our work that we do both at our Information Systems business and in Aerospace Systems and in Electronic Systems plays an integral role in the command and control architectures that are deployed to help address this type of situations. So I wouldn’t say that what we’re seeing right now in the Middle East represents a big uptick in any way for us, I would not want to leave that impression. But I would point out that our systems and capabilities are integral to the nation’s ability to go and conduct these types of activities and again not just in the Middle East but around the globe.
Wes Bush: But respect to the platform activities, I would just say that each time we start out on a new contract we have a risk profile in front of us on execution and we recognize the retirement of that risk as it occurs over time. So, nothing unusual about the new contracts that we have in that regard, but I think to the point, Carter, you were making because we have a number of these new activities and E-2D is a good example of that. As we retire the risk, either we succeed at retiring the risk or we fail to retire the risk over the course of the premium, that will be reflected in the way that we booked the margins on the program.
Wes Bush: We won’t give any guidance, right, relating to '15 other than the pension outlook that Jim provided, so I wouldn’t venture into being prescriptive about '15. But I think the broader perspective is correct. As we bring on additional programs, there’s always a path, if you will, to the full margin opportunity. The commentary I’ve made in the past relates though a bit more to our capture of development work as I think everyone on the call understands, development programs generally carry a lower margin rate opportunity than do our production programs. So the extent that our backlog reflects the capture of development activities, that would tend to have more of a downward pressure on margin rates than when the backlog growth reflects the capture of additional production work.
Wes Bush: I would characterize it as good performance, good competitive performance by the IS team. I think it’s too early to call a turn in the shorter cycle side of the marketplace. I think we’re going to have to see how the budget environment shapes up over the course of this year before we’re positioned to call that. But we are very pleased with the backlog performance and capture performance of the IS team. They’ve continued to make sure that we’re focused on the parts of the portfolio where we think we can really create value and are very focused on the competitive side of that. So it’s good work by the IS team that you’re seeing here.
Wes Bush: In particular, I would just add because we see a good set of opportunities on both the production and on the development side, if I look at our national opportunities, many of those are more production-related if we’re selling a Global Hawk or a Triton or an E-2D overseas, those would be additions to our production line. Generally, our domestic targets, the new targets, tend to have more development opportunity and I mentioned both long-range strike and some of the other things that we’re pursuing domestically would tend to have more of a development mix. So in terms of the overall opportunity set, I would align with what Jim said that we really don’t see much of a change in the mix of opportunities. Of course, it will depend on which ones we actually capture and turn into the sales [engineer] (ph) in the company.
Wes Bush: This is Wes. I wouldn’t say that that was so much a reflection of what’s going on in Better Buying Power. I think historically we’ve seen on very, very large programs where there are subcontracts that are major fractions of the acquisition. We’ve seen the government have a strong interest in understanding what’s going on and frequently the subcontractor works through the prime to support what the prime needs to get done with the government customer to provide greater insight into that larger fraction of the cost. But all that said, ultimately, the subcontractor just that there are contractual agreements between the supplier and the prime and the government’s actions need to respect that and understand it. And ultimately, they are holding the prime contractor responsible for the outcomes. So we are an industry that works very closely together to get things done. It’s kind of one of – I think the very strong positive attributes of our industry that we’re able to partner so well while we also complete. And part of that partnering process is to support whoever happens to be the prime on an individual contract, support them enabling them to get done what they need to get done with the customer community. So I don’t know that I would characterize it as a big departure clearly on something, the size of F-35 where individual companies that are not the prime have a big role. The government needs to understand what’s going on in great detail and the subcontractors need to support the prime and providing that type of insight. But ultimately, the relationship is between the subcontractor and the contractor and that has to be maintained. Since you raised the question though about Better Buying Power, I thought it might be helpful just to give a little bit of perspective on this. Our industry has been very active in working with the Department and helping to provide feedback and help to shape the ongoing evolution of the Better Buying Power initiatives. We’re now to Better Buying Power 3.0 and I think there’s a lot of good things that are coming out of this process. And clearly the opportunity to work with the Department in helping to shape what’s going on and improving the acquisition process I think is something that we all welcome. The focus that we’re seeing in Better Buying Power 3 around innovation and driving technology I think is very, very much on point and necessary for where we need to be going as a country. And as I’ve said earlier, I think I speak for most folks in the industry. We really appreciate the Department’s approach to working with us and shaping where these things go. So I think there are a lot of positives here. We have to of course make sure that the implementation of the policies that get put out really is in alignment with the intent and there have been some issues in that regard whether it’s in the appropriate use of different contract types or other aspects of it. But I think in general, this is a good architecture, a good approach to trying to improve – continuously improve what’s going on in DoD acquisition and we’re supportive of what the Department’s working to do here.
Wes Bush: Thanks, Hunter. I really can’t. It wouldn’t be appropriate for me to comment on how specific systems are being deployed in an operational context. I would just say broadly that as the world continues to get more challenging, we see a constant increase in deployment of assets like Global Hawk and Global Hawk specifically around the globe. The number of hours of operation continue to rise, the cost per hour continues to fall, the clarity that the commanders have around the benefits of that asset continues to improve. So we see all the things pointed in the right direction for the broad support that the DoD has been providing for Global Hawk. So we’re continuing to be very confident about its future and very supportive of what our customers are working to do to continue to enhance its operational utilizations. So, we see things as being on the right track there.
Wes Bush: Jim, I listed a few earlier, maybe I can just reiterate some of that and perhaps add a little perspective. With respect to what we have underway at Aerospace Systems, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we see opportunities for our Global Hawk, Triton and E-2D and of course broadly around the company where we’re a participant on F-35, we see that growing. In Electronic Systems, we’ve been pleased to see how our SBIR radar program continues to perform well on schedule. We see that as a very, very competitive offering that we have in the marketplace and it’s generating a lot of interest around the globe. So the SBIR radar is I think going to be a nice opportunity for a number of countries that are looking to upgrade their F-16 capability. In Information Systems, we have an extensive capability in cyber that a number of our allies are quite interested in figuring out how they work with the U.S. and U.S. government in taking their steps forward where we can helpful. And I mentioned earlier the work that we do domestically in command and control out of Information Systems and there too we’re seeing an increasing interest around the globe in some of that capability to help deal with the growing complexity of the systems that many nations are acquiring now. You have to be able to network these systems together and manage them as a more integrated approach to dealing with the battle space and that’s a real expertise that we have at IS that I see a nice international opportunity. And with respect to TS, we do a fair amount of sustainment work around the globe today and we see sustainment as a growing international opportunity for TS. So every one of our four sectors has a set of meaningful opportunities as we look out over the next few years. We generally have not been in the mode of trying to set goals as a percent of revenue. I don’t see that as a necessarily productive thing to do. We are looking at each of these opportunities to see whether or not they are value creating and whether or not we’re the right company to be pursuing them, and we make our decisions on that basis. So as we go forward, given the breadth of opportunities, clearly we’re looking at a growing international business but we’re not setting specific percent of revenue targets to describe that growth.
Wes Bush: Thanks, Steve. I’ll just wrap up by reiterating how proud I am of the Northrop Grumman team’s continuing focus on driving performance for our customers and for our shareholders. This was another good quarter for us and that good quarter resulted from the commitment and hard work of the great team that we’re fortunate to have here in our company. So thanks again for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continuing interest in Northrop Grumman.
