Kathy Warden: Thanks, Dave. In summary, we have strong franchise programs that are well aligned to budget priorities. We are focused on capturing and investing in new growth opportunities while also executing to drive earnings and cash flow growth. We delivered a solid set of results in 2021, and we are well positioned to continue growing and performing in 2022 and beyond. Our top priority for cash deployment remains shareholder return, including a competitive dividend and share repurchases. With that in mind, our Board of Directors recently approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization of $2 billion. And based on our outlook today, we plan on returning at least $1.5 billion to shareholders via share repurchase in 2022. Before turning to your questions, I would like to thank the Northrop Grumman team for delivering solid operational results with dedication and for severance. We have extraordinary talent, and this includes our leadership team. As we announced in November, Blake Larson, is retiring after a 40-year career with Northrop Grumman and its heritage companies. Blake has helped to position our space business for incredible growth and as important, a focus on performance and quality. We are grateful for his contributions to our company and our country. And I'd also like to welcome Tom Wilson to my leadership team as he succeeds Blake. Tom brings strong experience in the space market. He was part of the Space team, and I'm confident in his ability to lead this business. So with that, we'll go ahead and open the call up for questions. Natalia, back to you.
Kathy Warden: There are similar issues to what we flagged in the third quarter of last year, and they are related largely to labor availability in our own workforce as well as what we're seeing in our suppliers. And when I talk about labor availability, that's really with the Delta variant in the late part of the third quarter, early part of the fourth quarter and then Omicron again in the late part of the fourth quarter and now early part of 2022. We see higher levels of absenteeism. We -- our employee safety is our first priority. We encourage people to be out of work if they're experiencing any symptoms, and we also isolate people who have been in close contact. And so as a result, absenteeism has been higher in these surges, and it has an impact, particularly in our high-rate, high-volume production lines where people are in closer proximity and where whole work cells might be impacted if we have 1 person sick or out. And so that's why you see it more pronounced in our aeronautic sector because that's where we have really only 1 high-rate, high-volume production program, the F-35. And we've talked specifically about the impact to that program. Across the rest of the business, it's not that we aren't experiencing the same conditions, but we're able to mitigate them better, and you see less of a pronounced impact in any 1 period. But certainly, we would have expected to see a stronger fourth quarter top line had we not experienced those 2 surges.
Kathy Warden: So we've taken a very comprehensive look, not only at our strategy, but our portfolio and assessed what that exposure is. I do want to be clear. We are a defense contractor. And so we are supporting global security missions, largely in areas of deterrents, but also inclusive of weapon systems. And we expect to continue in those businesses because we believe they actually promote global human rights proliferation, not the contrary. But with that said, we have evaluated some portions of our portfolio that I've talked about in the past like cluster munitions. And today, making the confirmation that we plan to exit depleted uranium ammo as parts of the portfolio that we no longer wanted to support directly.
Kathy Warden: So GBSD has been a significant component of space business growth in the last 2 years, and we expect that to start to level out. But GBSD continues to be a growth element in space for the foreseeable. But with that said, you're right to point out that there was significant growth in the rest of the base portfolio as well. Balancing about 50-50 with GBSD and contributing last year, and we expect that same trend to continue this year with the $1 billion or so of sales growth that we're projecting in space. And that really is broad-based growth. It's coming from all areas of the business, the propulsion, satellites as well as components. It's coming from both restricted and classified work as well as unclassified work and it's coming from a variety of customers, the new pace for COS Air Force as well as NASA as I highlighted today. So we really are seeing space growth be quite balanced, even in 2023 or 2022, but even more so as we look forward to 2023. And we expect it to continue to be one of, if not the fastest-growing sector for the foreseeable future.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Ron, and thanks for that question because we've talked a good bit about the headwinds in our HALE portfolio. And that's coming off of production of Global Hawk, which was not only for the U.S. Air Force, with several international customers; and then Triton, which is still early in its production. And those headwinds were the plateauing more of Triton and the production pause and then the Global Hawk phasing out. But the reality is autonomous systems are still an important part of both the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy strategies going forward as well as an important asset in the portfolio for our international customers. So we see that market is continuing to evolve. With some specificity to your question, I mentioned earlier in this call that the U.S. Air Force Secretary Kendall has recently been more specific about launching some new efforts in unmanned systems within the Air Force, and we do see those as opportunities that we will pursue. So there's starting to be some more meat on the bones as to what those specific opportunities will be. We do see the market as continuing to be attractive.
Kathy Warden: Part of what you are asking is what is our outlook. And while we're not going to provide specific numbers, as Dave said, I'll point you to some of the comments that I made. We expect continued top line growth in this business beyond 2022. And we expect the earnings expansion. And so those are factored in, both to our 2023 and 2024 expectations for cash. And you can draw some conclusion that we see an accelerated growth profile going from '23 into '24 on earnings. And that would be a fair assumption to make as well based on what we've outlined for you.
Kathy Warden: Doug, when we were looking at this a few years ago, I would say our expectations were more balanced between space and missile. And what we've seen is space has outperformed our expectations. Missiles has been more in line to date with expectations, maybe not as much opportunity as we project out into the out-years, but space is more than offsetting that. And we feel we've gotten a return on investment. I will say that we continue to be a strong merchant supplier in the missiles space. And so as that market continues to grow and expand -- and we do expect it will, particularly in hypersonics, we are partnered with the larger weapons providers to provide them important components of those weapon systems. And so we, by no means, believe that our return on investment is not maturing in the weapons space. It's just maturing more quickly and more significantly in space.
Kathy Warden: So Noah, if I look at that business, we continue to layer in new development work. We talked about a few of those things today: the glide phase interceptor, the NGI program. And so it's not just the GBSD phenomena that is causing that mix headwind. But as GBSD transition from a development phase even into the early stages of production, we would expect to see that be the biggest driver in a tailwind to margin rate. And that happens around the middle of the decade. In the meantime, that business continues to perform exceptionally well, and the margin rate for our space business are very solid in comparison to others. So we're really pleased with that performance as we ingest all of this development work and believe that we can maintain those rates in line with what we have projected for 2022 and see increases towards the middle of the decade.
Kathy Warden: At the company level, Cai, what we are seeing is continued growth on the top line and margin expansion opportunity. But just as we've demonstrated, right, we've seen 40 basis points of improvement going from '20 to '21. As we look at 2022, we're holding that range constant with where we ended 2021, and that's largely because we have offset these mix pressures as we've brought more development work into the portfolio. And so what we are suggesting is that, that would continue to be the case until we move the mix more in the direction of production. But we are having performance improvements and cost efficiencies that are providing tailwinds on margin rates. So you would expect us to continue to work those levers even with this current mix, and we see opportunity for margins even as we look into 2023.
Kathy Warden: I'll start with your question about year '22 awards and backlog expectations. We do not expect to have book-to-bill of 1 in 2022. We see fewer new competitive opportunities this year. It's just timing. And we also see fewer multiyear awards, with the exception being the AS F-35 award, which has pushed into this year. We tend not to focus so much on singular year book-to-bill but instead a longer-term view because we have so many multiyear awards. And as Dave mentioned, when we look at the last 3 years, our average book-to-bill was 1.22. So it established a really strong foundation for us to continue to grow. As we look at this year, we still expect to end this year with 4-year then trailing average of over 1.1. So it just gives you a sense that we expect to not only have a strong backlog, but an average book-to-bill that continues to support the growth that we are outlining into the future.
Kathy Warden: Yes. And let me just start with this past year. We had the IT services divestiture, which generated cash that we also deployed back into the business, as we committed we would. And so that's what drove that higher level of capital deployment opportunity even above our free cash flow in 2021. As we're looking forward, when we talk about majority of our cash being returned to shareholders, we talked about at least $1.5 billion of share repurchase this year, and that is against the $2.6 billion at the midpoint or so of our guide in free cash flow. So -- and of course, dividends on top of that, which we have committed to continue paying competitive dividend, which our Board will take up again early this year. So that gives you a sense of what we mean by majority. There's also opportunity in that we have paid down debt and really solidified our balance sheet. So we currently have a cash balance that's higher than what we have stated our target to be, which is around $2 billion. And so that gives us some flexibility as we look at not only 2022 but beyond as well. And we really don't have any major debt tranches coming due. We have 1 in 2023 that we've outlined, but we have flexibility on whether to refinance or to pay that at this point based on where our credit rating sits. So that's how we're thinking about capital deployment.
Kathy Warden: It gets a little higher over the next couple of years, never significantly out of balance with that 50-50 ratio. And then in 2025 is when we expect it to start to shift in the other direction.
Kathy Warden: So as we look at our classified portfolio, just as we do on all of our programs, we incorporate those low-rate, initial production lots that were priced into our estimate-at-complete process. And so we're looking at that on an ongoing basis. That risk is not only being monitored, but reflected in our financial statements based on expectations as we know them today. And so the production experience that we have, even early on in test aircraft and such, all inform how we think about those low-rate initial production lots.
Kathy Warden: So not at a particular program level, but we do talk about that in aggregate. And so as I said, our balance, even in aeronautics being specific to the sector, is about 50-50. And we expect that to continue to be the case in 2022. So I think we are out of time. I'm going to go ahead and wrap up. Thanks again for joining us today. Again, I wanted to thank our team also for another strong year in 2021 and for positioning us so well for 2022 and beyond. We had solid performance, and our innovation and investments are positioning us to continue delivering the products that our customers want with the urgency that they need. So thanks again for your support. We look forward to talking to you in April.
David Keffer: I think you covered it well, Kathy. I think our '22 outlook is consistent both in the mid-single-digit decline and the sources of that decline with what we talked about in recent calls. As you pointed out, we expect 23 to be more stable and have growth opportunities beyond that. The other thing I'd point out is we're very focused on managing the business well in the meantime, cost management, managing our capital expenditures. And so we're focused on execution on delivery every day in that business and looking to optimize that outlook.
David Keffer: Doug, it's Dave. I'm happy to dig into that. I appreciate the question. I think you'll find today's outlook is consistent again with what we had projected at a higher level on our October call. I think it's important to provide some context when we talk about our free cash flow outlook over these next few years. Our CAS pension reimbursements were over $800 million just 2 years ago in 2020, and we were projecting them to reach $1 billion by this point in 2020. After new legislation and a couple of years of fantastic asset returns, that CAS reimbursement is now really just a de minimis benefit to us along with much improved funded status on the pension side. And that's the primary driver of the change over the last couple of years. But what that does for us is create a great foundation for us in '22 to build off of and grow more rapidly over the next few years. And that supports that 10-plus percent CAGR we've been talking about. So '21 free cash flow was around $3.1 billion. And as we talked about, CAS reimbursement is down almost $400 million in '22 from '21. The working capital assumption over the next year is roughly unchanged, similar in '23 before creating more opportunity in '24 and beyond. We talked a bit about the payroll tax deferral that ends with a payment in late '22. So that, too, creates a tailwind as we enter '23 and '24. And the other is around lower CapEx as we get into particularly '24 and beyond. So that, combined with the working capital opportunities we see from performance-based payment timing and incentive timing, really make us optimistic about that really strong CAGR over the next couple of years. Now of course, the corollary there is that puts us in a nice position to be able to return a healthy volume of cash to our shareholders. And we've noted on this call and others that, that remains our top priority for cash deployment over the next couple of years with $1.5 billion as our repo target in 2022, for example. So while I wouldn't read too carefully into a specific sales or margin target in these out-years related to cash, we'll get more into that guidance as we get closer to those years. Certainly, we'll look to continue to grow the company and deliver strong performance along the way.
David Keffer: Sure. Happy to. Like I mentioned, the 10-plus percent CAGR over the next couple of years really shows up particularly strongly in that 2024 time line. And it's for a couple of the reasons that we've described, and I'll go into a bit more detail on those. One is around our expectation of lower CapEx in 2024. We've talked about that coming down gradually as a percentage of sales, and we start to see that in our '22 and '23 guidance. As we get to '24, we expect that to continue to come down on a dollar basis and a percentage of sales as we see the level of demand for CapEx beginning to decline a bit further in '24. On the working capital side, we have quite a few programs, obviously, none of them of too much significance in the overall sales or balance sheet of the company. But when we aggregate all of that, we see more opportunity for working capital efficiency drives in that '24 time line than we do in '22 or '23, given the timing of some particular performance-based payments and milestones and incentives. So we're excited about the opportunity as we look at '24 and beyond for free cash improvement. And of course, for the flexibility that, that provides us on the deployment side as well. I mentioned the other factor earlier, which is more just the timing of the payroll tax deferral that we had as a benefit in 2020 that we're now paying half of in '21 and '22. So that's the only kind of unique item I'd add to that mix. Hope that helps.
David Keffer: I think that's a good way to characterize it. I think Kathy covered well our expectations for growth and performance over the next couple of years and these cash flow timing issues are layered onto that outlook.
David Keffer: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up question on that. I should note it's approximately 20% lower per year after 2022, not exactly given some of the idiosyncrasies in the timing and such. But think of that $1 billion in '22 potential coming down to about $800 million and $600 million over the next 2 years. As you can imagine, it eventually levels off and normalizes when we get to 2026 or so. So we are certainly still optimistic about resolving Section 174 through deferral or repeal. In the meantime, there continues to be good, broad bipartisan support for doing so. It's really just a matter of finding the right legislative vehicle. And of course, that has proven challenging so far. So that's why we wanted to give you a sense for that volume on today's call.
David Keffer: Right, exactly. In aggregate, I think the important headline here is we've had great working capital performance over the last couple of years. We project more stable working capital performance over the next couple of years before seeing that opportunity expand again in 2024. And I think that may be the summary of what you're seeing is after a couple of years of just outstanding working capital performance, especially in 2020, when we had things like the progress payment improvement and other tailwinds from the kind of industry perspective on cash. We're in a more normalized period in 2022 and 2023, before seeing that opportunity expand again in '24. So again, happy to follow up with that sometime. But I think that gives you a feel for it.
David Keffer: And then just briefly on the $1.7 billion CAS prepayment credit. We show you the next 3 years of current projections in a multi-decade future for our pension plans, both from a FAS and CAS perspective. And so wouldn't indicate that we'd expect that to be final or resolved over the next 3 years in this particular forecast period. We've got many, many years ahead of us there, a lot of market movement ahead of us there. But I think the bottom line on the pension side is we're really enthusiastic about the continued double-digit return performance in 2021, and that has put us at a better funded position than we've been at in many years. So really a good news story as of today on the pension side of things.
