Paul Gregory: Great. Thank you very much, Crystal. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Northrop Grumman's Second Quarter of 2011 Conference Call. We provided supplemental information in the form of a PowerPoint presentation that you can access at www.northropgrumman.com.  Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today's call constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings and include a new risk factor related to the resolution of the issues regarding the U.S. government's debt ceiling. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially.  During today's call, we'll discuss second quarter 2011 results and our financial guidance for 2011 for continuing operations.  On the call today are our CEO, Wes Bush, and our CFO, Jim Palmer.  With that, let’s go to Slide 3. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Paul Gregory: Okay. Thank you, Jim, for those kind comments. And with that, Crystal, I think we're ready to move on to questions and answers.
Paul Gregory: And we generally don't do a sort of detailed accounting on headcount because it's a little bit -- in many of respects, not as meaningful as we shipped on some programs from what's internal to what external. And so I'd be reluctant to point to headcount as a measure of the action. You have to have to think a little bit more perceptive approach to looking at that. But obviously, our headcount is down. But I would just caution, Jason, as you're looking to what other companies are doing, we could go out tomorrow and announce a big headcount reduction, but that just might mean that we shifted cost someplace else. And so you have to look at the total cost for it for that to be a meaningful discussion.
James Palmer: I think that's a little high. The way I look at it, it's about -- I'll call it in a range of $30 million, $31 million. And without that margin rates are probably about mid $14 million for the quarter.
James Palmer: Obviously, since you and I were intimately involved in that process, I totally agree. Yes, I would also just point out that as you all know in our business, most of our sales are coming out of our backlog. Incentivizing sales is really reaping the benefit out of the backlog. Incentives around new business capture is really capturing activities that occur in the current year. That's why we've moved to awards versus sales in the annual plan.
James Palmer: Doug, this is Jim. We have a chart in our posted material that reconciles the change in guidance. And basically 2 items, just call it CR or delays or budget pressures, the bigger item, $300 million; and then drawdowns. Our assumption, frankly, is that as we go into the 2012 budget year, we're going to end up in another CR. And so there is just a slowness or molasses in the system, if you would characterize it that way, because of the real uncertainty of what budgets are going to be. That's just taking longer to get stuff done. It will be helpful once we ultimately get beyond the debt ceiling conversations, get into a 2012 budget, whatever it is, certainty is better than uncertainty. But right where we're seeing this hesitancy to act in some cases because of the need or the potential need, perceived need to maybe save a few dollars for just in case, our budget is less than I'd anticipated.
James Palmer: I really don't expect anything to change in the business unit in the next 6 months or so, but I think it's also fair to say that the level of uncertainty that we are faced with, given those 2, what's going to happen with the budget, when are we going to get the debt ceiling issues resolved, all of those uncertainties are clearly greater than what we've dealt with over the last couple of years at this point in time. Well, I don't know if that's conservatism or whatever, but yes.
James Palmer: Cai, I would add that as we think about portfolio potentials, we tend to look at how well is the business performing, how well is the market performing, and how well are we positioned in the market to help us make decisions about whether or not that piece of the business is something that is really going to fit with our business on a go forward basis.
James Palmer: In terms of OCO exposure, actually, we're not that large. But Electronic Systems, in addition to OCO, does have some, as we said, sales to the army itself in the regular budgets. We have some exposure there, if you want to characterize it that way. I think what we're seeing is more on the OCO side at this point. But -- and as what we have said in the past, it's relatively nominal probably that drawdown we're seeing in our guidance is much of our-OCO type activities.
James Palmer: In the process of doing that we reduced our cost about a couple of hundred million dollars in each of those combined sectors.
James Palmer: I do agree that headcount is not the right measure. You can simply outsource activities or subcontract the activities. But headcount is down.
James Palmer: Okay. So at the beginning of the year, given those headcount reductions that we just talked about, from combining the sector operations, I had a concern that our demographics that went into our initial estimate of FAS/CAS would be light. And so, I essentially hedged what was our pension income for potential demographic changes. We've now have completed our update, the demographics headcount, age of the population, years of service, all of that kind of stuff. And as it turns out, there were some changes in demographics but there were other impacts that offset it. So the estimate for the FAS/CAS pension difference for the year is $400 million. Previously, I had an estimate of $355 million. It is essentially finalized in the demographics. In terms of pension sensitivities, we've talked about these in the past but probably needs -- I do need to update them for the impact of the Shipbuilding spends. So let me just go through those real quick. For every 25 basis points change in the discount rate, either upwards or downwards, that's about a $65 million impact to that FAS/CAS difference on a go-forward basis. Likewise, our investment returns for every hundred basis points difference between our long-term rate of return assumption, which as you guys know is 8.5%. So if we were 7.5% or we were at 9.5% of that 100 basis points, I'd say $35 million impact to net pension costs on a go-forward basis. Frankly at this point, it's way too early to try to call what 2012 was going to be. As you know we don't set the discount rate until December 31. I don't even look at what the discount rate would be today because it's meaningless. I do look at that sensitivity that we've talked about. And Sam, I think those with that sensitivity, you have a perspective on where this could go for next year.
James Palmer: It really is dependent upon actual purchases over time compared to the initial purchase price that was established which was an average cost of $64.17 through June. You'll see this in the Q when you get to Q. We're at an average cost of $65.02, as I recall. So at this point in time, if we just bought the rest of the shares at that $65.02, we owe on settlement, we would owe about $20 million or about 286,000 shares of stock. We have the ability, the option to sell in either cash or in stock, and obviously, we'll make those decisions once the program is completed. Probably in the third quarter sometime here.
Wesley Bush: Yes, Doug. It's Wes, let me just add. I do see in our interactions with our investment community, a desire to kind of get obviously, to get to the other side of this thing so that they have a better clarity around what their budgets are going to be and they can kind of get on with things. But until we kind of get to that place, I think we're going to see them continue, out of necessity, to hold back just a little bit to be able to sort through what this is all going to mean. As you know, with the arrival of our new secretary of defense Panetta and with the intersection of this budget challenge, the Pentagon is going through this mini QDR, they're calling it, to try and sort through how they really think about the military strategy and intersect that with their best understanding, as they can, of the budget realities. And I do think that there is some just sort of holdback in the system kind of waiting to see how that all sorts out. And you can hardly blame them. That's a very rational response to the situation. But I do see once we get through this, and I think it's going to take some time, as Jim pointed out, we're probably going to see another continuing resolution this year. I hope it's not as long as last year, but it's likely, given the challenges that everyone is facing up on the Hill, I think it's going to take a little bit of time. So if you detect us being a little bit conservative, it's because we're kind of seeing the dynamics of both the Hill community and the customer community with respect to what they're facing over the near-term. I do believe we're going to get to a point of more clarity around the budget here in the not-too-distant future which will enable the Pentagon to sort through its strategy. And we feel strongly when we come through that, the places where we're focused are going to be the places where priorities are being placed on investment. But if we're talking about the next few quarters here, I think we just need to recognize that this uncertainty can translate into where we are.
Wesley Bush: I would just say that we are aggressively working the cost equation in our company on every dimension. We obviously are, and I've mentioned this one in some of our prior calls, we're taking our corporate office size down about 25%, just in terms of headcount, just to quantify it a little bit as we're making the move. We are, and we have already made a number of reductions in headcount, primarily indirect headcount, across all of our sectors in the business. And we got out, I think, a little bit in front of that to make sure that we were doing the right things for an affordability equation over the last 2 years. But we're continuing to press on affordability very comprehensively. Some of that goes to our cost structure, in both organizational structure and our embedded cost. Some of that goes to the way we're managing our supply chain. And a lot of that goes to how we construct the offerings that we're putting forward to our customer community. We are a very innovative company and I would say historically, we've used that innovation to discriminate ourselves in terms of capability. We're going to continue to do that and one thing we're not going to do as we're cutting costs, we're not going to take the heart out of our investments for the future. But we are looking to redirect some of that innovation more towards affordability, not just capability. And I think that will help our positioning over time and I think it will help our customers as we bring forward ideas that will help deliver much of this capability for lower cost. So sometimes that's a difficult thing to get your head around because you become accustomed to a certain way of doing business. But comprehensively across the board, in our businesses, we are executing our business that way. I mentioned earlier Global Hawk, I think that's a good model. It's not a perfect model because it's not exactly the same set of issues as we see in other areas, but I think in terms of a model for how to work with the customer to really go after cost, it's a good lesson learned that we are applying broadly in the company.
Wesley Bush: We've been doing a lot of portfolio shaping. You might remember we divested TASC, you might remember that we spent out Shipbuilding, you might remember we decided to exit the State and Local IT Outsourcing business overtime...
Wesley Bush: And then we sold the EOS business, earlier this year we announced the reshaping of our Technical Services portfolio. So you might can tell we kind of like portfolio shaping. There's a lot that we've been doing, we think it can create a lot of value. And I think any healthy company is always carefully examining its portfolio to make sure that we're really focused on the right things for the future. I'm not going to try and get up in front of it with any predictions on other things we might be doing. I would just point to our behavior over the past couple of years and characterize that as indicative of the way we think about value creation.
Wesley Bush: Yes, absolutely. And let me characterize the international environment broadly as well so that there is kind of a good perspective on this. There are a number of areas around the globe, they're cutting back defense spending. And we have to be mindful of that when we think about our strategies and how we're positioning. There are other areas around the globe that not only are investing in defense but are kind of reshaping their priorities. And as we look at some of that reshaping that's going on, we are seeing a move into some of the areas where we do have, I would say, more discriminating capabilities. As I mentioned on some of our prior calls, one of the key factors in this for us is exportability. And I have welcomed those to have others in our industry, really welcomed the work that this administration is doing to stand back and take, I think, a more sensible approach to thinking about how we manage defense exports in our country. That has enabled us and others, I would say in our industry, to start having a little bit more expansive discussions with some of our allied partners around the globe on the potential for exporting some of our more modern capabilities. And I just point Unmanned as an example of that. As we've been thinking about the needs of our partners -- and what's interesting to me about this is if you go over into the field of operation, our partners are using these systems all the time, side-by-side with us. And so recognizing that reality, as we're thinking about export, I think is very important. But if I think about Unmanned for just a moment, we're seeing a growing interest in Global Hawk around the globe. And Fire Scout is another area of substantial interest. And that those areas of interest are both, I would characterize it in the Middle East, and throughout our partners, our allies in Asia, the Pacific rim. So that's an example. And we're continuing to focus our International business to Electronic Systems and IS and a little bit through TS as well. But I would say, perhaps, an interesting change to reflect on is what we're seeing in Aerospace Systems, primarily with Unmanned, but also the Manned systems, the E-2D program and, of course, we're big players on FA-18 and Joint Strike Fighter. So this will be a little bit lumpy around the globe but just because the customers are all different around the globe. Every country has its own set of priorities. But I would say compared to where we were just a few years ago, we're seeing a lot more forward-looking opportunity at Aerospace Systems than we have been seeing.
Wesley Bush: Well, I would say most of what we've seen came onto the market of late has had an extraordinarily high multiple attached to it. But we do look. We're going to be very disciplined about how we approach this. It's important for us to look, it's important for us be engaged in assessing what's out there in the market so that if there are opportunities to create value, we're going to be addressing those opportunities. But I think you will see us being disciplined.
Wesley Bush: As I've said a couple of times recently, I believe our long-term margin rate guidance, that we talked about through each of the 4 sectors are sustainable over the long term.
Wesley Bush: Yes. Just again, thanks for joining us on the call today. As we go forward, we're going to continue our strategic focus on making sure that we are driving performance with outstanding execution in our company. As we talked about today, shaping our portfolio continues to be an important part of our strategy, and of course, our capital deployment strategy, returning cash to shareholders, is also critical to our overall approach to driving EPS improvements over time. So thanks, everyone, for your interest in our company. Thanks again for joining us today. Goodbye.
