Stephen Movius: Thanks, Dienna, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's first quarter 2012 conference call. We provided supplemental information in the form of a PowerPoint presentation, which you can access at www.northropgrumman.com.  Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today's call constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially. On the call today are our Chairman and CEO, Wes Bush; and our CFO, Jim Palmer. At this time, please go to Slide 3. And I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Stephen Movius: Thanks, Jim. [Operator Instructions] So Dienna, at this time, we are ready to begin the Q&A process.
Stephen Movius: Well, thank you. This ends our Q&A session. And at this point in time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Wes for closing comments.
James F. Palmer: Joe, I don't think there's any change in this quarter in the overall mix of the business or the international versus domestic content of the business. As I said in my comments, we continue to work really hard on our risk management process and affordability initiatives, the roughly $60 million of cume catch-up adjustments that I've highlighted in my comments were spread across a number of contracts, about15 contracts, none of which were individually significant. So I just -- it's just real good blocking and tackling and managing the business.
James F. Palmer: As I said, first of all, CAS harmonization has nothing to do with funding. How much we have to fund in their plan it's all based on the PPA rates. If we -- and I'm aware of, of potential for a relaxation around those rates, I would expect that if we do see legislation to relax, that would move towards a longer-term view of those rates rather than essentially what is a average over the last 24 months in the current PPA legislation or rules. So all of that should result, assuming we get that relaxation, in a lower required contribution in 2013.
James F. Palmer: Rob, again, as I said, none of them were, in my view, material. I mentioned the $60 million that was made up of about 15 contracts. Frankly, if we look at the whole cume catch-up adjustment process, there's probably hundreds, maybe even thousand contracts, that are adjusted every quarter. So I stand by my comments. I just don't think that any of them were individually significant and the team has been real disciplined in the management process, the risk management process. And don't lose sight of the importance of the affordability initiatives that we have undertaken that has an impact on our forward margin overhead rates, which are important element of the operating performance in each individual contract. It is really essentially doing what you are supposed to do in managing your business.
James F. Palmer: I'm going to go back to Wes' answer to Howard's comments. We have really focused our team around managing the business, being prudent managers of the risk in the business and driving the organization, incentivizing the compensation of the organization to be well aligned with those management objectives. And we have the hearts and minds of the team. And we're really working hard on that overall risk management process and it's a difficult environment. It's getting increasingly difficult as we go through the last couple of years. But our team has really responded well.
James F. Palmer: Myles, I tend to think about it in terms of the overall margin rates for each of the sectors than the company, as opposed to x amount of cume catch-up adjustments. And frankly, cume catch-up adjustments is one of the factors in the margin rates, but it is not the only factor. It is the resulting margin rate that we recognize on a go-forward basis after those adjustments as well. So I don't think you can put a number on that. It's more important to look at the overall margin rate of the business.
James F. Palmer: I tend to frankly think about those as targets through the cycle of the business. We do, as Wes mentioned earlier, spend a lot of time looking at our historical performance, our competitors' performance, our peers' performance. You can look at our performance in the past and some of our peers. We've been below and above those long-term sustainable targets. But again, given my background experience, looking across the industry at our major peers, I think they represent, as I said, sustainable margin rates through the cycle. There are times when individual organizations who have margin rates better than those and worse than those. Clearly, we have -- we're incentivized to try to drive our organization to perform as best that we can. We're being very conscious about the actions we take to manage our costs; to improve the affordability of our products; to manage the risk in our contracts; to make good, prudent contract decisions upfront. My experience tells me it's very difficult to overcome a bad contract. So we make, as Wes mentioned, earlier very prudent decisions about contract terms and conditions and estimates of costs when we enter into those contracts. So it's just the whole management process around the nature of our business.
James F. Palmer: George, you're calling me conservative. In all honesty, George, if we knew that we were going to have earnings adjustments, we would be booking them today. So the nature of the process again is to manage the business. You need to continue to drive affordability across the organization. That goes to our cost, how well our suppliers perform, whether or not there are issues that we have to address from that side, the overall contract. Yes, the business is more difficult. Maybe that influences my view on what could happen here in terms of overall margins, but -- and I stand by my earlier comments. The team is really working hard, first of all, to make sure that we have an affordable cost structure; to be innovative in how we manage, not only the production process, the engineering process, all of which have an impact on affordability or the cost of the products. And again the management process around good deals to begin with is really important.
Wesley G. Bush: And Joe, I would add if you look at our projection for the year for Electronics, it basically suggests that the remainder of the year will be operating closer to the rates that Jim has talked about extensively in the past.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, as I said, our guidance does not anticipate that our customer community would take any extraordinary actions at the end of the year. Should they do so, obviously, that could be an impact to us and everybody in our industry. I think, to put this in a broader context, my sense of the situation is those on the Hill that are putting some time and energy into this are thinking about it very responsibly. They recognize that allowing sequestration to occur would simply have a devastating impact on the ability of the Department of Defense and other government agencies to support the security of our country. And it would have clearly a very negative impact on the defense industrial base. And so, there is a lot of discussion, a lot of debate around how to deal with this ugly situation now. Despite all of those good intentions, as you point out, we are in election year, and I think the general view is it's going to be hard to see something meaningful happen in advance of the election. So calling it now on exactly how that's going to come out is difficult, and because it's difficult to call it, everyone that's on the receiving end of this, including our customer community and ourselves, are sort of forced into the situation of having to plan contingency plans for the possibility of this very terrible thing actually happening. So that's what we're doing from our side of the equation here in our company. We're thinking through, if this would actually get triggered, how would we respond. And that has a number of dimensions. It has a number of dimensions on the contractual side and it certainly has a number of dimensions on all of the components of the operations within our company. So it's not just a broad brush. It's work our way through it step at a time. And I think part of the challenge, and I'm sure you've heard others in our industry speak on this, that probably no one in government can be prepared for if sequestration is actually implemented as is currently mandated, the department will have actually little discretion on many things that it has to do with respect to the line item budgets. Translating that into contract actions is going to be very, very difficult and the response that industry will have to provide on those contract actions will, I think, throw the department into great turmoil and result in bills being sent in for actions on contracts that no one has planned for. So this whole idea that this was supposed to be a so terrible of an outcome that would force Congress to not go there, I hope that turns out to be the case because the consequences are very substantial. But we are, as I'm sure others in our industry are doing, getting ready so that we can respond to that effectively, do it in a way that hopefully helps our customers work their way through it, but also protects the integrity as much as we can in that situation, the integrity of our ability to perform our mission. It's a fairly comprehensive process.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, it's Wes. I would say that going into the year, as we were formulating our guidance, we do what I think you should expect of us, which is to look at the whole array of possible outcomes from a budgeting perspective and really think our way through that in our guidance. And so I think if you look at how the outcomes are abounded and once we actually did see the President's budget, it fit pretty well within the range that we expected. So we don't like all of those outcomes, of course, and as you know, there are many of them that we are working very diligently with our broad customer community to address. But so far, I think what we're seeing works with the guidance that we gave.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, I would say when we look at the military strategy that the Department of Defense, and in fact the President went over to DoD and himself introduced the new military strategy at the beginning of the year, when you go through that very carefully, it's clear that the range of missions that will be the priorities as we go forward and Asia Pacific gets a lot of attention in that regard and deservedly so, but if you look at the full range of missions, that the need for unmanned capability from our perspective is going to continue to grow. It is clearly the wave of the future. We'll go through some bumps of implementation and acceptance, if you will, in terms of which missions get translated over to unmanned on what time line. But I don't think there's anything that, actually over time, will hold that back. It is clearly the most efficient, and I would say cost-efficient as well, to address one of the points you made before, ways of doing a mission. It represents a much more manageable risk profile for the country. And just from a pure technological superiority perspective, with respect to our long-term defense aspirations as a nation, unmanned is the right answer. So we continue to see this as a very robust business. We continue to invest in it to ensure that we maintain our strength in this marketplace. And we really like the breadth of our portfolio, ranging from some very small little unmanned vehicles that we produce up through the rotary-wing capabilities to medium class and all the way up to the full scale Global Hawk and then BAMS. And when you look at even the ongoing discussions around the Global Hawk platform and its derivative on the Navy side, the strength of the commitment, particularly by the Navy BAMS, I think, reinforces our perspective.
Wesley G. Bush: Okay, I get it. I think that's kind of 2 perspectives. One is as we set the annual goals for our performance, we do market benchmarking on those. And I think you've heard me describe before as we have been focusing on our performance within our company, we don't want to just be grading ourselves against ourselves in terms of performance improvement against where we've been. We really want to be measuring ourselves against the marketplace, which is what, of course, all of those who are thinking about holding our shares are doing. And so that is something we go through on an annual basis. We look very carefully at market performance and we set our targets on that basis. This has been a little bit of a change, and most companies or many companies set their annual targets based on their plan. And that is, I'm sure, a very good discipline in many respects. For us, it was my view and the view of the board, and quite frankly, the view of our leadership team that, that wasn't just the way we wanted to look at it. We really wanted to hold ourselves accountable to perhaps a little bit higher standard. So on an annual basis, we take a hard look at each of the metrics, both our financial and our nonfinancial metrics as well. We do a lot of benchmarking to make sure we have a good sense of where we are and where we want to go and we drive our metrics on that basis. The other piece of this is also on a long-term basis and you may also be referring to that. Our performance shares, that are the grants to our officers and our company, have a component to them that is measured on TSR. And of course, that's a relative measure against a couple of different benchmarks that we have in the industry. So the whole idea here is if we're committed to improving, it needs to be improving relative to how the marketplace is doing.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, yes. I think it drives thinking across the whole array of decisions that we make as a leadership team. Clearly, we've been doing a lot of work on portfolio shaping across our portfolio. Some of that has been, I would say, more strategic in nature with respect to what actually fits and where there's real synergy. But some of it has been around what businesses do we really want to be in if we're not able to get the returns out of them, that we expect of the investments we make and obviously we think our shareholders should expect. So whether it's our decisions to whether to bid or not bid on a particular contract or our decision as to whether we want to be in a business or not be in a business, we're -- quite frankly, when we're looking at making our asset investments internally, we have that same mindset as well in that regard. So it's comprehensive. As everyone knows, when you create a way of measuring within a company, you're basically deciding what it is you value. And people respond to that, good people respond to that, and I'm proud of our team.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, Cai, as I mentioned in my remarks, dividend is very, very important to us. We do treat it as a long-term commitment to our shareholders and we think about it very carefully. And your right in with respect to our timing, we normally go through this kind of in the May time frame. I don't want to be in a position of getting ahead of that discussion that we're going to have. That's a discussion that's not complete within the company yet, certainly not with the board and we're going to go through that when we get together. But as I said in my remarks, we do like the relative weighting towards share repurchase that we've had in the past. I think that has served us well. And our guidance this year contemplates a reduction in shares outstanding, about 9%. So -- and that's all sort of to give you a little bit of illumination in our thinking. But as a company, we, I think, established a good, solid track record of looking at our dividend each year and having some movement in our dividend. So as I said, I don't want to get ahead of the discussion, but that's kind of a reflection of our history and our thinking.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, it's part of the discussion that we go through each year. And I said, you can kind of look back at our history and see where that's come out in the past. But I really -- I think I've said all I have to say on that one given that we're kind of in the middle of thinking our way through it. So we'll have more to say, obviously, once we get to a decision on it.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, I would also reflect back on our discussions on sustainable margin rates. When we look at the future, and quite frankly that's informed by the past as well, broadly across industry, we talked a lot about the sustainable rates that we expect that we can be achieving in each of our businesses. We've not changed any of those perspectives in our discussions. And as we go through the process of managing the risk out of individual programs, we will find places and opportunities where we see these nice opportunities to recognize that risk mitigation. One of our biggest activities in our company that's underway for a number of years was to really drive an increased level of discipline in the decisions we make getting into the contracts. And so, as we're able to trim out of our portfolio, either through managing the risk out of it or actually deciding not to take on some contracts that don't have as good a return opportunity, that clearly has helped us. And if you look back over the last 3 or 4 years, that's helped us a lot in terms of our performance level. But if your question is really more forward-looking, I think the descriptions that we've used around the sustainable margin rates that are sort of inherent in the businesses, assuming that we're operating them effectively, it's a good way of thinking about our company.
Wesley G. Bush: I think what you're going to see first and foremost from our industry and certainly from our company is an absolute commitment to support our customers full throttle, and we're doing that. We take on contracts and those are commitments that we make. So we will not do anything that will impair our ability to support our customers and execute those contracts with every ounce of efficiency and focus on meeting our commitments that we can possibly bring to the table. And that's what our customers are doing, too, I would say. If you look at how the department is operating today, even with this ugly cloud that's out there on the horizon, the department has not backed off from conducting its mission around the globe. And I think we all have to admire that behavior on the part of the Department of Defense and the other government agencies that are having to operate with this uncertainty hanging over their heads. So we're all going to be going through what I'll describe as a planning process and a contingency process so that we are ready to take action, we're not having to figure out should it actually occur. But in a broad sense, I think it would be irresponsible of us to take actions that would somehow slow down or impair the ability of our company to meet our commitments. So that's the way we're thinking about it.
Wesley G. Bush: It's not really been a significant part of our thinking around dividend. Our dividend thinking has been more shaped by the parameters that I described a little bit earlier. The dividend, when you look at dividend as a total part of our cash deployment, it's not the live-or-die part of our cash deployment.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Jason, let me give you a quick update. Global Hawk, sort of broadly across the blocks of Global Hawk, all right, is continuing to provide absolutely superior mission performance around the globe. And as I mentioned in one of my earlier remarks, as we see an increasing focus in Asia Pacific, the notion of unmanned systems with long duration and extraordinary time on station really, really makes a lot of sense and we can see it in terms of the eagerness with which the men around the globe are utilizing the Global Hawks they have today and looking forward to the Global Hawks that they see coming down the line. With respect to the Block 30 issue that was illuminated in an earlier question, we are continuing to execute the contracts on Global Hawk Block 30, continuing to demonstrate strong contract performance. And we are working closely with the Air Force to sort out the path forward for that particular segment of the overall Global Hawk enterprise. I think you also asked about the Fire Scout. Fire Scout continues to, overall as a program, do very well with accumulated greater than, I think, it's 5,000 flight hours at this point and more than 3,000 of those are on operational deployment. There were 2 incidents over the past number of weeks and we're working closely with the Navy in their investigations on those incidents to really make sure we've got down to root cause and get that nailed down. I think if you've been following it, you saw that the Navy just recently stated that they do not believe that there were any systemic issues, but we really want to sort through that and make sure we've got all of the issues nailed down. We did just receive the ATP on the new Fire Scouts, the MQ-8Cs, and we got started off with 2 demo of the 8Cs as well as 6 production units. So we're continuing to see strong support for Fire Scout and the unique mission capability that it brings.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, George, just one other little piece I would add to that is, as I said in my remarks and I know Jim did in his as well, we're working very aggressively on cost reduction in our enterprise. And we need to do that to support what our customer's needs are, particularly as their acquisition strategies have shifted more towards the low-cost, technically acceptable approach. We need to do that to be competitive for the long term. As we take costs out, there is always an opportunity for that to better support contracts that are already underway, but as you know, in our industry, when we go to compete and whenever we go through a new contract negotiation, the costs we've taken out becomes the baseline for new contracts. So that's also the part of our thinking as we look at sustainability and margin rates in our industry going forward.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, I think that, ultimately, the customers are focused on affordability. And that's the price they're paying per unit. And in fact, if you listen very carefully to what is being said at the highest levels of the Pentagon, they feel good and they are able to enter into a contract that they deem, through their own analysis, to be very affordable. Clearly, it needs to meet the regulations of DFAR, but contracts that really incentivize contractor performance. And what you're seeing, and when we're talking about making positive adjustments, you're seeing contractor performance and that translates into benefits for the customer. They're getting what they're wanting out of these contracts. So to the extent that we are performing and making good margins, I think there's a lot of support for that particularly when it means that we are, in part, doing that because we are becoming even more cost competitive and we're supporting the future affordability of the defense industrial base. So yes, our customer's under a lot of pressure and not every action that's being taken in response to that pressure or actions that we like, of course. But I think, philosophically, and I base this on the direct statements that come out of the seniors in our customer community and I think these are very, very honest and direct statements, they like it when we perform on contracts and they're willing to have contracts that motivate us to do that.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Steve. Well, I'll just wrap up by saying once again we really appreciate all of your interest in our company. We are continuing to focus on our key priorities as we've talked a lot about here: driving on performance, deploying our cash effectively and optimizing our portfolio for the future. Thanks, everyone.
