Kathy Warden: Rob, thanks for the questions. So as we look at the profile going forward for B-21 as we've noted before, we are not planning to have margin from the LRIP contracts. So when I talk about our Merchant projections going forward and anticipate that I will remind you we still have the risk factor associated with B-21 as we look at inflationary impact. In the quarter, we did receive notification that the DOD has allocated $60 million for B-21 LRIP procurement due to inflationary impact and we expect that to be awarded later this year. But keep in mind, this only applies to the one fiscal year it's associated with FY ’23 and we continue to work closely with the government on an effort to address the impacts of macroeconomic disruptions. With regard to your question about F-18. Yes, our projections also incorporate the wind down of the F-18 production line. We have been anticipating that it is built into our plans if we think about our production profile over time, that mix is being driven not just with aerospace programs like B-21, transitioning to production and F-35 continuing to grow. It is built on our entire portfolio. All four of our segments will see programs shifting from development to production in that timeframe and that mix shifting. Okay, then just a quick follow up on the HALO program. Could you clarify if this is a fixed price development program or if it doesn't, has a different contractual structure? Thank you.
Kathy Warden: It is a fixed price program. We had worked with the government in a cost plus structure through the preliminary design review. So we had a more mature design before transitioning into a fixed price contract structure. And as I noted in my comments, we’re being even more disciplined moving forward in ensuring that we work with the government to have the appropriate use of fixed price contracts. We think that is best applied for commercial items or production programs with stable requirements in mature design is it's turning out on the HALO program. The requirements are not as stable as we or the government anticipated. And we're working with them to address that change management as we go forward.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Rich. Yes, before the government officially announced the program and they're intend to issue the RFP we had been quiet. But we have notified the U.S. Air Force that we're not planning to the NGAD RFP as a prime. We are responding to other bidders request for proposal as a supplier that's particularly in our mission systems portfolio. And as I noted in my remarks, we are remaining disciplined in assessing the right programs to pursue. And that's ones where we feel we're well positioned with a mature offering. And with the business deal reflects an appropriate balance of risk and reward for both the customer and the industrial base. So the [novice] decision on this program doesn't impact our path to sales and earnings growth at [NGAD] we have a strong backlog in that sector and we have other opportunities and military aircraft that we are pursuing.
Kathy Warden: Well, I'll just say that, when I noted we have other opportunities we are pursuing. I won't disclose at this point exactly what those are a little more information comes out on other programs. But you could assume that if we feel we're well positioned, and the government is appropriately balancing risk and reward as I said that that would be a program we would pursue.
Kathy Warden: Oh, Kristine, certainly your words, not mine. But we do feel that discipline has served us well in the past and selecting how much risk to take and what to pursue. And we've learned lessons from some of our own experience as well. So we are applying those as we think about what to bid and what not to bid going forward. And that is critical to us, expanding our margins back to what investors expect of this company. And it's the three factors I mentioned. But the discipline, and ensuring we have the right combination of risk reward is important. And it's not just important for us to be able to meet our commitments to investors, but for the entire industrial base to remain healthy, so that we can have industrial base that investors want to invest in.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Doug, we do expect that to be the case, the government will look at the actual that we have experienced and the inflationary pressures are absolutely showing up not only in labor but material which then provide us the basis to work with the government and negotiate half of those hire, half in the future contract.
Kathy Warden: I expect that the budget will need to incorporate these higher costs to the extent that inflation exceeds the growth of the overall budget, they could of course be supplemental or priority. Will be made in terms of what the government will buy. We've already seen for the government happening to reduce quantities on program from their anticipated level which you address the higher cost coming in based on the inflation and we expect that to continue for the foreseeable future as the contracts come up for renewal.
Kathy Warden: So, a good bit of the growth has been and continue this year to come from two programs: GBSD and MGI. We have talked about that been approximately half of the growth and the other half coming from a broad set of programs but most notably our national security portfolio which is about 80% of our overall revenue in the space business. And the margin profile is similar across those businesses with early space development being lower margin as we shift into production there like we talked about earlier on the call will present the opportunity for space margins to continue to expand. But we're really pleased with the 9% that we're seeing there. Obviously we work to get that closer to 10% through the work that we're doing, there is some performance. And in the longer-term is mix as seen and have the part potential to go even higher. But when you look at 9% for a business, that is the door, that type of growth and been able to continue to manage through the disruption of the macroeconomic environment. We feel like we're in a good place.
Kathy Warden: Yes, thanks for the question. So, this is in regards to Sentinel or GBSD as many of you know it. And there was a GAO report that's focused schedule pressure. We've been talking about that and the U.S. Airforce has as well as we have seen disruption in supply that has flowed through to schedule pressure on the program. We're in the process of working with the Airforce on looking to optimize the schedule to see what we can pull outward obviously it's shifting right and how we can maintain the initial operating capability day which is the primary focus of the government, so that we cannot place those missiles in silos as anticipated later in the decade.
Kathy Warden: So, overall the space business is performing very well. We certainly have pockets on certain programs that we are focused on continuing to improve the disciple around tower managing those efforts along with the customer. And so, I don’t see space as majorly different than any other segments of our business in terms of risk profile aside from mix. Certainly there is more risk in development programs and that's why we generally have where our margin rate coming out of development. But as space has transitioned programs to later stage developments in production, their performance has out solid the rest of the business and we expect that to continue.
Kathy Warden: So, I'll start and then turn it to Dave. As I think about margin profile, we do expect the second half of this year to be stronger than the first half and based on our guide you could expect us to see that progress that we have largely from macroeconomic disruptions dissipating through the year to continue into 2024. The mix shift that I focus is more gradual. I talked about that shift toward 60% fixed price in 2027, so you could think of that as a progression through 2024 to those later years. And so, we're not going to guide today around 2024. We will provide just some more specifics as the year progresses and certainly at the beginning of the year next year. But you could think of it as a steady progression of improvement not a dramatic change from where we've been performing this year.
Kathy Warden: Kathy, so you're -- the growth rates accelerated a little bit faster in '23 than you had initially anticipated. As we think about '24 with AES returning to growth and I assume space growth slowing a little bit. Would you expect topline growth in a similar range or is it possible that we could still see an acceleration next year overall for the company evolve. Thanks.
Kathy Warden: Right. So, we're really pleased with the progress that we've seen this year, our sales guidance increasing at space and TS and our other two sectors continuing to see progression towards their growth objectives as well. As we think about this year, a good portion of that growth is the strong backlog that we developed and continued win of competitive bid. Part of it too though is what we've been talking about with the phenomena of having supplier deliveries to late last year and starting to come in this year having ramped our headcount significantly in the latter part of last year and early part of this year, is contributing to growth rate. Those elements you wouldn’t think of as it continued, it was a bit of at that wave that we've now seen come into this year. But the growth based on backlog performance and new winds, we do expect to continue into next year and its better see another year of healthy growth in 2024.
Kathy Warden: So, the remainder of backlog on B-21 is relatively small because what's in backlog is the EMD program completion. Production has yet to be awarded, so the lots we've been talking about is how to get to the first slot of production and contract later this year. But of course, it is priced and so that is a contractual commitment, but we have not yet been awarded it, so it's not showing up in backlog. Programs that are a significant amount of that backlog, our program like Sentinel, a sizable program that was awarded in 2020 or 2021 and is going to carry forward for several more years as part of that EMD program and backlog. And there are several others, but none that rise to that level. But I will remind you that Sentinel program is a cost plus program.
Kathy Warden: Yes, so as you think about the transition that the space market has undergone to where we had few large and exquisite assets, those were largely developed under cost plus and then transition to production but in low quantity, now we're seeing much less dollars go into development, and then a transition into production of higher quantity. So that mix will be different in terms of development versus production in the market as a whole. In addition, when you think about our portfolio and what's in our space segment, it includes things like solid rocket motors, particularly large solid rocket motors, it includes programs like Sentinel that will transition into production, and programs like [indiscernible] that we've talked about so as those transitions happen again, specifically now to our portfolio, not just the market in general for space, we've seen mix shift that will be tailwinds to margin over time.
Kathy Warden: We consider it with each opportunity, just as I discussed in Alpha process around military aircraft, we don't have a blanket, we will do this and we won't do that we think about each opportunity in terms of its risk profile. The maturity of our designs and offerings at the time that we're being asked to bid also weighs heavily into our thinking about that decision. And so in the case of the Space Development Agency, we are executing on several programs for them today and performing quite well. So we have chosen wisely and been disciplined in how we have taken on that work and will continue to do that. The beauty of our portfolio, as we've talked about before, is we can choose to prime. But if we don't see the right mix of risk reward we can also choose to be a supplier and still bring the capability forward that the government needs and expects from us.
Kathy Warden: Great. Well, I think that's about all we have time for. So thank you to each of you for joining our call today. I also again want to extend my appreciation to the Northrop Grumman team for their continued strong performance and contribution to global security. I hope that all of you enjoy the remainder of your summer and I look forward to seeing you throughout the summer and talking to you again in October. Take care.
David Keffer: Sure, thanks Matt. We continue to feel really good about our working capital status as efficient I think as any across the industry and particularly strong in the second quarter. We mentioned a $1 billion of improvement year-over-year in free cash flow that was bolstered by the strength of our invoicing and collections efforts during the quarter which puts us in good status. We think about where we stand year-to-date compared to a year ago. We continue to expect a kind of typical seasonal pattern with the strongest free cash flow and therefore working capital efficiency in the fourth quarter of the year. But overall feel good about our working capital efforts.
David Keffer: Thank you, Peter. I'll start with your mix question. Yes, this is the year to think of as the higher water mark for cost type work given where we are in the development cycle particularly on many of our largest programs. We mentioned we've been in the 55% of sales range in terms of the cost plus mix in the first half of the year. We expect that to ease slightly in the second half, well it's really over the next four five years we'll see that shift back to the other side of 50/50 and toward that 60/40 fixed price mix that we described in our prepared remarks. So, that is a meaningful opportunity for us in terms of margin expansion as we help deliver those capabilities to our customers in the production phases of the programs. Working capital longer-term, as I mentioned, we're really pleased with our working capital efficiency when we think about where we finish 2022, where we project 2023 finishing as well. And so, we don’t think of working capital as a source of a lot of upside opportunity for additional efficiency over the next five years nor do we think of it as an area of expected headwind. I think it'll be more neutral than that. So, when you think what will drive that opportunity to double our current run rate of free cash flow over the next five years, think of it in terms of growth in the sales volume of the business, the margin rate opportunity we've been talking about and the conversion of those margin dollars to cash flow that certainly the number one effort and the number one driver. But then, coinciding with that you'll see a decline in demand for capital expenditures where peak levels in '23 and '24 around capital intensity, that will ease to a more historical levels over the next five years. You'll see some increase in CAS funding over the next couple of years in our in the projections we've outlined over the last few quarters. And then cash taxes will decline based on current tax law particularly related to the amortization requirements for R&D.
David Keffer: Hey George, it's Dave. So, as we talked about on the call, the first flight at aircraft was successfully powered on in Q2. We remain on track for first flight this year. Again, that timing continues to depend on events and data of course over time. And we anticipate that that first LRIP contract will be awarded following first flight. We will continue to evaluate the performance in the outlook for B-21 LRIP as well as the EMD portion of the program on a quarterly basis and provide updates as we have them. Of course, those will be informed by continued progress in driving efficiencies on the program as well as our understanding of that first LRIP contract lot and beyond. So, we'll take all of that into account each quarter as we update our thinking.
David Keffer: Sure. A few things I'd point out there. Obviously the growth rate for the year for space is increased with its guidance update to the low double-digits now and we're really pleased with that. The first half of the year has been close to that 17% range. Some of what you see there is just a matter of the year-over-year compares where the first two quarters of the year were a bit lighter compared than Q4 in particular. And that’s frankly the case across the business. We had a tremendous Q4 for sales volume in 2022, so we anticipate that the touch compare will lead to a lighter year-over-year growth rate in the second half of the year across all four of our segments as we get to Q4. But overall the sequential growth is where we'll continue to look for from space and other sectors. When you look across the company, you've got about 51% of our sales guidance in the second half, 49% in the first half. So, you see the demonstration of continued sequential growth and the year-over-year growth rates are more of a matter of those compares.
David Keffer: And I could touch on the $100 million gain you referenced that that's just an approximation, of course we've until that closes. We do expect that sale of an international minority investment to close in Q3. And that's the item for which we'd increased our guidance range by $0.40 last quarter. So, that is incorporated into our guidance net, net we see that in that $0.40 range of benefit to the company. So, we're pleased to have that approaching and look forward to the cash inflow from it as well.
David Keffer: And the other point I'd add is to your point David around the segment level view. We do expect the growth to be more balanced going forward with opportunities for growth in each of the four sectors as we demonstrated in this period in Q2. We see the growth in our defense systems business having recovered really nicely over the last couple of quarters. There were continued opportunities really across all four of the segments to drive growth.
David Keffer: Sure. Consistent with the commentary from our prime on the program, we do anticipate that production will wind down over the next couple of years. And for us it's 1% or less of sales and therefore not too dramatically impactful to the overall company topline. It's incorporated into our thinking about opportunities for growth in sales that AES over the next couple of years as are the other moving pieces we talked about throughout the call today.
David Keffer: Right. So to that point, among the fixed price programs, where we talked about the 70% of that 2021 backlog having been transitioned into sales by the end of this year, there are no huge individual drivers of the remainder of -- the remaining 30%, if you will, and that will gradually translate into sales over the next few years. So a gradual wind down of the remaining 30%, based on the metrics we described earlier.
