Kathy Warden: Thanks, Seth. So when we look at the portfolio of Defense Systems, as you point out, it is consisting of our command and control as well as our offensive and missile systems capabilities. And so we view that area as one that will continue to grow. It's very well aligned with our customers' highest priority areas, both domestically and internationally. And we have made the portfolio decision we have to divest our IT services business so that we could focus more fully on those businesses in our Defense portfolio.  On the other hand, Mission Systems, which contains a significant quantity of open architecture, networking capabilities that are really keeping pace with the advancing threat environment to be able to help our customers compete in the electromagnetic spectrum, those capabilities are also areas that we see well aligned and core to growth. So we want to keep that team focused on investing and staying at the forefront of technology to different areas of focus. But certainly some synergy and those two teams work well together, but I don't see need for a different alignment to make that kind of working relationship productive.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Sheila. We clearly, this year, have guided some margin rate expansion and there are a number of factors contributing to that. First and foremost is the strong performance in the operating businesses that we delivered both in 2020 and that we anticipate in 2021. That will continue to be a focus for the company. We also have been increasingly orienting our business to agility and streamlining and COVID-19 helped to accelerate some of those initiatives in 2020, again, resulting in good rate management and cost reduction. And those operating efficiencies, we expect to continue as we move forward as well.  And then finally, as you note, we do have mix headwinds as we bring in more early phase development work. Of course, those are generating increasing margin dollars but create pressure on margin rate. And we've challenged the team to look at offsets to that mix pressure through just strong performance, operating efficiencies and future changes that we might make in the operating structure that enable us to continue to find new ways of reducing cost.  So those are the areas that we are aligned to. And as you see in our guide, we were, in 2021, able to, across the portfolio, really offset many of those margin headwinds that we see.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Jon. So as we look at growth this year in 2021 and beyond, we see the opportunity for continued growth based not only on our backlog but also new programs. I outlined some of those in my earlier comments that we see being awarded this year. As budgets appear to be flattening out, our portfolio would have the opportunity for sustained growth through programs like GBSD, which is at the early stage of its ramp, as well as a number of our restricted programs.  It very much will be determined on what funding priorities come from the new administration and how those might play out over time. But we can clearly see forward this year and are projecting another strong year of growth in 2021, and based on the strong support for our programs in the 2021 budget, are equally optimistic that we have a path to growth beyond this year.
Kathy Warden: So Kristine, when we look through the lens of sustainability at our portfolio, we look at not only what capability we're providing, but how it's being used or how we expect the customer to use that capability going forward. And the decision in this case, with our small contract related to cluster munitions, it was a surveillance program. It was actually structured to help remove cluster munition safely.  However, we recognize that even supporting area like cluster munitions for investors is of concern because safe removal implies that at one point, there was an embracing of the use of these products. And so when we look at our portfolio, we are going to continue to recognize. We support our government and our allies in the important work of enabling our troops to do their work. But at the same time, be thoughtful about potential human rights implications and how these technologies may be used in the future and provide equal consideration to safeguards associated with them.  In answer to your question, I don't expect there to be significant change in our portfolio as a result. We already have a portfolio where we have looked through that lens and making decisions about where we invest and what work we undertake. This was just one small contract that came to us through the acquisition, and we've made a decision to stop performing in that area.
Kathy Warden: Well, taking a step back from the defensive management system, which is completing this year. We are looking at modernization of the B-2 so that it can stay in service through the successful transition and replacement of B-21, which, as you know, doesn't happen and it doesn't start to happen until later in the decade. And so B-2 modernization as a broader program will continue, but the DMS program is one that is expected to complete this year.
Kathy Warden: We certainly see new entrants coming into the space. And in the case Palantir, they've been in the space for a number of years. And we are, in many instances, working with those companies. Because a company like Northrop Grumman brings scale. We bring understanding and mission. We bring technology in our own right in areas like artificial intelligence, machine learning. We have a business that is bigger than many of the smaller companies already embedded inside of our company in these areas. But there also is opportunity to partner and learn because the technology is moving so rapidly. And it's what's creating these new market entrants. There's room for more players in the industrial base and good ideas to build upon one another.  So the partnering strategy that we have works to embrace those small companies and bring them into an ecosystem along with us to solve our customers' problems at scale. I've talked in the past about pitch days that we've been doing in certain areas. We've done artificial intelligence. We've done autonomy, to name a few. And we have hundreds of companies that are participating in these engagements with us to talk about how we might together solve our customers' hardest problems.
Kathy Warden: The business that we divested does have national security work, Doug. It's across a broad spectrum of customers, including federal civilian as well as Department of Defense and intelligence community. And we packaged our IT services business together, as you note, across 3 different businesses because this is an area that we are going to be less focused on and we wanted to get that business into the hands of an organization that wants to invest and to build scale. And I agree with your assertion that in the IT services business, scale is an advantage. And Veritas has the vision that you see playing out even most recently with their announcement to acquire Perspecta and put all of these businesses together. So we are confident that they are the right owner for this business, that they have a vision for it, that they have a commitment to invest and that they will be a good employer for our employees who will transition.
Kathy Warden: We have a small piece of work that was in consideration, had not yet been approved. And so it is not work that was approved and is put on hold, as you've read about the F-35, for instance. What we do anticipate is an extensive evaluation of everything that was in the pipeline, which will include some of our work. And of course, as you well know, we're embedded in the F-35 as well, but I'm talking about some of the arm sales that we would have been prime on and that are particularly related to our weapons business, which was the genesis of your question. It was small. It was related to AARGM, and it is something that does not have a material impact on our plans. But we do expect that those will all be reviewed. And we, along with you, will learn what this administration's view on those exports will be.
Kathy Warden: So I can't speak specifically about the margin profile or the specific time line of transition from one phase to another. But what you picked up on from Dr. Roper and there was also a piece that was based on an interview with Randy Walden on the B-21 is the confidence that the customer has in the development progress and the ability to manufacture this aircraft and have a capability at first flight that is more mature than previous aircraft development programs.  And we're doing that through a number of ways, the digital engineering and the digital thread that we have on the program. The testing of hardware and software on a surrogate test bed and the thinking about maintaining and manufacturing in the early phases of design as well as the interface with the end user. The pilots who will fly this aircraft have all helped to really mature the production-ready articles that will be tested in those initial phases and should significantly reduce rework, which is, in itself, schedule, certainty and reduced cost. So that's what we expect based on the progress that we're making at this point, and it's what's underlying the confidence that those customers are expressing.
Kathy Warden: So George, we have said nearly $1 billion. It's a little less, I would think, more in the $800 million to $900 million of incremental revenue.
Kathy Warden: So Cai, we do expect to have book-to-bill around 1 again in 2021, and that is through some new awards like NGI, 3DELRR. It also includes bookings on key programs like F-35, the next block buy, so it's spread across the portfolio in each of our sectors. We expect to have solid awards in 2021. All right. So thank you for hanging with us. We tried to get through as many of your questions as possible, given how much we had to cover today.  Again, I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team for another outstanding year. We performed extremely well in the midst of many challenges last year, and we're well positioned for 2021 and beyond due to that strong performance, our continued backlog growth and the value-creating portfolio actions that we've been taking. With our cash on hand and strong cash flows, we're committed to thoughtful deployment of that capital to create long-term value for our shareholders.  Thank you, all, for being with us today, and that concludes our call.
David Keffer: Sure. Thanks, Carter. It's -- as we mentioned, relates to a restricted program. So there's a limited amount we can say about that. What I would be able to say is this is equipment that, as we mentioned, was booked in the past as capital expenditure. We've now sold that equipment to a customer. And as appropriate, both revenue and the portion of the cash that we've received in the quarter, in our 2020 results, little over half of the cash is to be paid in 2021 and will be booked in as part of our cash flow in the 2021 outlook.  From an accounting perspective, it's a somewhat unique item, but a customer transaction and with revenue accordingly, as we mentioned, minimal profit associated with it, which is why you see the margin impact on AS and the outstanding growth that it delivered in the quarter.
David Keffer: Sure. Happy to talk through that. I think you named the right kind of nonoperating or unique drivers from '20 to '21, free cash flow, the divestiture, the CAS pension headwind and then the reversal of the payroll tax benefit from 2020. And you're right that when you add those 3 together, it's greater than the reduction in our outlook from 2020 to 2021. So it does require us to make continued working capital improvements in 2021.  The good news there is we believe we're on track to do so. We expect to continue to be able to generate working capital improvements really across our businesses. We have some targeted areas of performance improvement that we're driving in 2021. And we'll -- this is not a point in time effort. This is a long-term effort that will remain a focus of the company. So to your question about years thereafter, we will continue to drive efforts around working capital efficiency in '22 and beyond.
David Keffer: Sure. Peter, it's Dave. I'll address that one. As you mentioned, the 2020 CapEx figure was around $1.4 billion and that's a comparable level to what we've projected into 2021, the netting effect then being the equipment sale we talked about earlier, which also flows through that investing section. So on a net basis, it's actually a bit below our prior guidance for '20 and '21.  Beyond '21, the trend that we've talked about over time remains our intention. Where the CapEx as a percentage of revenue should decline, we see opportunities to continue making prudent investments in our business and our capabilities and technologies but at a slightly lower level of overall investment than has been required over the last few years and into 2021. So no change to that long-term approach.  The same would apply on the R&D side. We've had -- we've been investing amply in the business, close to 3% of revenue over the recent past and into the near future and we'll continue to invest in those differentiating technologies and capabilities.
David Keffer: So I can talk a bit about that. We mentioned the approximately 4% organic growth figure when you remove the divestiture as you compared 2020 to 2021. So 4% organic growth, that's even with the CAS pension headwind that we mentioned earlier, which is just under 1%. That also includes the impact of Lake City, which is just over 1% of revenue as it came to a strong conclusion in 2020.  Those are the two most significant items, and I wouldn't call your attention to any one particular area of recompete exposure looking forward, either in aggregate. We feel really good about the program backlog and don't have anything approaching that 1% headwind level other than those that we've mentioned.
