James F. Palmer: Doug, I don't know that I would say we're in an inning. We're on a treadmill, and you got to continually run as fast as the treadmill is going. So we are really focused on that. We have had, frankly, the benefit from a much -- from a number of cost reduction actions we've taken on our backlog with, as well, a number of programs nearing completion, given the -- somewhat as a draw-down. So really good, hard work by the Electronic Systems folks. A lot of focus on being prudent about new contracts that we entered into, all of which are being realized at this point in time. At times, I get asked about our benchmarks for the businesses. I do think that this is a 13-, 14-plus type of business on a long-term basis, but we are realizing some benefits from hard actions that we've taken over the last couple of years.
James F. Palmer: I don't think we'll see negative pressures, Jason, on cash flows as we move into 2014. And I did not say conservative guidance. Those were your words.
James F. Palmer: I was trying to emphasize that we always have substantial variation around cash receipts at the end of the year, in particular, frankly, as the industry manage its cash flows. And those last day cash receipts can easily vary by $200 million, $300 million, just based on what's happening in the overall industry. So on one hand, yes, there can be some variation around receipts, particularly in the last couple of days of the year. I don't know how to call what may or may not happen with the furloughing of government employees and whether it has any impact at all on cash receipts. So it just seemed premature at this point to bet on potentially higher cash receipts this year. As I said in our prepared comments, I do think this is only a matter of timing, maybe only a matter of timing of days. But I think there could be some rises [ph] of variability of cash receipts, and it could be greater this year simply because of the environment that we're in.
James F. Palmer: Obviously, Wes, I would echo exactly what you said. The only thing I would add -- remember, folks, that we announced our share repurchase, and then about a week later, we also announced that we would go on to the capital markets for our debt transaction. Having made those decisions, we thought it was important that we communicate both pieces of the decision. So all of the information was out there for the market in its entirety. So clearly focused on driving shareholder value, see a significant opportunity there, but also try to be very transparent with all of the market on what our intentions were.
James F. Palmer: We try to, on an ongoing basis, look at our backlog. And as you might imagine, the most variability is in the shorter-cycle business, particularly in those areas that have ID/IQ contracts, which, by their very nature, provide some level of flexibility or variability on the actual amount of revenue that you recognize from each of those individual TASC orders. Just to reiterate, ID/IQ means indefinite delivery, indefinite order. So there's variability associated with it. So yes, in this environment, we try to look at any kind of activity that may have potential for an adjustment, and we make those as soon as we know about them.
James F. Palmer: I think we all have been speculating about what might happen here at the last quarter of the government fiscal year, but it would be simply that, speculation. And so I think I'll just leave it as we have that issue every year. Will it be different this year? It's really hard to say whether or not it will be any different.
James F. Palmer: Cai, as I think about this, the nature of our business is both some longer-cycle and shorter-cycle businesses. In the longer-cycle businesses, as Wes alluded to earlier, we have the ability to work off of our backlog. And to the extent that we don't have any unexpected surprises, so program cancellations or terminations, the nature of the contracting process normally provides you with some visibility on where the customer intends to go in the future. My point simply is, in those types of businesses, you have a longer period of time to react to what may occur. We also made a comment -- had made a comment for a number of quarters now that we've been conscious about trying to take cost reduction actions in advance of where we thought the market, our customer was going. And so we've realized that benefit on our existing contract backlog. As we negotiate new contracts, they will be negotiated based on our current cost structure, and it will be harder to maintain the margins that we are realizing today out of the existing backlog. That's the natural ebb and flow of the business.
James F. Palmer: Just to add, Myles, based on the planned quantities that we see ahead of us for all the LRIPs, we really don't see F-35 revenues ramping until about 2016. And as Wes just said, the team's -- the entire team's focus is really on driving affordability, how do we get unit cost down. We all recognize that that is going to be an important factor in being able to realize the quantities that are ahead of us. So a lot of focus on how to drive affordability, reduce cost, improve performance, deliver on time.
James F. Palmer: I wouldn't -- I don't know that it's worthwhile commenting on margins by individual programs at this point in time. We're really working hard to drive...
James F. Palmer: We make all of those decisions essentially every quarter. And looking at the pace of our share repurchase program, we did, as you pointed out, go to the capital markets and raised some additional debt and net of $2 billion to increase our overall financial flexibility. We could use some of that cash for accelerating share repurchases, but essentially, our message was around the -- our goal to reduce our share count by about 60 million shares or 25% by the end of 2015. Make it real simple. That's 11 quarters, kind of like 5.5 million shares per quarter on a pro rata basis. And we can do that on a pro rata basis. We can do it on an accelerated basis. We have the flexibility, the financial resources to think about what makes the most sense and each time that we address a new program. Could we do ASRs? Yes, it's a possibility. It's something that we look at on a regular basis to see whether or not we make -- whether it makes sense. No commitment to any kind of formal transaction at this point in time.
James F. Palmer: The guidance for 2013 was based on weighted average share reduction of 7%. We still expect to get a 7% reduction. On a weighted average basis, it's going to be really hard, given that we're halfway through the year to having meaningful change in that average for the year. So I still feel really good about the overall 7% reduction for the year. Our guidance anticipates that.
James F. Palmer: Rob, a couple of other perspectives on this. In my prepared comments, I talked about a $27 million adjustment or reduction in favorable adjustments. I also mentioned commercial contract revenue timing, a smaller impact, as well as the ramp-down of in-theater programs. Frankly, a big part of that $27 million reduction in favorable adjustments is a result of some adjustments in last year's second quarter, resulting from immediate needs on production-type products in-theater.
James F. Palmer: I don't anticipate that those would always be there. Margins of almost 11% last year in IS in the second quarter, well above what we consider to be the benchmark for this type of business. Performance on a year-to-date basis in IS basically in line with, again, what we see as the benchmark for this business. So, frankly, I think you're seeing an anomaly more in last year's favorable performance than an unfavorable performance in this year.
James F. Palmer: No. We're basically saying consistent with the 6 months margin in the second half of the year with the first half.
James F. Palmer: Frankly, if we're again still talking about IS, the IS, being a short-cycle business, the amount of the adjustments that they traditionally have is relatively small.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Doug, this is Wes. I just -- I can't resist the opportunity just to say how much hard work is actually going on in Electronic Systems. There's a team that is just completely focused on performance and in all dimensions. And if you turn the clock back a number of years, you'll recall that we went through some pretty challenging times in Electronic Systems with, in particular, some international contracts that just simply did not perform very well. And to their credit, that team has top to bottom learned that set of lessons really dug in on contract performance, really dug in on cost management. And they're just doing an outstanding job. As Jim points out, clearly, we're getting the benefit of cost reductions, which flow into existing contracts. As we enter into new contracts, that certainly is an effect we won't see forever. But given your question, I just can't help but reflect on the journey that we've been on Electronic Systems and really complement the team for their extraordinary work.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, I don't think F-35 is quite yet at a point of maturity where I would say that was a big driver for us. But if you look across the portfolio in aerospace, to Jim's point, particularly our manned programs, more legacy manned programs, and also our space program, have been doing very, very well. Unmanned is still earlier in the evolution of things moving into production, so they're probably not quite as far up that curve. But, again, really good performance, really good focus on cost management.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Jason, it's Wes. I just -- I would add. I think what we're all worried about in different ways is what the real impact will be of this furloughing of the civilian workforce. It was just the other day that Secretary Hagel had to basically say, "Look, if this keeps going, we may be furloughing in the next fiscal year as well." And if anybody thinks that, that has no impact, they are not thinking about it with a clear head. It's -- the civilian workforce is an integral component of how our defense and national security infrastructure operates. And it's not just paying the bills. It's manning centers, running intelligent centers, it's -- you name it. Our civilian workforce is extensively deployed throughout the national security framework. So I do think that there is some concern about what that means as we continue to experience this. These are really important people doing really important jobs and trying to predict exactly what the impact of these furloughs will be. It's a very difficult thing. So I think what you should take away from it is sort of an expression of a risk factor, if you will, that's out there in some respect. But as Jim said, ultimately, it's a matter of timing. It's not a matter of do we get paid or not, it's a matter of timing.
Wesley G. Bush: Clearly, we watched very carefully what's going on in that whole market space, because as you point out, Howard, we have some extraordinary capabilities in addressing elements of that market. One difference, obviously, is we continue to focus on the very high end of the cyber arena to help our nation address the big challenges that we're facing in that regard. We've not put a huge energy into sort of the commercial side of that. And so there is some difference in sort of market perspective and how different companies look at those things. But I would tell you that just if I were standing in Cisco's shoes, I can understand what they're doing. This was an important area. I think it just continues to grow in challenge and complexity. And as we've talked about a little bit on our calls in the past, there's several different aspects of the flavors of cyber, if you will, from -- ranging from the sort of the purer traditional perspectives on cyber to, increasingly, the view on what actually needs to get embedded in the hardware, if you will, the capabilities. And from our perspective, that might be platforms or sensors, but it might also be networking equipment and other things. So I think it's just a representative example of how this issue is becoming more and more pervasive...
Wesley G. Bush: It is. It's an absolutely critically important perspective on its growing importance. And I think we're going to continue to see it become a part of just about every aspect of the technology landscape that we all rely upon to make our world work the way it works today. So from my perspective, this was just another indication of the importance of this arena.
Wesley G. Bush: No, I would just -- I think I addressed this a little bit on our last quarterly call, kind of trying to call it for the end of the year on backlog. I wouldn't do it at this point. There are so many variables out there that are shaping not only the decision space but what I would call the behavior space of our customer community. Many of our customers are just very, very concerned about decisions they make this year, having to flow through into the next few years, and they're kind of holding back, waiting to see what may or may not happen. And I understand that behavior. I understand that difficulty in making decisions when, in fact, they're getting asked to turn out a whole new idea on budget every few weeks. They're getting put through an enormous number of what-if cycles. I actually admire how they're handling this in light of all of the challenges that they're facing. So where this all comes out and how that will translate into specific contracting behaviors over the course of this year, it's really hard to tell. So I wouldn't want to get in front of our headlights on that and try and call it. But what I would say is that it has put an emphasis within our company on working with our customers to really help understand where things need to get put on contract to actually reduce cost, because as we all know, the longer things take, oftentimes, that means there is additional cost induced by that delay in getting things on contract. So it's an intense source of effort across our enterprise to work with our customers to try and balance out the challenge that they are dealing with, as well as what it takes to maintain the cost of the systems and to make sure that things are operating as efficiently as they can in this environment, which is inherently inefficient. So I won't call it, at this point, on what the outlook will be for the end of the year, just given the number of variables in front of us. But I would emphasize the degree at which it has the attention of the enterprise and working it. You asked for AS and ES. The vast majority of our revenues, certainly, this year, like most other years, come from contracts already awarded. So it's not so much a big swinger on what our financial outcomes are this year. And to the extent that we're aware of any, we've already included that in the guidance -- the updated guidance that we provided today. As we look across the landscape, there are a number of activities, sort of new contract award activities, that are out there that will certainly impact the total -- or could impact the total awards number for the year. The challenge we continue to see in the awards environment, as you know, is you get an award and it gets protested until you kind of hold back on that. But when I look at both AS and ES, they continue to have large opportunities, competitive opportunities, in addition to the ongoing award cycles in front of them. And it's both domestic and international that -- where we see those opportunities. One of the things that we pointed out, I think, on our first call this year was our outlook for 2013 as an increasing international content in our business. International always takes longer than you hope it might, but we do see it on a positive trajectory in the enterprise. So I hope that helps to some extent. I know I didn't answer your question quantitatively, but I don't feel we're in a position to do that right now.
Wesley G. Bush: It's both. Even the follow-on things are being slowed down just because the system is operating more slowly. So it is both aspects of that. And on the follow-on things, obviously, in general, it's usually not a matter of whether it's going to happen. It's usually a matter of when. But as the customers are going through their internal debates on priorities, it is challenging for them to go on and get out there with those decisions.
Wesley G. Bush: So on Global Hawk, the kind of remaining issue out there is the Lot 11 [ph], the Block 30, and we're in active discussions with the Air Force on that.
Wesley G. Bush: There's a staging of what those orders look like, some this year, some over next year, but there's really been no change in that.
Wesley G. Bush: Cai, I would also offer one other perspective. It's perhaps a little bit tangential, but I think it's important in a broader view. The nation took a procurement holiday for strategic systems in the 1990s. Over the last decade, we've been largely focused on dealing with the issues surrounding terrorism around the globe and have really not still been able to recapitalize our platform infrastructure in any meaningful way. We have an aging platform capability as a country. And we are going to have to replace that. Things just don't last forever. And so if there is any forcing function to continue a support for, I think, kind of the class of weapons capabilities that you were mentioning, I think that's actually an important strategic one. Now what will the sequester do to that? And what decisions might the department be forced to make? Hard to tell. But that is a real force that's out there right there today. And I think it needs to be understood as a driving factor in the decision space here.
Wesley G. Bush: You have to look at it, I think, from a number of different angles. Clearly, the marketplace makes some decisions around EBITDA multiples. And if you kind of look at that historically, I think that's illuminating. And I know a number of folks on the call that looked at EBITDA versus EBITDAP as better predictors over time. But if you look at that historically, you'd say, "Well, we're probably actually in a reasonable place with the value opportunity that's still in front of us." So when we think about share repurchases, and I've said this a number of times on our calls. We think about it over the long term, the long-term value of the enterprise, how we see ourselves generating cash, how we see ourselves with the ability to deploy that cash both internally to create longer-term value and directly to the benefit of our shareholders. And all of those things go into our thinking around the core economics of doing share repurchase. Obviously, we've concluded it makes sense. We've been pretty vocal about that. And it actually stated a goal for where we would drive our share repurchase activities here through the -- over the next couple of years. So everybody takes a little bit of a different view on this, but I think you can be informed by looking at it from a couple of different angles. But fundamentally, it comes back to how you see the long-term performance and portfolio of the enterprise and how that aligns with the nation's needs and the needs of our allies. And that's really the core of our thinking.
Wesley G. Bush: I'd hate to try and Monday morning quarterback what happened a number of years ago in the marketplace. I know there were a lot of different factors in play then, but all I can do is sort of snapshot my view of where we are and what I think our future looks like. And that's really the framework for decision-making.
Wesley G. Bush: So Myles, let me say a few words, and then -- and Jim certainly can add in. And you're right, the LRIPs are pretty flat in terms of the number of units being built. So I think over the next near-term period of time, we're going to see F-35 continue to kind of be where it is. And we're still in LRIP land, obviously. We're not into whole rate production and the multi-year productions. And so inherently, the margin rates during development and even LRIP are not what the potential margin rates could be later on as we move forward into the program. I hope we're going to be able to start up that curve in a more meaningful way, but we do have to get all the things done that are necessary at this stage of the program to be able to achieve that. I think we're making really good progress on this program. And I would give credit to Lockheed Martin. I think they're doing a great job as the prime on this. I think we have a really good team with Lockheed and Northrop and BAE Systems and Pratt & Whitney all together on this. We are working together on it in a very, I would say, highly aligned, team-oriented way with our customer community. So I am of a mind that this program is making really good progress, and I'm proud to be on this team. I think it's got some really good future in front of it. Now, how does it get interfered with potentially by all of this budget challenge that's in front of us? I don't know. That's a hard one to call. But the job we have in the industry is to continue to drive to make it more affordable and to demonstrate the extraordinary capabilities of this aircraft and that alignment with what not only the U.S. needs but all of our partner nations need. And I see an increasing alignment around that on this program. So number one, really important, but as you point out, these LRIPs are sort of going to hold us flat for a while until we can get up a more substantial production curve. And over time, I would hope to see the margins come with that.
Wesley G. Bush: So Rob, let me make a little bit of a distinction because I think sometimes this gets lost in the communication. When we talk about commoditized, we talk about the way the market operates. So if there are many players, and it is essentially a race to the $0.05 or to the $0.01 contract-by-contract, that's commoditized. That means that you're really having difficulty competing on the basis of technical differentiation or knowledge or intellectual property. That's the framework we mean with commoditized. Short cycle, some commoditized businesses, most commoditized businesses probably are short cycle, but those 2 are not fully overlapping circles in the Venn diagram. When we think about short-cycle businesses, we mean those business which inherently have shorter-term contracts. Those may or may not be commoditized. In fact, many of our short-cycle businesses are businesses that take extraordinary engineering skills to perform, rely on our ability to provide intellectual property and an experience base that simply is not commoditized. But yet, they are still short cycle by nature of the way that customer buys. So I just would want to make sure that those 2 don't get confused in the dialogue. And we have, in fact, moved away and have been doing this now for a number of years from those businesses that we see as more commoditized, because we don't see that that's necessarily a place where it makes sense for us to invest a lot of our time and energy and resources. We have focused in IS and more across the board in those areas where the differentiation occurs on the basis of the intellectual capital that can be brought to whatever the particular competition might be, which inherently shrinks the field of competitors. And, in fact, if you look at that smaller field that we tend to go after more on the system side of this, I think you'll see in the marketplace that has all of these earnings releases have been coming out, they were all kind of having the same experience, that because a lot of that type of capability is purchased on these ID/IQ contracts, the customer has a lot of flexibility to throttle up or throttle down. And given the budget uncertainties, we're seeing more throttle down than throttle up in that space right now. So from a strategic perspective, we're on the track that we've talked about. We continue to focus our portfolio in the areas where we see our ability to be differentiated as creating longer-term value. But we're going through a budget environment that is, for these shorter-cycle components of that, causing this type of variation.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, I would characterize it as a market condition, not so much a competitiveness perspective, because the work that we've been doing in IS, I'm convinced, has us in a very competitive position. So it's more about what we're seeing in the market.
Wesley G. Bush: Our objective is to win every new start we can that makes sense that's going to be profitable. So if we're successful in that regard, that inherently will hold the margin rates down a little bit. So just in terms of our desires for our business, we like winning.
Wesley G. Bush: I'll just say thank you again, everyone, for your continuing interest in our company. I'd also like to say thank you to the team here at Northrop Grumman for continuing to work so hard on performance and delivering value to our shareholders. I'd also like to say thank you to our customer community. They are dealing with an extraordinarily difficult set of challenges. I really admire and respect how they are dealing with it. It is not a situation that any of us should be putting them in as they work so hard to defend our nation. So we ought to all keep that in mind as we go forward and hopefully find some resolution to these challenges. Thank you, everyone.
