Wesley G. Bush: Well, we maintained our sales guidance for the year, I would say almost despite all the ups and downs that we see out there. I would say that this is a period of time where we do see a nice set of opportunities for our company, both domestically and internationally. I mentioned some of those in my prepared remarks. But when I think about what we're seeing – let me start with international, around the globe on unmanned infrastructure, our unmanned systems as well as our manned systems and more broadly, I would say, interest in the C4ISR capabilities that our company has to offer, I do see a nice continuingly positive trajectory for our international activities. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, I also see some really good domestic opportunities, long-range strike. I mentioned the Kirkham program at ES is also a really interesting program for us as is LRDR. So, we have our guidance out there for the year. We obviously are addressing a lot of opportunities. But on the domestic front, I would also caution and I've mentioned this in my remarks as well, continue to caution about the budget environment. We need to work our way through this, see where we really end up as a country with respect to how we're going to be investing in defense and security on a go-forward basis. While I've been pleased that there is a growing recognition of the importance to appropriately fund defense and security, I am concerned about the budget process. And I think it's going to be a bit more time this year before we have any clarity as to how that's going to resolve.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. Well, let me hit both of those. On T-X, yes, that is a very important opportunity for us. Timing on that one is out a little bit relative to some of the others that I mentioned. But we believe we're going to have a very competitive opportunity on T-X. We see the development of the requirements that the Air Force has been going through to be very positive relative to the nature of the offering that we're putting forward. We're developing some really good partnering approaches in the program. So, it is an important opportunity for us. And we're certainly going to be very focused on this. With respect to the mix equation, as I've said before – and we saw some of this already in ES this quarter. We are delighted to be winning new program opportunities on our company. And we know, we all know that when we win these new opportunities, they start out cost plus. And that inevitably pushes that mix equation, Myles, that you're asking about back in the direction that it can have some near-term impacts on our margin rates. We're seeing that right now at ES. But this is exactly what we want to have happen. We want to be successful in capturing these new opportunities. And as we all know, over time those turn into production and that's clearly the longer-term margin opportunity.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Rich. I appreciate the question. Let me first address the if we assume part. I want to be very careful about that because we have – as I mentioned earlier, we have a long way to go from here to there in terms of getting a real budget outcome that is above the BCA levels. I have optimism in that we are hearing more of the – what I think is the right kind of discussion about the need to relieve the BCA caps quite frankly, both defense and non-defense, to make sure we are not under-investing in our country either from a security perspective, a social perspective or a long-term economic development perspective. But we've got to get there. And I want to be careful about sounding too optimistic about that given the amount of time we still have in front of us to sort this out. But your question had an assumption behind it. If we assume that we end up slightly above the caps. I do think it will help the short-cycle business, as you mentioned, and that there is a fair amount of pent-up need for the capabilities that the shorter cycle businesses provide. And as you know, they took a harder hit in the downturn of spending. And consequently – historically anyway, they tend to more quickly show some recovery. But this is an interesting period of time, as well. The sequester and these BCA caps that we've been operating under have also impacted the nation's ability to actually go and do what we've been needing to do for a long time which is to fix the aging force structure that we have. We are at a point in time where our Air Force is the oldest it's ever been in terms of the age of the aircraft that are in the Air Force. And you can make similar comments for the Navy and for the Army as well. So, there is also a very large pent-up demand for actually buying new things, new capability, whether it's aircraft or ships or whatever it is, because we have been squeezing every ounce we can get out of these old systems. And so, that, I think, is also weighs heavily in the minds of those who are setting spending priorities in the Pentagon that we've got to fix this problem too. And I think it just reinforces the need for Congress to get on with it to address this unnaturally low position relative to a percentage of GDP that we're in in our discretionary spending in our country. So, I actually think getting relief can help both the short cycle and the longer cycle business.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, I wouldn't even begin to speculate on things like consolidation or how other parties might react to particular outcomes. I would only say with respect to LRS, clearly it's an important program for our country. And consequently, all of those in our industry with the capability to support it are stepping forward to put on the table our very best. We feel good about our heritage in that regard. The B-2 program provides a great capacity within our organization to have a great currency of knowledge and understanding about what's really needed here. And we're doing that. We're working hard to provide the Air Force our very best offering on this. And we'll see with the outcome what it means for how different parties think about it. But I would also caution, LRS is – from our perspective, it's a really great program, it would be a wonderful opportunity. But it would just be one more part of a very diversified portfolio that we have in our corporation. And that, actually, is something I like very much about our portfolio; the breadth of capability that we have and the breadth of our programs. No single program is out there driving us in a direction. I think that our biggest today is 5% or 6%. So, I think that's also a healthy place for us to be for the long term. So, we would eagerly embrace the opportunity to go and execute on LRS for our nation should we be awarded that contract, but I would be careful about making prognostications that that alone has a reshaping impact on the industry.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. I'll just add a perspective as well. When we think about this, we do take the long-term view of the company. And we take a look at our ability to generate cash and how we best deploy that cash. And we take a very positive view of that. We see ourselves as an enterprise that should be able to generate healthy cash flows as we look into the future. And to Ken's point, if you look at our history, we have been a very proactive returner, if you will, of cash to our shareholders, both in the forms of share repurchase and dividends. So, I think you should think about us in terms of our history. We are a company that tends to continue to act in the way that we have been acting. And I think that's probably the best way of thinking about our future here. And we'll have to figure out the exact rate, as Ken pointed out, as we go forward. But if I turn the clock back to 2013, that was sort of an interesting opportunity for our company. We saw a place in the market where we could go and access the debt market and take advantage of that for our shareholders. And that's what we've been doing. So, that type of thinking on how we look at our overall capital structure and our use of cash proceeds, I think characterizes the nature of the decision-making that we have at the company.
Wesley G. Bush: Howard, it's a great question, and I very much appreciate you asking it because it is – I think it's indicative of the thinking that we all have to go through as we go through these cyclical processes in our industry. And to the extent that we see meaningful opportunities in front of us – and indeed we do – it is incumbent on us to take the actions to invest, to ensure that we can approach those effectively. We have that responsibility both to our shareholders and to our customers, to make sure that we are making the prudent investments. And we want to be very disciplined in how we make those investments, but the prudent investments to position us well to both capture and, of course, to execute on what we see in front of us. And I'll go back to some of the announcements we made last year and even a little bit earlier with respect to the investments that we've been making in our centers of excellence. We see those as fundamental investments for our long term to really get much of the promised benefit out of the acquisition of the various companies that we did over the years to really consolidate our footprint down, to co-locate our specialists who are working on these different opportunities, and to get the synergy that comes from having them really working these things together, and it takes money to do that. And those are investments that we've been making. With respect to managing the risk on these, we have a multi-faceted approach to doing that. First and foremost, we work hard to create a culture in our company where everyone feels not only the opportunity to put their hand up if they see a risk that we haven't been addressing aggressively. They also feel the responsibility to put their hand up. And so, we have a culture inside the company that is quite transparent in terms of folks at all levels focusing on risk management and also making sure that we are thinking as broadly as we can about both the risk and opportunity side of all of the things that we're taking on. So, in addition to the culture, we also have a very disciplined approach to doing risk management in the enterprise that encompasses management at all levels, making those risk assessments and communicating them forward. And our operating rhythm in the company is essentially based on reviewing both the risk and opportunity framework that we see across each and every one of our businesses. So, it's a baked in part of how we do business and to your question of who do I rely on, I rely on our team, our whole team. It is a core part of the way that we think about running the business, managing the risks. And I would point out because sometimes I am concerned that when I talk so much about risk management people, will hear in there risk aversion. It is not risk aversion. It's risk management. We know that to generate great returns, we've got to take prudent risks but we also know that we have to manage them appropriately. So, it is a key part of how we run our company.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. Sam, let me touch on each of these and I'll ask Ken to provide any other commentary that he may have on it. With respect to our future outlook on share repurchases, clearly, budget has an impact on the overall financial state of the company. A difference between the actual budget levels isn't going to necessarily suggest that we turn off all of our ability to return cash to shareholders. It's more a matter of degree. And as I said earlier, we really do look at our approach to share repurchase over a long period of time, and we take a look at our future cash flow projections and see where that puts us and how we think we can best deploy that. With respect to the cyber business, we always are looking at the full set of opportunities. We have, for some time and I see us continuing to do this, been very focused on ensuring that we are first and foremost supporting our U.S. government and, to a lesser extent, some of our international customer governments in cyber. So, that focus of ours that it tends to be on the high end of the cyber capabilities does not lead us down the path typically of looking at some of the properties that have come on to the marketplace that tend to have a little bit more robust component towards the commercial sector. So, I think this is really about portfolio philosophy and where we are focused, and we like our focus on the government side of it. We believe that that is helping us to continue to stay at the forefront of this technology. And as I've said over – actually over the years in this regard, where we find something that appears to have real commercial applicability, our first instinct is to go look to find the right partner, to use whatever capability we have in an approach that has a real channel to market and is operating within a company that's focused on commercial channels to market. We're a company that's focused on serving our government customers both here in the U.S. and around the globe.
Wesley G. Bush: So, David, on the floor space part of it, I would say that what we were able to do over these last few years was to actually not only reduce floor space but drive efficiency. We've taken a very careful look at how we are populating the floor space we've had in the company and have used the current environment as really the opportunity to take a set of actions that, in hindsight, perhaps we should have taken years ago. But we took those actions to get us into a place where we are more efficiently utilizing the floor space that we have today. As we look at new program opportunities, we will have to look at how we increment, where appropriate or, even in many cases, even better utilize the floor space that we have. So, for every one of these new opportunities, we actually have a strategy that goes with the ability to use the floor space we have as well as, oftentimes, nearby or adjacent floor space. But what I think is nice is when we're looking at those strategies today, we're looking at them through the optic of the efficiencies that we're operating with today versus where we were some years ago. On head count, this is, I would say, oftentimes, the most challenging part of any activity that we take on in the company. The head count that – the employees that we hope to find, the new employees that we got to find in this space, are traditionally some of the most talented individuals in our country and now as we're becoming more international, some of those talented folks in each of the countries where we operate. So, we have to have a continued focus on making sure that we are bringing that talent in and retaining that talent. I will note that even though over the last four years or five years now, our total head count is down about 20%, because of the demographics in our company and in our industry, we've actually been hiring and hiring aggressively through this downturn. In fact, last year we hired just about 5,000 people in our company. So, our hiring machine is running and running well. And as we go forward, we're going to want to make sure that we are continuing to focus on bringing in the very best talent and keeping that talent. So, we've been giving a lot of thought to where this takes us over the next few years. But I think more importantly, we actually have systems operating within the company which I have confidence in producing the results we're going to need as we take on some new opportunities.
Wesley G. Bush: So, Joe, yes. F-35 continues to go well. We are delighted to see, finally, that we are beginning to come up the production ramp because, ultimately, at the end of the day, coming up the production ramp is what brings the cost down, makes the aircraft more affordable, and enables all of our partners around the globe to actually acquire the quantity that they need for the F-35 to become the cornerstone of their force structure as they envision it to be. As the production ramps up, it is our expectation that the F-35 margins should have the opportunity to improve over time. To your point, yes, they are typically below our average margins on the program, in part because of the place we've been in now for a number of years, of relatively low rate production, and quite frankly, contracting that matches that lower rate of production. But as we move on into real rate, we would expect that that rate and the approach to contracting it should enable us to have margins that are more traditional in terms of production rate margins.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, Neal let me just be clear. The 11% is a long-term benchmark that we talk about that is reflective of how we see industry performing over a long cycle in the Aerospace sector, just as we've given benchmarks for our other sectors. Our team is performing above that benchmark and is incentivized to perform above that benchmark. So, you can see in the quarter, for example, we're performing better than the 11%, the 12.6% that we reported in this quarter is an example of that. The point that we've been making on the F-35 and because we have F-35 in each of three of our sectors, Aerospace, Electronics and Information Systems. When we look at that in the aggregate and compare it to our aggregate margin rate, that's where we see that offset. So, it isn't so much a sector by sector view. It is more of an aggregate view that the F-35 program isn't quite yet carrying its weight relative to delivering the margins that we have across the company. So, when will we get there? Hard to call. As I said, we are delighted to see the ramp up in the production as we go forward into LRS 9 and 10, but we really need to get to I think probably the place where we're really more routinely operating at this what we would envision to be full rate production before we are able to see the types of margins that we have historically seen in aircraft production programs.
Wesley G. Bush: Look, Steve, I'll just wrap-up by again thanking our team for a very strong start to the year. We continue to drive our focus on performance, ensuring our capabilities are aligned with our customers' needs for the long term and executing our cash deployment strategy. Thanks everyone, for joining the call today and for your continuing interest in our company.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Wes, maybe I'll just add that we've seen a pretty tight band in terms of our mix of fixed price and cost plus for the last few years. It is down a couple of percentage points this quarter and as Wes mentioned, particularly at Electronic Systems as we see some development opportunities there. But we do have a number of programs where production is ramping up, so it could be that we see that start to come back in the next or I'd say in the not too distant future. As we look at F-35 ramping, we look at E-2D and then...
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hunter, let me start off on that one. We do plan to finish our 60 million share repurchase that we announced a few years back now. We are looking, market conditions permitting, to finish that out this year. I will say that we have not made a decision on what we're going to do after that. We've got some upcoming board meetings and that will be something that we discuss with the board on what the future capital deployment looks like. But I will say that we've been repurchasers of our stock since 2003. Since that year we've repurchased I think about 48%, 47% to 48% of our outstanding shares. Can we continue to return capital to our shareholders at the same rate that we have been this quarter and last year? Probably not sustainable over the long term but you can think of us as a company that does return excess cash to shareholders.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Doug, I would say that as we look at our performance in the first quarter of 2015 at AS, it was what I would characterize as strong performance for the AS sector, simply stacked up against a quarter in 2014 that was particularly strong. And we continue to think that our margin rate targets for the year at AS, the segment margin rate in the high 11%s continues to be appropriate. I think this is a good solid start to the year at 12.3% – I'm sorry – 12.6% in this quarter at AS. So, we're off to a solid start. As you compare it to 2014, it doesn't compare as favorably as we started off the year, really, really strong last year.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Carter, just to clarify, at Aerospace, the double-digit increase was at unmanned systems and the largest driver in that, as we mentioned, was NATO and Triton. But the space business, again, it's a healthy business. It's growing in the single-digit range in the quarter, largely driven by restricted. I believe that as we look at the space business, that clearly was the driver for the quarter. In terms of ES, I wouldn't want to get into specifics on a product line basis, but the lower volume at ES is in combat avionics, and I probably wouldn't want to dig any deeper than that.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. No. I would say that the 60 million share is a target repurchase number. As far as creep, I think we try to manage that pretty carefully. But the 60 million does not reflect offsetting creep, but we certainly take a look at that and manage that carefully. Essentially, if you think about it in round numbers, we were around 240 million shares at the time we announced it. We said we were going to reduce it 60 million or we were going to repurchase 60 million of shares, which was about 25% of the then outstanding shares.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, Cai. I would say that in terms of the additional workdays this year over last year's first quarter, we did have four additional workdays. Essentially 66 days versus 62 days. I would point out that we will have 365 days in the year and we'll give up those four workdays on the backend in the fourth quarter. In terms of identifying the amount of sales that came from those four additional workdays, we don't have a system that calculates revenues on a daily basis. I would say that probably had a larger impact on IS and TS as they are more labor-driven, but certainly could have had an impact on AS and ES if certain material receipts came in. But likely higher impacts on the IS and TS business. Again, we don't look at revenues on a daily basis, so I can't give you a precise number.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Wes I'll just add on the corporate allocation, I think I would simply say we haven't made a decision on what is beyond the 60 million. I certainly wouldn't want to get ahead of the board, but we do expect to be long-term generators of strong cash flows.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hey, George. Thanks for the question. I would say that the unfavorable adjustments in the quarter are spread across a number of programs with no adjustment being significant. If there were a material adjustment in the quarter, we would disclose what that adjustment was and be discussing with you. So, no major issues, just we're continuing to work through the contracting process.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: The FAS expense benefit that we received this year generally would apply, going forward, in 2016 and 2017. But it depends on a number of other factors including our investment performance for this year, including the discount rate at the end of the year. So, I don't know that it would be fair to take that benefit; essentially we had guided $290 million, now, $320 million. So a $30 million benefit this year, for nine months of the year after we made the contribution. I don't know that it would be fair to take that and simply carry it forward given the multiple assumptions that impact the analysis.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hi there, Jon. Thanks for the question. If I can just talk about the Q1 number, I will say that if you look at our CapEx timing during the year, we do tend to start off a little bit slower as budgets are released. And I will say that last year, as an example, I believe in the first quarter we spent $60 million in CapEx towards a full year number of $560 million. This year, we started out Q1 at $117 million towards what we think is going to be $700 million. So, I think we're still comfortable with our $700 million target for the year. In terms of beyond 2015, I'll tell you that we don't give guidance beyond that point. We have talked about the fact that it will stay – capital is likely to stay elevated from where it was historically for a few more years.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Carter, thanks for the question. I don't believe that we generally discuss restricted sales on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And in terms of international I think what I'd be comfortable saying is that we believe full year sales for international are going to be around 15% of our total sales and we're not discussing the quarter-by-quarter impact of that. But we continue to believe 15% of our total sales that we've guided in the range of – for the year, the $23.4 billion to $23.8 billion is about where we see 2015 international.
