Wesley G. Bush: Well, it's certainly going to be a more challenging environment. And so let me give you a little bit of a flavor staring into 2012 as best we can. And again, we're not providing 2012 guidance on this call. So this is more in the category of flavoring. I would say beyond that, we're just going to have to continue to see how the budget environment shapes up as we go forward. But I would characterize it this way. Based on what we know today about 2012 budgets, the budgets appear to be heading towards, I would say, sort of a flat outcome relative to 2011. In terms of translating that into us, we would expect slightly reduced sales in a flattish environment due to the continuing impacts of some of the decisions that we've made. And these are proactive decisions we've taken on. One, the set of portfolio shaping actions that we've been talking about now for some time, as well as what Jim mentioned, the change in our approach to accounting on F-35 moving over the units for deliveries. So when we put those two things together, that represents in the range of $450 million to $500 million of downward pressure on our top line for next year. But I have to add, there can be additional changes in the budget environment, whether as a result of sequestration or other budget outcomes. And even though technically, those things are targeted to cause changes that would commence out in the 2013 timeframe. We know from observing our customer behaviors, over the course of this year that those changes would likely translate into customer actions in 2012. So even though I would characterize the 2012 budget environment as being, from what we can tell right now, rather flattish, it all depends on what happens over these coming months with a lot of the budget debate that's going on. I am encouraged just to balance that out a little bit, very encouraged by the strong statements that we're seeing from the national leadership, both Secretary of Defense and others in the administration, as well as a number of critical Congressional members who are calling for the preservation of a robust national security spending profile. So that's on the encouraging side of the equation. But realistically, we, like most others in our industry, are preparing for a range of outcomes to make sure that we stay competitive and that we're positioned to create value, irrespective of which way we see this go. There are meaningful opportunities out there. And as I went through the perspective on our portfolio, unmanned, cyber, C4ISR and logistics and all of those areas, we see priorities for customer investment. The question is going to be how much capacity do they have to apply towards those priorities.
Wesley G. Bush: There's always a balance between the negative budget pressures as well again some of the other opportunities. International is an interesting area. I've learned a long time ago never try and project the timing on international awards. There's so many variables involved there. But there are some very substantial international opportunities on the horizon. The unmanned -- interest in our unmanned capabilities just continues to grow. And it will take a little bit of time for all of the policy decisions to be sorted out and the exact decisions on who can buy what. But I see that as a very meaningful set of opportunities for us. And just more broadly, in the C4ISR profile, I also see some very meaningful opportunities for us around the globe in that arena as well. So yes, international will be an important part of our perspective as we think about managing our portfolio going forward. Projecting the timing is a little difficult.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, we'll have to see how that actually plays out. What I indicated was some pressure on our top line for next year in terms of the ongoing effects of the portfolio decisions, as well as the accounting change on F-35. I want to be careful in not giving guidance for next year. We'll think about doing that as we have our call at the end of the fourth quarter. But your observation is a good one, George. Book-to-bill was strong this quarter. I think our backlog is holding up nicely and a lot of that is longer-term work. But it depends on which of the sectors in the company that we're talking about. AS is usually the longer-term cycle on awards, whereas IS and certainly TS are much shorter and ES is somewhere in the middle.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, let me give you a little bit of a flavor on the environment. If we look at the top line trajectory in IS over the course of this year, it's pretty much in line with what we're seeing across the market. Interestingly, if you dive into it a little bit, we have 3 major components of IS. We have the Intel business, the defense business and the Civil business. Intel and Civil are essentially flat over the course of the year, taking into account, as Jim mentioned in his remarks, the sale of the County of San Diego contract. The decline that we've seen has been primarily in defense. And when you analyze what's happening there, it is essentially pretty much across the board, a very broad array of program activities, where we're seeing lower funding levels driven by the customer's behavior as they're dealing with the complexities of their budget environment and all of the challenges that those customers are dealing with. So I think it's important to understand where we're seeing the effect and how that effect is manifesting. This is a market where there are a lot of competitors. When IS goes to market, it goes to market often times against four or five competitors. So there's a lot of competition. It is a market with a lot of variation as well in terms of how the products and services are offered. We tend to position towards the higher engineering content side of that marketplace. And we've got some good competitors out there. But we continue to see it as an attractive market. There is a continuing need on the side of the government, both the DoD and the intelligence community and the civil community to modernize the systems when it comes to Cybersecurity, to better protect the systems. And overtime, to actually put the government in a position of saving money by having more modernized and efficient IT systems. So it's a meaningful market but certainly a lot of competition.
Wesley G. Bush: We've given a view that I think we continue to see as the right view that a margin rate of around 9% in that business is sustainable. And I haven't seen anything that would cause us to change that outlook.
Wesley G. Bush: And then Myles, this is Wes. Let me add on LRIP 5. It is really important that this contract gets funded, in terms of keeping this pro-bail [ph] production process on track to enable industry and the broad supply chain that supports the industry to enable us to continue to work on affordability. So there is a direct connection between affordability and getting this thing funded. And I know that everyone is working hard on that. We're working to support the process as best we can. But that is a key factor to keep in mind relative to this program. Getting LRIP 5 funded is a critical next step.
Wesley G. Bush: I think everyone has to think through where we all stand on this. And the position that I would say broadly industry is taking is we always work with our customer. Our customers are under great duress right now and we're working hard with our customer. But we're not in the business of financing these programs. So there comes a limit in everyone's capacity to deal with that. So it's something that I would say that there's strong alignment on across the industry and we're working as hard as we can to be supportive of the program but we recognize that we've got to get this thing funded.
Wesley G. Bush: The way characterize it just fairly broadly is kind of in 2 pieces. One Intel and then more broadly. On Intel, clearly every part of the federal government is going to have to participate in the efforts to work on the budget deficits. And I think Mr. Clapper's statements were reflective of that. That said, within each of the budget areas, there are going to be priorities and we continue to see cyber as a priority, a very high priority because of just the ever-growing recognition of the threat and the ever-growing magnitude of the threat. So within Intel, we continue to see Cyber as a priority. But the second perspective is the broader perspective, which is Cyber, for many years, had been something that had been largely focused in the Intel and defense communities as the primary concerns around what the threats might be capable of doing with respect to challenging the nation's capabilities. That is no longer the case. Clearly, Intel and defense continue to be very, very concerned and very focused on Cyber. But that concern has now expanded across the government and even beyond government. And as I think I mentioned in my opening remarks, as we see the concerns migrate from, if you will, the .mil domain into the .gov domain, the need for cyber security and cyber protection is continuing to expand. So we think this is an important part of our overall portfolio and we do see it as high on the priority list in just about any scenario going forward.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, clearly, there will be other aspects of it and I really wouldn't want to go into the other elements of the Intelligence Community budget. But it will be a portfolio balancing process that the Intelligence Community has to go through to, just as the DoD is going through.
Wesley G. Bush: We generally don't guide on awards and so I wouldn't want to get into the habit of doing that. Third quarter is often times a stronger awards quarter, particularly in IS, where we've got a little bit more of the short-term stuff. However, I would say, this year has not been a typical year by any stretch of the imagination with the effects of the continuing resolutions, both last year, the 2011 CR and the prospect of a longer CR here in 2012. So I wouldn't try and use my average year comparisons for this year because things have been quite a bit in flux. So we'll see how we do in the fourth quarter. We are working that aggressively, working it hard, of course, to make sure that our backlog continues to be a healthy position for the company. But when I look at how we're doing competitively, which is kind of how it comes out ultimately, I'm pleased with how we're doing competitively. I think we're doing quite a good job in capturing the work that we're going after, when I look at it in a broad sense across the company. And if we can continue to do that, I think we'll do just fine.
Wesley G. Bush: My commentary with respect to strong statements by leaders with respect to the robustness of national security spending and the view that the Secretary of Defense, and as I think I mentioned others in the administration, as well as some senior leaders on Capitol Hill, have been very public in expressing over these last number of weeks that it's imperative that even though we've got to all work hard in deficit reduction, we have to protect the national security. And I see that as very, very encouraging. With respect to the implementation of the variety of initiatives under way in the Pentagon, I do think this Should-Cost methodology is a broad methodology that is intended to be applied in a variety of different circumstances. I wouldn't know how to project what the full breadth of that application might be. But it's something that I do think we'll see an increasing amount. It remains to be seen what that translates into for contract outcomes. Obviously, the government, the department needs a set of methodologies to make its determination of value and cost and contracts. But there's always somebody else at the table in this industry. The industry also has to make its determination of what we're willing to do, how far we're willing to go, in terms of the risk side of the equation; and what reasonable profitability opportunity needs to be on those contracts. So it's not one-sided. It's two-sided. And we have to be able to work hard to get our way through this. So I would say there is probably a little bit more tension in the system right now, around how all this is going to work, what the real outcomes are going to be. But we're going to have to pop through it.
Wesley G. Bush: It will always, for us, come down to value creation. And I will say in watching some of the recent M&A activity, it's been a little hard for me to figure out how with multiples getting paid, we actually generate a lot of value. And so when we're looking at really high multiple, transaction multiples out there, it's probably not the first place we go for value creation, but we do look. We are engaged. We have not closed down our M&A department. It's an important part of the long-term vitality of any organization to be engaged in bringing in capabilities. I've said a number of times and I still am on the same mind that I don't see any big gaping holes in our portfolio today. So there's not a strategic urgency that we're feeling around. We've got to go by this capability or we got to go by that capability. But we are thinking about it in a broad way, thinking about the future of the industry, and where the industry may shape out here in a different environment. And I think you should expect us to be thoughtful but disciplined as we get into this process.
Wesley G. Bush: There's a whole variety of things that are out there. No one in particular is make or break. But I've mentioned a few of them already. Maybe just to give you a little bit of a flavor across some of the businesses. In AS, unmanned continues to be an important area for us, both domestically and increasingly international. The UAE, the airborne surveillance program, is an important in AS. And over the longer term, U-class is a program that we're certainly putting a lot of attention and focus on, but that's a little bit longer term. In ES, I would point out the CIRCM program, as the Army IRCM program that's outcoming. The Air Force is working on upgrades to F-16. I think that's going to be an important part of it and the Navy's pursuing new class of radar and the call it air and missile defense radar, AMDR. That's an important side of future opportunities there. In IS, CANES on the Navy side is coming in the not-too-distant future, I believe and I've already talked a lot about the cyber work and the different dimensions of that. Ground Combat Vehicle, where we're partnered with BAE systems, is another very important program. We'll see how that matures and what the timing of that might eventually turn out to be. And technical services has a whole variety of both sustainment and upgrade activities, that it is out competing in the not too distant future. The whole company is actively engaged in opportunities and pursuing them aggressively.
Wesley G. Bush: That is the overall 3% is kind of 2 different pieces. One piece of it has been BACN. BACN was an important component of the OCO business. And how BACN transitions overtime, does it find its way into the base budget or not, we'll have to see. It's been very, very successful in theater and there has been a growing view of its longer-term importance. So hard to tell how that piece of it goes. The other pieces of it are lots of different programs. We talked on the second quarter about VIS, it was an important part of it. There was a huge push over the course of last year on VIS to get it deployed in the theater on all kinds of different vehicles. So this year's sales have come down substantially on VIS. But the remainder of that is just a whole variety of programs that are providing individual pieces. LAIRCM has also benefited from some of the OCO funding. So it's a little bit hard to tell with the planning in Afghanistan exactly which pieces of it come out at what time. But again, it's a fairly distributed set of elements across our portfolio.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes. I guess just to summarize. I would say our strong third quarter results demonstrate that our continuing focus on performance, portfolio optimization and cash deployment to benefit our shareholders is creating value for our company and positioning us well for what is going to be a more challenging environment. So thanks again, everyone, for joining us today and for your continuing interest in our company.
James F. Palmer: In aerospace, the adjustment on the space program was about $18 million negative, an adjustment to change our booking assumption related to future on orbit fees. And then in electronics, yes, the $25 million adjustment for the dispute around the domestic postal program. But that was partially offset by positive adjustments, more than fully offset actually, by $17 million of the cost performance achievement on the SBR's program, as well as a $14 million international radar performance improvement. Net-net, ES had positive performance adjustments, including those 3 items, as well as some other smaller items as well.
James F. Palmer: So, I guess I might -- I would add that if I look at our information services business, I characterize it in 2 broad categories, maybe 30%, 35%, 40%, that kind of range is services. The balance, let's call it 60%, is much more in software development integration, hardware integration, kind of product, if you will, product development. Clearly, I think we're seeing greater pressure on the services side, potentially. It's always been characterized by a significant number of competitors, and so that's the nature of the business, basically.
James F. Palmer: Myles, our discount rate is developed based on AA bond portfolio, exactly matched to the maturities of our pension liabilities. And so when we have done that in the past, the kind of -- and using that model at today's point, that gives us roughly 25 to 50 basis points reduction in discount rate. And at this point, it's almost meaningless because as you know, we set the rate at the end of the year. But snapping the line as of September 30, we were looking at about a 25 to 50 basis points decline.
James F. Palmer: Let me take the last piece first. On LRIP 5, we have, at this point, I characterize as a $50 million exposure, if the program were to be terminated for some reason at this point in time. So it's something that we're mindful of, thoughtful of. But I think that we'll continue to monitor this as we go through time but it's a really important program, as you know, for our customers and we just got to come through the negotiations around the contract at the prime level and then we'll get our negotiations, I think, then shortly after that completed as well. On LRIP 4, we continue to have conversations. I think we're pretty well close. We don't have a final deal as yet but continue to work towards the deal.
James F. Palmer: As Wes said, and I want to reiterate, we're not providing guidance for 2012 at this point. But at the same time, we have commented a number of times that our long-term margin rate objectives for each of the four segments, we believe, are representative of where those businesses ought to be performing over a long period of time. We feel comfortable about that even in today's environment. As far as trying to quantify how much of this year's margin performance improvement is mix or other factors, it's very, very difficult to do. Clearly, the organization had had an increased focus over the last couple of years, frankly, on strong execution. As you know, we've been very mindful of being prudent about the types of contracts we take, getting contract structured appropriately, structured to reflect risk inherent in the type of work that we're performing, and ultimately making sure that we have a management team that is strong and focused on delivering the product, as well as the margins that were negotiated in the contract. So I don't think I can really break it down into the elements that you're looking for.
James F. Palmer: Actually, I don't have that number with me. But as I recall, the CAS cost accounting number doesn't move much on a year-over-year basis from '11 to '12. I'd have to get back to you on the actual numbers. But as I recall, there's not much improvement change in the cost accounting pension expense from '11 to '12.
James F. Palmer: Let me take the last one first. Obviously, if we thought there were any more losses that we had to take, we would've booked them in the quarter. Obviously, every quarter address the situation. So it's -- something changes that will be reflected in that quarter's results, but kind of based on what we know, we got it. If the environment changes, we will address it. On the F-18 multiyear contract, we continue to have negotiations or conversations with Boeing around that contract. Again, we're making progress. But I would characterize it as signed, sealed and delivered at this point.
James F. Palmer: I don't think so. They key -- I think, what you're really trying to get at is where you don't have funding...
James F. Palmer: So, for example, just because we don't have a contract on F-18, we have funding and are being paid in accordance with normal practices for costs being incurred. So other than that, the comments around the F-35 Lot 5, I can't think of any substantial dollars or contracts that we really have at risk associated with the work that we've already performed.
James F. Palmer: Rob, we continued to, as I said with the $2.4 billion remaining authorization for share repurchases, we liked the balanced approach that we've had over the, frankly, since we started share repurchases in 2003. And I'd just point out that since 2003, through the end of the third quarter, cash return to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends is, from round numbers, 100% of free cash flow on an aggregate basis through that period of time. I don't see much change in continuing to emphasize both share repurchases and dividends. We obviously view dividends as very important, and as a long-term commitment to our shareholders. So we look at both the competitive payout ratios, as well as using other cash to be able to purchase the stock when prices are we find attractive.
James F. Palmer: You mentioned yield. I am not a yield-focused guy. I can get yield up by having a stock price decline. I am a payout-focused guy. We are, as a company, think about it in that term and we think that we have competitive payout ratios.
James F. Palmer: As I mentioned, I will look at both investment performance in the plan and then our cash flow expected results for the year, as well as into next year. As you know, our history in the pension plan has been to generate a nice returns in excess of our long-term rate of return of 8.5%. And so pension contributions, in which you get a tax deduction and then generate those kind of returns that we've had in a historical basis is a very, very good use of cash. Cash on cash returns on a historical basis in excess of 12%. So the balance of both wanting to make sure that our plan is very well-funded, returning cash to shareholders, as I mentioned. And so it's really a balancing activity around the effective use or deployment of our cash.
James F. Palmer: I would characterize it as an overall about the same. In some areas, it's a little bit better. In some areas, others, as I mentioned in my comments, we thought that there may have been some additional funding on certain programs that would've allowed us to offset some of the other declines that we had anticipated, for example, the F-35 change in revenue recognition model. So on an overall basis, I'd characterize it as about the same.
James F. Palmer: David, I know in the fourth quarter that we've taken some actions already in the fourth quarter, some headcount reduction actions. And so that will be somewhat of a drag in the fourth quarter. And there are a couple of things in the corporate and allocated world that at least have a potential to occur in the fourth quarter, so all of those have been considered or factored into our thinking around the fourth quarter results.
