Kathy Warden: Thanks, Dave. In summary, we have delivered excellent year-to-date results and operating performance, and we are pleased to be increasing our full-year EPS Guidance for the third consecutive quarter. We are actively engaged with our supply chain and our employees as we work to mitigate broader COVID related risks and continue to keep our programs on track. As shown by the many milestones in the quarter, we have highly relevant capabilities and programs that align well to national security requirements, and our customer funding priorities. So as we look forward, 2022 is expected to deliver another year of organic sales growth and excellent performance paving the way for longer term, margin expansion, and free cash flow growth. We remain focused on protecting the safety and well-being of our employees, delivering the capabilities our customers need to protect national security and sustain our planet and delivering value to our shareholders. So, with that Catherine, if you would please open the phone line for questions.
Kathy Warden: Quickly Rob, the only thing I would add is that our AS sector has been and we expect may continue to be the most impacted by the COVID related challenges that we spoke about.
Kathy Warden: Sure, Doug, this is Kathy, I'll take that. So as you noted, there is opportunity, particularly in our Mission Systems sectors. We've look at the tech refresh on the F-35 and the Mission Systems that we provide to the aircraft. There has been some delays that has been noted this year. They have had some minimal impacts just on the timing of our work in the funding to support our work. But we have not experienced performance issues as a result of those delays, it's just shifted some sales out of this year into next. And in terms of our overall outlook for our Mission Systems work, we do see that and we think consistent in saying this as upside opportunity while the production volume is flat, and price pressure is driving overall production sales volume down slightly across the board. The other area you didn't ask about, sustainment continues to be an opportunity as well. And we see that in all three sectors that predominantly led through our Defense Systems business for the aircraft, the airframe, and our Mission Systems business with sustainment contracts for the Mission Systems.
Kathy Warden: Yes, thanks for the question, Sheila. So to unpack the space growth for this year and the trends that we expect to continue into next year, GBSD has contributed roughly 50% -- a little bit over 50% to the sales growth in space in 2021. And we expect that trend to continue into 2022. To your point about 500 million of growth next calendar year being less than you might have anticipated, you might be looking at budget data which showed an incremental billion in each of the two years. But I'll remind you that a quarter at ' 22 government year is in 2021. So, we've seen a more significant ramp over the course of the 12 months in 2021, than we anticipate in our calendar year 2022. So, it's not a change in profile, it's nothing different. It's just how that fall into our calendar year. With regard to your broader question on how that translates to our outlook for the Company overall. I think it is safe at this point based on what we know today, to suggest that low-single-digit growth in 2022 is a reasonable expectation. At this point in the year, we see some COVID impacts that we've referenced. We saw them in 3Q. We're anticipating those to stay at that same level in Q4. But it is difficult to project what that impact maybe in early 2022, but what I will say is, we see those more as speed bumps than we do speed rumpers. Our fundamentals are intact, we have strong backlog, strong pipeline, and great portfolio alignment to budget priorities, so we still see the path to growth that we've been talking about. We just have some of these COVID, as I call them, speed bumps that we're working our way through. Hopefully that helps.
Kathy Warden: We see a path to continuing to grow this business and it's based not only on the strength of the backlog we have with programs you were referencing like B-21 and GBSD. But it's also a pipeline that includes continued new award and I highlighted a few of those today of programs that are roofing into phase where they will see production award in the next couple of years. We still see a path to growth over the medium-term, and it's just a matter of how quickly that growth comes in the next several quarters as a result of some slowdowns that we've seen. And I should say, Ron and I appreciate the opportunity to address that. We've seen fairly minimal supply chain impacts because we have a relatively high labor content on our jobs versus external supplier content. We've talked a bit about the leave taking that we saw being higher in the third quarter, but they up to is finite because as people take leave of course they're burning down their leave balances. And, when I look over a longer-term period at trends like labor market issues that may drive labor rates up or inflation, we have in the industry at one of the highest levels of cost plus work. So those costs get passed on and shared with our customer. Now I do want to emphasize that we in no way, it want to pass those costs onto our customers, so we are working to minimize those impacts for their benefit. But our shareholders, they're not carrying that exposure. So, I feel really good about the portfolio that we have in our ability to weather any of these short-term impacts or what we expect to be short-term impacts and still be on a path to grow.
Kathy Warden: So, we are implementing the vaccine requirements across our U.S. workforce as the mandate requires us to do. We are certainly early in our stage of collecting data about our employee status and have a good sense that a vast majority of our employees are vaccinated or in the process of being vaccinated, and with other employees, we are working through their options to meet that requirement by December 8, It's really too early to predict what those impacts might be until we have a better sense of, not just the pure quantum of employees who may not meet their requirement, but where they work and what they do in our Company and therefore, how we would mitigate those impact. But as I mentioned, we are proactively increasing our hiring now in anticipation that we may have some loss of workers. And we are ensuring that we have training and skill building programs in place. So, as we bring those new employees into the workplace they can get productive and efficient as quickly as possible. So actively working to mitigate impacts, they're just too difficult to really quantify for you at this time.
Kathy Warden: For us, they've been relatively minimal as we have seen our own increases in leave taken, we've seen the same thing in our suppliers and that was primarily driven by 2 things in the third quarter. We estimate one was the delta variant. We saw increased case counts and therefore people out of the workforce while they either recovered from COVID or we're staying out based on close contact and we understood those supplier similar phenomenon. Then the other was that people had not been taking leave at the same rate, but as things started to open up, people actually took some well needed and deserved vacation. So, those are the two primary drivers that we saw and our suppliers saw the same which slowed down deliveries a bit. But as I noted, we see those as being temporal in that leave taking is somewhat limited at that point in time.
Kathy Warden: Cai, it's not just something We would consider we have been articulating throughout the year that we do see a majority of our free cash flow being returned to shareholders over this period and, it is in part by, we increased the dividend again this year and we have committed to at least $3 billion of share repurchase in 2021. You could expect to see those trends for cash returning to shareholders in the next couple of years as well.
Kathy Warden: So, Seth, we see our book-to-bill being close to 1 again this year have been significant awards that we anticipate in the Fourth Quarter. And our backlog has grown over 90% since the end of 2017, so to your point is there -- we don't expect that kind of accelerated growth in our backlog it currently sits at over two times sales, so it's quite strong, and we feel supports the continued growth of the business for several years to come.
Kathy Warden: Yes, well, once again, I want to thank the Northrop Grumman for delivering another solid quarter. We are actively working to mitigate the COVID related risks that we talked about today and finish this year strong with robust sales growth, and other strong EPS performance, and solid free cash flow. Our initial 2022 outlook as we've said, is expected to continue to deliver growth and strong operating performance again next year and we look forward to providing you some details around that guidance in our January call, so, we wish you all well, and thanks again for joining our call today.
Dave Keffer: Sure, Robert, I can touch on that a bit further. As we mentioned, we're projecting a mid-single-digit growth decline this year in AS, and that's about the same trend that we anticipate next year in light of where we are in the life cycle of a lot of our key programs in A.S at this point. There is no single factor or even 2 or 3 factors that contribute the lion's share of that decline, but rather a fairly consistent trend in the trajectory across a lot of our key programs in the sector. You mentioned, we can't say much about our restricted portfolio, certainly agreed on that front. We have mentioned that the Global Hawk portfolio is projected to decline next year as black 20's and 30's continue in their retirement process. F-18 is projecting a decline for our portion of that program. Jay stars is another -- I would highlight there. And so across the board, these are fairly consistent drivers, F-35, we've talked about some of the COVID impacts there in Q3. And it's kind of pattern going forward in the AS portion of the program is relatively flat to modestly declining as we look at the '22 outlook. So hopefully that gives you a sense of some of the key drivers, as I mentioned, it's not anyone's specific program.
Dave Keffer: Obviously, we'll provide more insight on 2023 as we get to a similar point in 2022, and throughout the year, we will talk more about specific programs within that portfolio. I think for some, the trends will continue, for others they won't and we will defer to later date to give you more specifics as we look at the 23 outlook and beyond.
Dave Keffer: Sure. So, the kind of high level view we gave you on 22 through 24 assumes that the amortization of those R&D costs does not go into effect. Though the trend line would be similar, it would be lowest in 22 with an increase in 23 and 24. But let's talk about it, assuming that guidance does not go into effect. What I think you can expect from us in '22 is to continue to drive a similar volume of working capital improvements to what we've done this year, which certainly had a good track record over the last couple of years of working capital efficiency across our business and that will help to provide that steady level of program driven cash that we talked about on the call. We also talked about pretty steady capex next year, slightly lower as a percentage of sales. With the sales growth, but a fairly consistent volume on a dollar basis. That means the kind of non-operating items or what we expect to provide the year-over-year reduction, $350 million less cash pension recovery is what we project today. I think of that more as a purification of our free cash flow stream. That day was going to come for a while and so, we're reaching that point now where we've reached the sustainably lower level of cash reimbursement. On the cash tax side, we'd projected those would be modestly higher without the R&D amortization provision, or other changes in the rate or other key provisions legislatively. Of course, legislation could then change that further if we don't have a removal or for all of the R&D tax item, for example. So more to come on, all of those fronts on the January call.
Dave Keffer: But hopefully that gives you a sense for it today. As we think about '23 and '24, we do expect continued decline in capital expenditures as a percent of sales. We will also benefit from not having the payroll tax to payroll in '23 and '24 as we have in '21 and '22, and at the program level, we expect continued working capital efficiencies on some of our key programs in '23 and '24, which is what gives us the confidence in that increase in those years.
Dave Keffer: You'll see much less significant changes in 23 and 24, again, based on what we see today and based on the actuarial environment today. From 21 to 22, as well as 20 to 21, we've had significant reductions in cash recovery. We no longer expect significant movement really in either direction in those out-years.
Dave Keffer: Sure, Doug, obviously that's one that we can't get into much detail on, and so I guess, I'll refer you to the overall trends that programs tend to see as they're in these phases of the lifecycle that we've described on B-21 and maybe more importantly that our customer has described on that program. Certainly it has been a contributor to our growth as in the restricted AS portfolio over the last several years as we've described but the go-forward trajectory and the pace and timing of that growth is something we can't say much more about. So we've given you a sense for the 22 outlook there and where the program stands in its life cycle and that's about what we're able to say at this phase.
Dave Keffer: Sure. We're really pleased to have been able to increase our 2021 segment operating margin rate guidance for the 2nd time now to another ten-basis point increase this year. As we noted in 2022 we won't have the 20 to 30 basis point benefit that we have this year from the pension driven overhead rate benefits that we experienced in our EACs in the first quarter of the year.  And we anticipate being able to offset a portion of that reduction as we look to 2022. I don't think it's requires a specific assumption for '23 and '24 margin rate to get to the general trend that we're providing for those years. We'll be more specific about margin rate outlook as we get closer to those years. But, I think a relatively stable margin rate would get you to the trends that we've talked about in '23 and 4, with a healthy double-digit CAGR as it relates to free cash flow from the '22 base up to that '24 level. Again, no payroll tax deferral, a bit of efficiency on the capital expenditure side and some program-driven opportunities are what really drives that.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Let me address both of those, David. On the segment OM rate, you're right to think about the 2 factors we've described in '22 compared with our increased guidance for 2021. We'll look to offset a portion of the 20 to the 30 basis points reduction that we would see from the absence of those rate benefits in '22, we'll look to offset a portion of that 20 to 30 basis points through continued strong operating performance, but not all of the 20 to 30 basis points on the OM rate side. And look, in terms of the 23 and 24 free cash flow, we've got a lot of moving pieces yet to be determined on the tech side, as we mentioned, things can continue to move as they often do on the pension side. Based on what we know today, I think what's best to say today as we anticipate that healthy growth outlook in 23 and 24, as we get to January and provide more specifics on the 22 level of free cash flow and know more than we could note today, in terms of tax legislation and such. We'll provide a bit further detail on the 23 and 24 growth rate in comparison to where we are today also.
Dave Keffer: Right. We're comparing to the actual mid-single-digit decline in 2021 when we say we are having a -- expecting a similar trajectory in 2022. It's a good question. Thanks for the clarification, George.
Dave Keffer: Sure. The $350 million number is pretty consistent with what we've been projecting in recent months and in the July and April earnings calls, there was legislation regarding pension earlier this year that affected some of the actuarial assumptions used for CAS purposes and reduced that number. Then the other factor is in 2021, that CAS number came up by about $60 million, as we noted on the call today. The compare from 2021 to 2022 got $60 million tougher, but the 22 level has been pretty stable for us since that new legislation came out in the spring.
Dave Keffer: Sure, Cai, I think you noted appropriately at the beginning that we'll know more in the next few quarters than we do today about tax legislation and other factors. We'll know more about the COVID environment, the budget environment and so, all of these are factors that we think about as we look at our capital allocation plans. I mean, Kathy's point is the important one around the priority for us over the next couple of years will remain first and foremost, after making critical investments in our businesses, we've said we will continue to do the next priority is around returning cash to shareholders over these next couple of years. Whether we choose to change our net debt balance over the next few years or not will in some ways be affected by those broader factors, and we'll update you and others as we know more and get into 2022 on that front.This year, we achieved our credit rating targets and feel like, we're in a good stable position there. So again, we'll know more and update you all, as we do.
Dave Keffer: Yeah, of course, the year-over-year backlog comparisons in DS in particular would be affected by the divestiture of the IT services business to a lesser degree in MS and Space. But certainly, thinking of more of an organic change in that DS backlog is important in this particular year.
