James F. Palmer: Myles, let me give you a range of thoughts here. Clearly, 2012, we've had a benefit from the cost reduction activities we've undertaken over the last year and a half in terms of our existing backlog. Some of that backlog continues to have those benefits on a go-forward basis. Secondly, I would observe that the contracting environment is -- it's a little more difficult that it has to been in the past. It means that we got to be diligent about terms and conditions and contract structure. And most importantly, it means that we have to do what we are charged to do, manage our programs. Thirdly, we do take a look every year at long-term rate of return assumptions for our 4 business areas. I'm very comfortable with where we are, but we'll take another look at that. Based on what we see, as in -- as performance in the industry. And we may revise or we may continue to hold the long-term rate of return assumptions that we have today. But again, I feel very good about where we are in terms of the businesses. Clearly, our job is to do better than those long-term rate of return assumptions and we've been able to do that over the last couple of years, basically through a combination of affordability initiatives and then managing the programs. And then finally, we're not standing still. We continue to take actions to improve affordability within the company, which again, it will give us an advantage on the existing backlog even for new contracts that we negotiate today. So in summary, I would say just outstanding performance from the team for this year, and we feel good about the long-term view of the businesses and what the margin ought to be able to generate. And it's up to us to manage our programs.
James F. Palmer: You're correct, Noah, in your observation. We have a very conservative balance sheet at this point in time. We view flexibility as very important. The cash balances provide us that flexibility in this uncertain environment. Having some certainty around future budget outlooks would be really important. We're mindful of where interest rates are. We've watched that very carefully. I don't know that we're going to see a significant change in interest rates in the near-term. I'd like to believe that we are, but I doubt that we are. So I think that the market flexibility will likely remain for a reasonable period of time, that if we wanted to take advantage of that, we would have the opportunity. But in today's environment, having the flexibility that our capital structure reflects today is really important.
James F. Palmer: I would just reiterate your comments. We continue to have a balanced cash deployment strategy, investing in the business, managing our balance sheet and returning any excess cash to our shareholders. And traditionally, our dividend and share repurchases kind of have been in a 20% ratio for dividends, the balance in share repurchases, if you look back over a quite a bit, a long period of time, absent last year's large share repurchases after the spinoff of Shipbuilding. So -- you and I are in the same place.
James F. Palmer: Actually, book-to-bill ratios in the -- both on a quarter and a year-to-date basis are essentially around 1, or above 1, and I think in all of our businesses, except TS, we're at 0.97 on a year-to-date basis. So frankly, compared to last year, at this point in time, our book-to-bill is ahead of where we were.
James F. Palmer: I'd just observe, Howard, that the decline in CapEx that you're seeing, you might remember that we moved from California a year ago, bought a building? That's probably the biggest driver in the decline.
James F. Palmer: I think, Cai, I think there's an advantage to have a very well-funded plan. There are some practical limits to that as well. And so, if and when we see a move-up in interest rates that reduces the liabilities back to, frankly, a move back to more historical levels, you're right, that will significantly improve the otherwise underfunded situation that we see today. Given where interest rates are, not only is a 25 basis point move in discount rate, which we talked about being potentially 100 basis points lower, and contributing to the pension expense of $75 million to $80 million, a 25 basis points move to $750 million of liability, pension liability. So you're right in observing that a move-up if and when we get that in terms of interest rates, will have a significant impact on funded situation of the plans. And we do, just like with a view of the company, this is a long-term decision that we made for providing employee benefits for our employees. We need to think about it in that way. I don't have significant cash contributions. I don't have any -- it might require contributions next year, at this point, look to be in the range of, let's call it $75 million. So not a significant use of cash. But as we've mentioned before, when you think about our cash deployment across the total opportunity set that we see, we clearly want to invest in the business and continue our, I think, leading portfolio. We want to manage the liability side of our balance sheet by both investing in the pension plans when it makes sense. We have debt that matures in only the next couple of years, and so we need to be thinking about what we want to do there, whether we replace it or pay it off when that matures. And then ultimately, we'll return excess cash to shareholders. Our view really hasn't changed, and we need to think about the pension plan on a long-term basis, and if and when we do see changes in interest rates moving up, it will improve the funded situation of the plans and likely will have a similar impact on our required funding.
James F. Palmer: All of which I, again, would agree with, and Carter, if you think about the nature of the accounting method percentage of completion, that we and the industry use, essentially significant changes in your cost structure have a cumulative catch-up impact. And so yes, I could imagine a situation where a change in cost structure or revenues by X amount results in a different percentage change in margins for the company or the industry.
James F. Palmer: Yes, actually George, we're negotiated on Block 4 and 5. We're negotiated, so we have a good basis for thinking about marginal rates on the contracts.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, let me frame it this way. If we look at 2013 in particular, clearly sequestration is a big, big variable in all of this so, but to the point of your question, if we set it aside, the other reality that we are dealing with now is this continuing resolution, 6 month CR. And it's a pretty tight CR in terms of the way that it's crafted. It puts an enormous number of constraints on our customer community, with respect to what they can do on new starts or transitions into production, or even under IDIQs. So given that, that appears to be at least a 6-month concern, and that will put negative pressure on the top line, sort of across the board. That's going to be a fact of life that we're dealing with. So ultimately, stability in our top line will go sort of hand-in-hand with greater stability and how the government is appropriating and executing the budgets that are allocated for defense, and the other agencies that we serve. The other factor though that I would say, needs to be considered, even if you set aside sequestration, is just how much money is going to be allocated for defense, ultimately in the budget environment? We all know that there is a substantial deficit situation, and that there are some tough decisions that lie ahead to be made regarding the outcomes for each component of that budget. So it's a little unclear today, from where we are, how to predict, how that will go. But to the point that you made, we feel good about how our portfolio is positioned in that regard. We feel that we've done a good job of getting aligned on priorities. So when those budgets get set, it's our expectation that our portfolio will do well in a relative sense against those priorities. The other longer-term opportunity for the company continues to be on the international side. As you know, our international sales, historically have been largely confined to our Electronics business. And while we've been very pleased with those sales and the team at Electronics has done a great job of making those sales very effective for us, we see additional opportunities emerging, particularly in our Aerospace Systems business, but also in IS and TS as we take a broader look and engage with our DoD customers in terms of their strategy on what they would like to see our partners around the globe, be able to do. We see a growing push to take some of the capabilities that historically we've had some challenges exporting. We see a growing push to make those more available to our partners. So that's not the near-term thing. It takes a while to get those through the policy arena and then actually execute it in terms of specific programmatic decisions. But we also see our portfolio as being well-aligned for some of the important thrusts that we see from an emerging policy perspective and supporting our allies around the globe.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, it is just very slightly higher in a total magnitude sense, but what ultimately counts is what the constraints are that get implemented program by program. So you have to sort of peel that apart. And I -- we're all glad that the total number for the CR was a good number relative to the President's budget. But when it comes to executing programs, particularly programs that are in any form of transition, if it's a transition from development to production, if it's an IDIQ contract where you're finishing off a task, an order on an IDIQ contract and they want to issue a new task. And, if you're just looking at the broader set of constraints that went with -- and this was a very tightly prescribed CR. More tightly than we have seen in the past. So that, that was really the comment that I had on why that is an issue relative to how the top line will work out. Just about every program in our community has a fair amount of variability around where the funding is coming from, what the line items are. And when you start putting those types of constraints on it, it does have implications on what our customers can do. So that's all of our hope that we move through this CR as expeditiously as we can and get a real piece of legislation that really does the appropriations the way they need to be done so that our customer community can go and execute on their mission. That's our, I would say at a, the top-level, our primary concern. I think it tends to impact our shorter cycle businesses more dramatically, but even some of our more substantial programs that are making that transition from design into production could be impacted by those constraints, depending on the timing of the actual appropriations language and how long we actually live under this CR environment.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, I think one of the comments we made earlier was, as we look ahead into the CR environment, we do have a little bit more concern about some of the shorter cycle businesses given the constraints on new starts, if you will. And the CR has been implemented, so that sort of programmatic funding issue that we would have, that I think would manifest in the shorter cycle businesses. But as I pointed out, it can even impact our longer cycle businesses at the point that programs are transitioning in some way that would be impacted by the constraints of the continuing resolution.
Wesley G. Bush: So Jason, let me -- and I appreciate the question because this is an area where, as I mentioned in my remarks, there's a lot of uncertainty, first and foremost about whether or not sequester would happen. But then, should it happen, how that would all roll out. As I think I mentioned in my opening remarks, we would not expect to see obligated funding hit in sequester. It is, I think, the case that it would take a little bit of time for the -- each of the departments and agencies to sort through what they would need to do contractually as a result of sequestration. Just the pure mechanics of that process would be daunting, if I were putting myself in the shoes of our customer community to really deal with such a thing. So it's hard to predict. And so I wouldn't want to get too far off ahead of trying to predict how that would actually work out. But I do think that the principle that you indicated is probably correct, that the services businesses would, if a sequester were to occur and persisted for some period of time, would probably be impacted sooner, in that they have the higher turn rate of their contracting base. And consequently, they burn through the obligated amounts and they encounter a new contract decision more quickly. And also, the customer, more likely, would be in a position where it would be having to deal with those types of contracts sooner than the longer cycle development and production contracts. Although ultimately, if that sequester persisted, all of those things could be under a lot of pressure. So it's a little bit hard for us to come up with some percentages on that. We've done a lot of modeling for different scenarios. I wouldn't want to go on record pinpointing a particular scenario that I thought was most likely, because as I said, this is going to be a very, very dynamic environment. Should we find ourselves in that position of a sequestration actually getting implemented. And it's going to be -- it would be very, very tough on our industry, but I would also say it will be very, very tough on our customer community and the challenges they would face and the decisions they would have to take, none of us envy anybody being in that kind of a position.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, I won't go through the details of that. Obviously, it's been a part of our modeling. It varies, as you might imagine, by the different components of our businesses. Some of the monies that get appropriated, the actual outlays occur over several years, sometimes 2, sometimes 3, and some of the appropriated monies get burned up in the cycle. And you can imagine which of these businesses go with which. So there is a burn through of all of that. I think perhaps though, a bigger question is should our customer community find themselves in a situation where there's been either by overt decision or by failure of the Congress to actually change direction, basically a national conclusion that we're going to do something as draconian is implement a sequester. What actions will our customers have to stand back and do -- take from a broader strategic perspective? So there's kind of the mechanical part of outlays and obligations and all of that. But the real question at that point in time would be strategic. And what the longer-term implications would be of having to rethink a fundamentally much smaller budget within which to execute the national security mission, while the threats around the globe and the issues that our servicemen and women are called upon to execute continues to grow. To me, that's actually the bigger question here. It's not so much the in-year outlays and the implications of the mechanics in 2013, it's -- is where would that take us. And that's what I think we've -- we need to be mindful of.
Wesley G. Bush: George, let me take on the question around Block 30. We continue to work closely with the Air Force on all the blocks of Global Hawk. The Air Force has continued to fly the Block 30s and we continue to support the activity, and we continue to work with them to make sure that all of the capabilities and operational activities that are needed to continue to make that asset valuable to the Air Force and more broadly, valuable to the co-coms, are being implemented. So the category that we continue to work very closely with the Air Force and the combatant commanders continue to ask for the asset to be utilized.
Wesley G. Bush: It's a very fair way and it's one of our very big concerns. Clearly, the civilian workforce and the DoD and the intelligence community represent an enormous foundation of knowledge and perspective in implementing the National Security Mission which we're all focused on executing. So the concept of a major reduction in that workforce would have very, very long-term implications. It's also a big concern beyond the DoD and something that I think is sometimes not illuminated adequately in this discussion around sequester, half of sequester goes to the DoD and sort of the national security side of the budget. The other half, fully, the other half goes to the other federal agencies. And so we're talking about impacting individuals who support Air Traffic Control, individuals who support all of the federal enforcement agencies and law enforcement agencies across the board. We're talking about potential impacts to food safety, to the activities that are underway to ensure that the nation is able to deal with diseases and epidemics. All those sorts of issues are on the table every bit as much. When you think about those other agencies, they don't have as large a procurement budget as does the national security side of the equation. In a sense, they don't have as large a procurement budget when they go to take this full 50% of the hit, it will translate into even greater impacts on the civilian employees of those agencies. So this a broader set of national issues and national concerns than just the defense community. And I think that deserves more illumination in the debate around the appropriateness of using this very blunt instrument of sequestration to address the fiscal challenges.
Wesley G. Bush: Okay, thanks. Well, let me summarize quickly by saying again, we are very pleased with the performance of our businesses in the quarter and all the way through the year. Clearly, this continuing focus on performance, on cash deployment and on our portfolio is making an impact, is making a difference, and we are pleased with the outcomes that we're seeing this year. We certainly appreciate all of your interest in our company and thank you, again, for joining us on our third quarter call. Thanks, everyone.
