Ken Bedingfield: Yes, let me start with that, Myles. I would just say that we are really happy to see the awards in the backlog that we’ve been able to get in the first half of the year. And as Kathy mentioned, we do expect to see continued strong awards in the second half of the year. I would just point out that a number of the awards we’ve been booking like the B-21, E-2D, which is a five-year multi-year contract, F-35 lots 12 to 14, many of these programs are going to support multiple years of revenue. And so given in particular, the awards booked in the first part of the year, first half of this year, the biggest ones being E-2D, as well as F-35 and then some restricted space activity, we expect those awards to result in sales for a multi-year period and give us really good visibility into strong sales growth for a number of years to come. And so given those – the impact of those large, kind of multi-year awards, we do see that those will result in our backlog turning into sales and about 40% in the next 12 months versus our previous average of about 50%. But it does not give us any pause as to any guidance we have given with respect to 2019 sales or with any indication we have given you about where we think we can be on 2020 sales. And I’ll just remind you, we talked about a mid-single digit range on 2020, but given our awards activity and the opportunities we see in front of us, we think we’ve got opportunity to be in the higher end of that range for 2020. So we think it’s really a good new story and supports, again, this – while we’ve been talking about the level of visibility we have into some long range sales growth for this business.
Ken Bedingfield: Yes, I would just add that – you may remember, Doug, in the first quarter, we talked about the contribution of some commercial negotiations that we had planned to occur in 2019, but which occurred earlier than we expected driving the Q1 margin up. And then in Q2 largely, we had some positive adjustments on some of our contracts that drove some additional margin rate. And obviously, as we look at the second half of the year, we will work hard to manage risk and realize opportunities to try to continue to drive upside to margin rate, but we’ve had a real successful first half of the year so far, and still need to fill it in for the full year. In terms of the question specifically about the 26% versus the 29%, I would just remind you that the previous-year period only included about three plus weeks of activity. So probably not a material change in terms of the revenue then versus revenue now. But certainly we can perform on cost-type contracts and drive favorably as EAC adjustments there as well.
Ken Bedingfield: Yes. So Seth, just a couple of comments, I guess, I would make for AS. I would say that as I referenced in my remarks, we did have that some timing of some supplier costs that moves the rate a little bit from Q2 into the second half of the year. We did have a relatively tough compare for AS growth, which had grown 11% Q2 of 2018 on top of 11% the Q2 before that. So AS has been a solidly growing business and we continue to be comfortable that it continues to grow as we look forward. We’re comfortable with our full-year guidance for AS, and feel good about where we are and where that business is going to be going in the next few years. And I’ll let comment – I’ll let Kathy comment more specifically on kind of the divisions within AS.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure. I’ll comment on that. I would say that as we look at the value-creating capital deployment opportunities, I’m probably not going to lay out the specifics for what 2020 might look like until we actually give guidance for 2020, but I would probably reference you to our consistent allocation over the past number of years. In particular, I would note that we’ve been repurchaser of our shares for many years, dating back to 2003. We certainly expect that to continue. We’ve talked about what our CapEx profile looks like. Certainly, we continue to invest in technology through R&D investment and things like that. In terms of pension, pre-funding, I haven’t seen that really rise too high on my radar screen at this point. I would say that we’ve had pretty solid pension returns year-to-date and that should help us from a required funding perspective. And I think if you think back to our previous discussion, we didn’t have a whole lot of funding required for the next couple of years on pension, so not necessarily high on my radar screen. My previous commentary on the debt pay-off in August of this year, we do expect that after we pay that off and then we look forward at our growing EBITDA and cash flows, we have the opportunity to get back to our preferred BBB+ credit rating at that point. So lots of optionality on kind of managing the balance sheet, I would say, from that perspective and just lots of opportunity as we see again a growing set of cash flows to think about what the most value-creating capital deployment is.
Ken Bedingfield: Great. Thanks for the question. As I mentioned previously, we’re not ready to give guidance for 2020 at this point. But I think we’ve been clear and I’ll continue to be clear that this is a business that will be a strong generator of cash as we look forward. And let me just walk through a few of the drivers of that for 2020 and beyond. First, as you mentioned, we expect to continue to see solid growth and that’s for multiple years, given our portfolio alignment to what – our customers’ needs and the changing threats, and also as evidenced by our strong backlog. We continue to expect to generate strong margins and convert those margins into cash. We invested ahead of the curve and we continue to expect our CapEx will moderate in future years. Pension plans are well funded to Rob’s question previously, some of the best funded plans in industry, to be frank. And as we look forward, we continue to think that working capital should moderate a bit starting in 2020, and with more opportunity in the out years. So with kind of that framework, I think you’re hitting on the right issues or the right thoughts, and I wouldn’t argue with your thesis or assumptions on solid free cash flow growth.
Ken Bedingfield: Yes, I’d be happy to go through that George. I don’t think there were really negatives of any significant consequence in this year’s second quarter. You may remember that last year’s second quarter, we did have an – a pick up EAC positive adjustments of about $69 million on a couple of restricted programs. So really, if you look at it, it was more positives in last year’s second quarter. And if you think about this year’s second quarter with a similar margin rate, that would tell you that the underlying baseline EAC rates that we’re booking at is stronger than it was for last year’s second quarter. So we feel good about where we are. I’m always careful to put too much credence into the EAC adjustments, because there’s always timing and fluctuations and ups and downs. And I think the most important thing is, we continue to perform. We have not seen an uptick in negative adjustments and continue to deliver consistent, strong performance at each of the sectors.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure, Rajeev. I’ll start on that one, and then Kathy can add any color. But from an F-35 perspective, I would just say that we are performing well, we’ve been delivering quality product on time or ahead of schedule. We do have four contracts across a number of sectors, actually we have more than – more than four contracts now with IS and TS starting to see some of the logistics activity and sustainment. So it’s a significant program for us and we’ve been really working hard to support our customer Lockheed Martin, as well as the U.S. government to deliver to that target that has been established from a price per unit perspective. And clearly our cost is a part of the cost reduction that our customer is seeing. So we feel really good about where we are on that program and we’ve seen really solid operational performance and we’re pleased with where that program is at this point. And then with...
Ken Bedingfield: I would just add that the Ammunition contract that Kathy talked about, has a bit of a longer phasing than most contracts. So probably start – it would start to transition in kind of mid-to-late 2020, although we’ve put together a competitive bid and we’ve got a lot of confidence that we’ll see that production continue to be a part of our business. And on VITA, I would just say that it’s had a more significant impact in the first half of the year and we see it really only about $75 million of headwind as we look at the second half for TS. So not a significant set of contracts that could sort of move against us.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure, I’d be happy to talk about that. Thanks, Joe. From a dividend perspective, I guess I’ll start with – we simply don’t chase yield and can’t chase yield. That being said, we’ve seen significant increases in our dividend every year for the last number of years. I think it’s been six years or so with double-digit increases. And in fact, two increases. I guess, it was in 2018, two 10% increases or 10% plus increases in 2018. So we’ve been seeing a significant increase in our dividend per share. And I will say that you’re going to think of us as – certainly continue to think about what our future dividend increase would look like. But again, that being said, we don’t – we don’t chase yield and it remains an important part of our capital deployment strategy. We’ve tended to think of it as kind of a range of 30% to 40% of our pension adjusted net earnings. And we’ve tended to be in the middle of the pack to our peers in terms of looking at our dividend based on that measure. And so we think from a yield perspective, we may be a little bit low. But we think from a – again, looking at relative to our pension adjusted net earnings, that we’re pretty squarely in the range in terms of making sure that we have a competitive dividend.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thanks, Ron. This is Kathy. And as we look at the RFP, which did come out Monday, a week ago, we are really seeing what we expected to see and we are positioned to be able to support the U.S. Air Force requirements and view this as a strong opportunity for our Company as I noted in my own remarks, we have been supporting the ICBM system for over 60 years. So we have the knowledge and the expertise needed to put together a strong offer for the U.S. Air Force, and we look forward to doing that. There is a 150-day response period, so we will be submitting the proposal late this year and still expect an award in the mid-to-late part of 2020.
Kathy Warden: Yes. We had talked about revenue synergy really not starting to kick in earnest to 2020, and as mentioned in last quarter’s call, as well as this one, that we are seeing those revenue synergies sooner than we expected. They are on efforts that are restricted and developmental largely, and therefore, you see a fairly slow ramp of that revenue in 2019. You’ll see it more materially happening in the 2020 and 2021 time frame as we’ve talked about previously. As you noted, it is in restricted space and today I shared the Space Norway award because it’s something that’s unclassified and that we can talk about, that demonstrates how in that case Innovation Systems and Aerospace Systems are working together, with IS providing the bus and the integrated ground, and then AS building the payloads for the satellite. And so we’re going to continue to see those kinds of opportunities that are pulling end-to-end capabilities from across our various sectors together in multiple mission areas. But certainly, we’re seeing more of that in space than any other domain.
Kathy Warden: So Doug, let me start and then I’m going to ask Ken to provide some color on some activities in the first half of the year, which won’t be recurring, that did have a positive impact on the IS margins. But more broadly, the good margin performance we’re seeing at Innovation Systems is due in part to their strong performance, and also in part to the cost synergies that we are realizing across the Company. And the more that we’re able to utilize the facilities, the footprint and the infrastructure that we have across the business as a whole, IS and other sectors are benefiting from that. So it’s not just the costs that we’re taking out that I referred to as cost synergy, but also starting to realize some of the operational synergy that’s having a positive impact on margins as well. In terms of our outlook for IS, we expect that strong performance to continue. But as I noted, there were a couple of events in the first half that increased their operating margins. And Ken, I’ll ask you to share – shed some light on that.
Kathy Warden: I’m going to ask Ken to start with giving you the outlook for the remainder of the year, and then I’ll talk to our overall view of the three segments.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So we’ve been seeing growth across the three segments of AS Manned, Unmanned and Space, and each quarter that varies a bit. This quarter, Manned and Space were up offsetting some slight declines and Unmanned, just largely timing of deliveries in that business. As we look forward and over the long-term, we see Space as likely the fastest growing segment of Aerospace. In that we see budget increases in that area, it’s a key area where we’re identifying and executing revenue synergies across the entire portfolio. So I do see that being one of our fastest growing segments in the Company over time. I would say that Manned continues to benefit from a number of key franchise programs like E-2D, the additional work there with the U.S. Navy, but also it will be fueled by the international growth that we noted with Japan. And then of course, we continue with F-35 to see some decent growth in that Manned segment as well. But Unmanned too, will has a nice growth outlook as we take Triton to early operating capability later this year. We’ll be ramping up production on that program over time and we also as you know have strong international demand there with units going to Australia and some interest in Germany as well. So I really see nice opportunity across all three elements for the Aerospace portfolio.
Kathy Warden: Thanks. So as we look at the missile space, there is clearly opportunity for us to continue to be key suppliers to Raytheon and Lockheed, which we’ve been doing in more traditional cruise missile space. And as I noted on today’s call, we continue with that partnering in the hypersonic weapons space as well. And then there are some select instances and I pointed to some of those in our prior discussions, AARGM-ER is a good example, where we are the prime provider for the missile. We can provide that full integration and delivery capability, but we also have clearly the specialization and propulsion for other prime missile systems. And so when we think about the business, we really do focus ourselves on continuing to evolve the technology in not only the propulsion systems, but our ability to provide guidance and the other elements of the system, the composite structures, that we can offer to others or in select instances, provide through our own prime offering. We see that area growing for IS, as we see it growing for the other primes as well. And so we think that there is plenty of market opportunity for the three of us in that arena.
Kathy Warden: Sure. Let me start with Technology Services. Our win rate there in the first half of the year has been very solid, particularly on recompete for we’ve been able to defend the business that we have. And as you know, at the beginning of the year, we laid out a trajectory for that business. The actions that we’ve taken have stopped – stabilized the top line and you’ll also see that we’re increasing the margin rate in that business because the team is executing to that plan quite well. As our guidance indicates, I expect that, that sector is going to be flattish for the remainder of the year and we still expect that the sector will return to growth in 2020. It’s largely driven by still having some headwinds from programs that have exited the Global Services part of the portfolio, while we are growing the global sustainment and modernization part of the TS business. And I just want to also note that TS is providing us affordable life cycle support and modernization for systems and platforms that we build as well. And so they’re an integral part of many of the programs that we have and they offer us affordable options for that services component of the program execution for the bid. So now, turning to the second part of your question around LTAMs, we are in an active competition there with submit to bid. And we feel confident that we have an offer that is competitive and is based on mature GaN technology. So we’ll wait to see what the Army thinks. But we certainly are pleased to be able to participate in that competition and bring forward what we think is a good offer.
Kathy Warden: We’re certainly assessing the implications of the consolidation in our market, but let me share how we think about our own strategy. I see that we have a strong portfolio, especially now with the addition of Innovation Systems, and the portfolio is well aligned to our customers’ highest priority investment areas. As you noted, we have been investing to support value creation. We’ve been investing in technology. I gave one example today, of a multi-year investment stream we’ve had in open Mission Systems Electronics and some of the programs that we’re now winning in Mission Systems as a result of those investments. We, of course, have been investing in the facilities and equipment we need. Many of you have seen the expansion that we’ve done at Palmdale and across our other aerospace centers of excellence over the last several years. And we have a competitive cost structure as witnessed by some of our recent wins and the fighting of our cost advantages in those. So when I look at where we are today, we have that portfolio and a strong basis to support business capture. We also have a strong and improving balance sheet that’s going to continue to allow us this investment optionality into the future. And we’ve demonstrated the ability to compete and win at our current scale. So I see often that the quality of investment choices is even more important than the pure size of the investment itself. And looking at where we are with a focused strategy, well aligned investments to that strategy, I feel good about where we’re positioned.
Kathy Warden: Right. So we have the remaining headwinds from the Virginia state outsourcing contract that is still in TS through the third quarter, and then we have in our Innovation Systems sector, a contract for Lake City Ammunition Plant and that is expected to be awarded in September of this year. That would be about 10% of the revenue in Innovation Systems and it does not currently have economic value. So there would not be a profit impact, but we are positioning to compete for that contract and are expecting to hear in the next couple of months.
Kathy Warden: So to frame out the opportunity for you, it clearly starts with the development of the modernized ICBM system and then moves into a production phase over a number of years to actually produce the capability and then would move to sustainment. But that sustainment scope is not part of the RFP for this offering. That’s really – it’s about the development and the production phase of the contract and transition to sustainment. My phrasing on "technically mature" is because we’ve been executing tech maturation and risk reduction program for the last several years on GBSD. And through that process, we have been able to retire risk and really mature our offering, and so we do feel that at this point in time, what we’re able to offer has wrung some of that risk that we would have identified at the early stage of our designed concept out of our offerings.
Kathy Warden: Pete, it certainly hasn’t fallen off the table. We’re still engaged actively with the State department and looking at MTCR, and also specifically looking at certain countries that have requested our unmanned systems capability. And I would say that we see much more opening to have that dialog and request from us to come forward with areas that have expressed interest and put some ideas on the table. It is slow to develop those into actual approval for export. And so, we’re still working through a process that requires a lot of steps for us to get there. And so – look at MTCR also requires multi-national engagement to make a change to that policy. So that too, we expected and are seeing that’ll take some time.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Why don’t I start with the second part of your question, because in the counter-hypersonics part of the market, we are establishing ourselves as the prime. We have capabilities in the Missile Defense Regime today and in the space regime that we believe will be highly relevant to counter-hypersonics. So that is an area that we are aggressively pursuing. In the case of hypersonics, thinking of the offense of weapon systems themselves. As I noted today, we do have prime effort. We also are supporting both Lockheed and Raytheon, and that’s an important part of our strategy. We have done an Orbital ATK prior to joining Northrop Grumman, had been a merchant supplier to Raytheon and Lockheed. We got into agreements to support them on certain programs and we are very committed to uphold those agreements and continue to support them with our best and brightest people and technology. As we look forward over the long-term, we certainly will look at every new opportunity as one that we would make a decision, is it right for us to pursue that as a prime or continue to have partnerships and work through the prime of Raytheon, Lockheed and perhaps others that might emerge in this space as well, or both, and offer capability to everyone who is choosing to pursue the marketplace. And so those are decisions we’ll take one by one. We are certainly not looking to take an aggressive stance in that marketplace, because as I said, it’s a growing market and it’s one that we feel is big enough for three parties to adequately play, and we want to make sure that our technology is getting into the hands of the war fighter and that we’re giving them the best capabilities in a timely fashion. And sometimes it makes sense for us to work with our competitors to do that.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Steve. I, once again, want to thank our team for their outstanding performance. Our business capture, our growing backlog, our fruitful investments, they continue to provide the opportunity for long-term value creation for our customers and our shareholders. I also want to thank all of you for joining us for the call today. I hope that you enjoy the remainder of your summer, and I look forward to talking to you again in October. Natalia, that concludes our call.
