Kenneth L. Bedingfield: I would say, if I look at history, we are historically relatively flat in the second half of the year. We're also seeing a tougher compare in the second half as you look at 2016 as we were really starting to grow the business in the second half of 2016 as well. I would say that in terms of the guide itself, we may see some additional volume at the Mission Systems, essentially the legacy ES business on some of their units of delivery sales. But, largely, I don't see this as inconsistent with our historical pattern and relatively consistent with.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, David. I would say, we did disclose in the 10-Q the impact – the expected impact upon adoption on the 2016 P&L. You did see that there was higher revenues of about $200 million. That largely relates to the change from units of deliver to cost to cost, as we pull some cost forward on some of the growing units of delivery programs. That would tend to increase the operating margin in 2016. We did have a couple other contracts that had some impact as we looked at 2016 that resulted in a lower margin in 2016 of about $70 million. And I'll just give you an example. On one case we changed the performance obligations of a particular contract to push back some profit prior to 2016. We also had another situation where a change in performance obligations resulted in some margin moving out into the future from 2016. So it's just one of the vagaries of the adoption of the rev-rec standard. I wouldn't take 2016 and assume that when we ultimately adopt in 2018 that it's going to be similar, that was relatively unique impacts of those two particular programs at that point in time. We will certainly keep you updated and be able to provide full information on our year-end call. But definitely don't read that situation into our ultimate adoption in 2018.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. Myles, let me see if I can maybe add a little bit more to that. And I would say that if you look at 2016, it was a 2 points, maybe 3 points higher in terms of mix than 2015. And if you look at 2017, probably a couple points higher from 2016; could be the peak. I think to Wes's point, we've got a number of opportunities in front of us for growth, some of that being fixed price production and some of that being cost-type development work. I would also point out that not all cost-type work is the same. Certainly, in general, fixed price margins are greater than cost-type. But as we take on new programs, there are obviously a number of risks and opportunities that are identified. And the goal there is to burn down the risks and harvest the opportunities and make sure that we're able to drive the margin rate up. So more mature cost-side programs where we've been successful in that regard can be strong generators of margin. We do have some cost-type programs that are still in the process of getting through some of those risks and capturing some of those opportunities, and we'll work diligently to try to maximize every dollar margin out of those. But I think it's a nice place to be where we've got a growing set of opportunities in front of us for both production and development. And ultimately, we will see our mix come back to more historical norms. I'm just not sure I can predict if this is for sure the year for you.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Let me start on that one, Doug, and I would say that we certainly had the cost claim, noted that it was partially offset by some provisions for cost reductions as we always look to make sure that we are able to run our businesses as efficiently as possible. I don't see necessarily any major mix changes at MS. I would say that we have seen in the last 18 months or so a bit more in terms of some cost-type work at MS. But I don't see a major change necessarily this quarter. We've talked about some additional space restricted opportunities there that we're performing on and a couple others. But I don't think there's anything particularly huge from a mix perspective. I would say that as we look at that business, we'll work hard to have a strong second half of the year. And we continue to think of that business as one that compares to its peers, and we've talked about kind of the 12% range as a benchmark for that business, and we continue to incentivize the team to perform better, and they have, and we'll certainly work hard to continue to do that in the second half.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah, George, I don't think I want to get down into that level of detail. Obviously, the cost claim impact at MS we discussed was in the range of $30 million, and this was a partial offset to that, and to be honest, I don't have the number in front of me. But we look at MS as performing well, and certainly we'll continue to focus and make sure we maximize that as we look forward.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: I don't think I'd be able to go there, George. I would just say certainly a big contributor, certainly a big contributor at Aerospace, but also a contributor as we look at the MS business as well.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Regarding F-53, George, I would say I don't have the quarter numbers in front of me, but from a full-year perspective, we're looking at AS being relatively flat from an F-35 perspective. Last year had some EMD volumes still in it. We don't see that this year, and the units are largely starting to ramp in 2017. And I'll remind you that certainly the price per unit has been coming down nicely as well. But at Mission Systems, we are looking an F-35 increase and probably $0.25 billion range and that's across all three of its F-35 contracts, the radar, the DAS, and the CNI. So nice growth at MS and we see that trend continuing at both sectors. And to Myles' point probably something that will be impacted by the rev-rec standard as we look at the 2018 and beyond.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: So, I would say, Peter, part of this goes to Wes' remarks earlier about the second half of the year in terms of CR and funding and things like that and impacts that could have on the shorter cycle business as well as customer challenges and behaviors and things like that. TS has done a really, really nice job of managing the business in the first half of the year and finding ways to generate some additional margins. And we're continuing to look under every rock to see if we can find more in the second half of the year. But this is a business that performs very well relative to its peer group. And I would say looking at the second half performance, what we're looking at now is not shabby but we'll certainly work hard to outdo it.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: I would just add to that, Wes, that we were excited to be awarded the NORTHCOM G1. (41:31) That will certainly help from a volume perspective. We're moving out of the EMD phase, and moved in to production late last year. So that is an exciting phase of the program as we move into full-rate production. And some of the international customers Wes referenced and the NORTHCOM contract are certainly helpful towards that volume ramp that we're looking for, and we look to continue to support Lockheed on future opportunities.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: And Howard, (sic) [Cai] (45:32) maybe just to add to that, I would say, we did see a growing international sales number in not only the second quarter, but also the first half of the year, both the quarter-to-date and the full year or the six months to-date up about 4% from an international perspective. But to Wes' point, we've got a growing domestic business. We've got a growing international business. And what moves first will determine how it looks forward. But we're excited to again have a nice robust and the first set of opportunities as we look forward.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Wes, I'll maybe just add that from a cyber perspective, with respect to the DOMino question, we do view cyber as one of the areas of business that should see some growth, and that's pure cyber business as well as cyber-enabled. And I think we're uniquely positioned from a cyber-enabled perspective, given our expertise both with platforms and systems and cyber. And that's certainly somewhere where we see – we should see some nice growth over the long term.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. I won't comment on the B-21 specifically, but if I can just talk about maybe AS at a broad level for a second, I would say that we've seen a nice growth trajectory in AS over last year. It was at 14% this quarter and 13% year-to-date. Again, it's a business that historically flattens out a little bit in the second half of the year and particularly if you think about development work that largely tends to be driven by a large engineering workforce, we do see that we'll have a lower number of work days in the fourth quarter. You've got Thanksgiving. You've got Christmas in there, and that does tend to have an impact on the late year sales. Not a ton of units of delivery work that's driven out of Aerospace where you tend to see maybe some additional units toward the end of the year. They do have a couple of units of delivery contracts F-35 and F-18, but the preponderance of their business is on cost to cost. And so we look at it – there's the possible for some upside there. But as we look at it given the work days, we think the guide is pretty squarely in the middle of the fairway.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: If I can just add, Wes, to the second part of the question, we talked about the capital and investing in capacity and the capability, but I would also just point out it's beyond the balance sheet, but also down to the rate structure, our ability to invest in R&D for the technology and the capabilities and we invested in that R&D through the downturn and we continue to find ways to enable us to invest as much as we can into R&D. And I think that's a big component of it that – it's a little bit nuanced from the balance sheet side of things, but really that goes to how we manage our rates and our total cost management and really getting to managing every dollar of cost that we run through this business.
Wesley G. Bush: And, David, the one thing I would add, too, on that is – and I mentioned this briefly in my remarks. As we look at the September or October timeframe for the year, there is some uncertainty out there right now on the whole budgetary environment. And I think many in our customer community are of a mind that we are likely to have continuing resolution at the end of the year. And so we've seen a variety of customer behaviors in what will be our fourth quarter. And that would be the first quarter of a new fiscal year. We've seen a variety of customer behaviors over the last number of years as we've dealt with this budget uncertainty. So until we get a little bit better resolution on that, we factor some of that into our thinking as well.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Jason. Yeah, it's clearly a really important part of our enterprise. If you just look at the mix of things that we do, I think this year, we'll probably acquire slightly in excess of $10 billion worth of our content from parties outside of our company. And we're proud of our supply chain. We worked hard over a number of years to drive on quality and to make sure that we're driving on performance in our supply chain the same way that we're driving on performance within our company. And at the end of the day, those are the kind of the biggest levers when it comes to making sure that we are getting the outcomes that we need in our programs for our customers. And I've seen great reaction across our supply chain to step up where we've identified some issues in that regard. And also to invest ahead with us as we are investing in our company robustly because of the opportunities that we see and the focus that we have on ensuring we're going to be there for our customers around the globe. Our supply chain has stepped up with us as well. You mentioned a really important aspect of our engagement with our supply chain, and that's affordability. And I want to be clear about our approach on this, because I know there are some different perspectives out there in industry on that equation. From our perspective, affordability is all about getting better designs that are inherently lower cost. It's not about squeezing the death out of our teammates trying to get them into a place where they might be even potentially unviable for the long term. We don't do business that way. We are focused on helping our teammates get to a place where the products they're providing us are inherently more affordable because we're addressing cost. And I think that's a really important perspective, because that's the only thing that's really sustainable over the long term. If you're just squeezing for the sake of a near term deal, you're really not going to help yourself for the long term. So that's been our focus to drive on affordability. The other aspect of it is – and I mentioned this briefly with respect to investment – is we really like being engaged with the most innovative members of our supply chain, those who are bringing their ideas forward, who are pushing us as well in thinking about how we can do things differently. And because we so much appreciate that innovation and the fact that our supply chain members do invest along with us, we always work hard to keep that appropriate balance on how much we do inside versus how much we do outside. And it really is a set of business decisions each time. If we can do something more effectively, that is more affordably, with more innovation outside, that's our first choice. And it makes all the sense in the world to manage an enterprise that way. Because we do participate at the very high end of technological spectrum in the work that we do, there's just inevitably a fair amount of our effort that is internally focused and derives from the internal investments that we make and the capacity and capabilities of our extraordinary team at Northrop Grumman. But even there, over time, we attempt to take a lot of that and place it in the hands of able suppliers that we trust to not only perform on it, but to continuing to invest in it as we go forward. So we do not have in place an overt strategy to drive more vertical integration. That's not the way we think about it. We think about it element-by-element to make sure we're making good business decisions and decisions that will ensure the viability and capability and capacity for serving our customers for the long term.
Wesley G. Bush: And, Doug, I would just add this is a business that's our highest performer in terms of margin rate. We see a very strong performance trajectory there, and I feel good about seeing that continue. So I don't have any concerns at all on that.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. And, George, just along those lines, as we go forward, and we see our customer very appropriately become a bit more sensitized to the security environment and the nature of the threat profile that we're addressing, we do see the possibility, and I would say we framed it a little bit more strongly the likelihood that an increasing fraction of our business may become restricted. And as you might imagine, there are some sensitivities to how much information, even when it comes to percentage types of information, that we can discuss along those lines. But we do see our customers increasingly thinking about how they classify their programs.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. I appreciate the questions, Seth. IBCS is a program we've been working with the Army for some time. It addresses some really tough challenging problem for the Army. And so inherently, as the effort has moved forward, the view of the capabilities that's required and the way that it needs to be tested and implemented does evolve a little bit. So we're partnered closely with the Army on this. I see today from the Army a strong conviction of its importance and the need to continue move forward with it. And over time, there are likely variants of this – of interest to our international partners around the globe. And so we are absolutely committed to this program. It's getting many of our best and brightest in the company in terms of its focus. And I believe we're going to see over the longer term, it will take a little while to get all this aligned with where the army and then ultimately the international market will want it to be. But I see over the long term a really nice opportunity here.
Wesley G. Bush: That's a great question. SABR is specifically right now targeted to the F-16, and as you know, there's a lot of F-16s out there. So the question obviously is how far this goes. How many of those would be aligned on this type of replacement and it's kind of hard to tell. All I could say is if I were an F-16 pilot and I was offered the opportunity to go up against the adversary in an aircraft with a SABR versus an aircraft that didn't have one, I know which one I pick. So we'll have to see how many of the services that are deploying F-16s are aligned on those types of upgrades versus other alternatives of a different aircraft they might be looking at. And obviously, there's a budget (40:29) affordability side of this. So it's a little hard to call right now. I would just say that the adoption that we've seen so far has been great, both domestically – primarily domestically, but the international interest on this is significant. We have a good partnership with Lockheed Martin on this, where both companies are committed to continuing to make the F-16 a very strong capable platform for a long time. And we just have to see where this goes. You also asked about the overall profitability, and like most of these things, volume improves with the profitability on that program over time. And over time, it's certainly our desire that this demonstrates a level of profitability in excess of what MS demonstrates in aggregate. But we need to see the production volumes move in that direction over time.
Wesley G. Bush: It wasn't really – And, Cai, you'd asked about it, were there any other big one-time moving things and nothing that was material at all.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, Cai, the international marketplace is robust right now for us and our peers. The question always is when does the discussion and the interest translate into sales. And it takes a little bit longer to get over the hurdle on a few of these things. But we're quite excited about what we see internationally. We're focused around the globe as you know. The three major areas of focus for us are Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Just from a longer term outlook and in terms of the growth rates, I continue to see Asia Pacific as having the higher long-term growth rate, just given the geopolitical dynamics of that region, the need to significantly enhance the security capabilities and the focus of the governments that – from a partnership perspective and our international partners, the focus of those governments that we see underway. But clearly, Middle East and Europe are going to be quite important as well. We see the NATO countries seriously re-examining their investments. And it's also clear that our allies in the Middle East are taking very seriously their security needs. So I do see this as an important part of the overall global security picture. We're actively engaged in it. And it's just – you have to play these things through on the timeline that they actually materialize.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. As I mentioned on the IBCS, we continue to see a very good long-term outlook on that program. You mentioned the AOC. AOC was the case where the Air Force's request to the Congress for continued funding was not supported, and so the Air Force is regrouping and figuring out what it wants to do in that regard. And I think you also mentioned DOMino was another one of the moving parts. MS has a very broad portfolio. And as you recall, we put together two large sectors to make an even larger sector. So many of the elements of that portfolio are these medium or smaller programs that are going to have puts and takes over the course of a year. But when I stand back and look at all of those puts and takes, I see a nice growth trajectory for MS. You could see it in the quarter. It was growing well, and as we look forward, we continue to see MS as very, very well-positioned and growing nicely. I don't see any particular shift in the percentage of programs that might fit the label, I think you gave a bread. And there's always a mix in the portfolio of things we're having to put more attention on than others. But I think the sector is being managed exceptionally well. We have a team that is both very operationally focused as well as strategically focused. And I'm delighted with the portfolio mix that we have there, and the way that it's been integrated into this new sector. So I feel good about the outlook for MS.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Howard. Two great questions and glad your connection worked. Sorry for the earlier issue there. Let me first take on your first question about how we think about the program selection process. It's a process that we have continuously refined over the years. We have a set of areas that we see as those that are most likely to be areas where we can add value to our customers, and that the programs will actually be sustained and supported over the longer term. So we start with that and do a very comprehensive assessment of what it takes to be in a position to really add value and our participation in those programs and sometimes early on that means getting ahead on the investment curve a bit to position ourselves well for that. We interact extensively with our customers through the development of the request for proposals, and give them a very candid feedback both on the capabilities that they're asking to be created as well as the business terms. And sometimes the customers are eager to engage on all of those aspects. And in other cases, and this is not a negative towards the customers, they see the marketplace offering them so many alternatives that they elect to take business terms or pursue business terms that we find unfavorable. And so there are times when even though we believe we're well-positioned technologically and the program is likely going to be supported that we'll decline to bid, because we simply don't see the business terms to be aligned with our view on how we create value over the long term. And we've been selective in that regard. I believe our customers would tell you that we've been very candid with them around that, so that we're not surprising our customers when we make a decision to not pursue something. If it is something that is a re-compete work that we're doing, we're very thoughtful about making sure our customers are not left hanging in anyway. We don't do that to our customers, we stick with them until we transition appropriately. But we work hard to be very transparent with the customer community around the terms that we think will make sense – reasonable sense for us to pursue versus those that don't, and we move on. There's a quite a wide space of opportunity that we're addressing. So there's no sense at all that we've just got to bid something for some reason. And I think I've been clear in the past that we're a company that does not drive itself from a perspective of the top line. We really think about the value creation and the flow-through of how we're generating net income and how that gets converted into cash, and then, ultimately to your second question, how we use that cash in terms of the strength of our balance sheet. And you're right, we've taken a variety of approaches over the last number of years. In capital deployment we've, I think, been good steady payers of a good dividend. We've been very focused on share repurchase as an important tool. But the most important thing that we do for the long term is invest in our business so that we have the opportunity to grow profit and to make sure that we're delivering good value through that profit growth. And that's really our primary focus. And you can see that in our current capital deployment. We are at a bit of an elevated level of capital expenditure because we see those opportunities to drive on affordability and to invest for the opportunities in front of us. We have been, I think, very thoughtful in that regard. We're going to see a continued elevation of our capital probably for the next couple of years in reflection of that opportunity space. We also do look at opportunities outside our company. Over the last few years, there haven't been any significant ones that really met our criteria for deploying capital towards M&A, but it is an area that we continue to look at. I think it's a responsibility on our part to continue to test those opportunities. And should we find one that we have strong conviction that we can apply capital in that direction and grow value, then you should expect us to proceed in that direction. So we look at that full suite of opportunity, but I would just cap it off again by saying our strong desires to put our first dollar towards organic growth opportunities because we see a large number of them. We've had good success in converting those investments into outcomes. And I'm just very proud of how the team drives that discipline. I will tell you that for – back to your first question, some of the things that we've elected not to bid, those recommendations have actually been coming up from the teams. That's not something that just a big corporate decision. It's reflective of the discipline that's embedded within the operations of the company. And I'm really proud of that. So thanks, Howard, thanks for asking that question
Wesley G. Bush: So let me wrap up by again thanking our team for their focus on performance. It's certainly serving our company, our customers, and our shareholders well. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
