James Palmer: Sam, we've made good progress towards our margin targets. As you know we, a number of years ago, put out some long-term target objectives. And as you pointed out, we're at or exceeding some of those margin targets. Our emphasis is around sustainability. I do think that there is an opportunity after having demonstrated sustainability to potentially move up. But right now, our focus is on sustainability. In terms of any unusual items in the quarter, I would just simply point out that every quarter, there are earnings adjustments on contracts, both positive and negative. I can't, as I look at the quarter though, I can't really see any major unusual positive adjustments that were included to drive the results one way or another.
James Palmer: We don't see it as particularly connected to the top line. Obviously, we've had to take and are continuing to take a lot of actions around affordability so that we are managing our total cost structure into an environment that we see, as I indicated in my remarks, as flat to very, very low growth. And we continue to press on that overall perspective of affordability and competitiveness. But I don't have any near-term concerns about those translating into pressures on our bottom line.
James Palmer: Heidi, let's see. Looking back for the year, we've had share repurchases in all three quarters. The rate at the first part of the year was heavier and we tried to deploy the proceeds from the TASC divestiture. And in terms of the market opportunities, the capital markets, we're looking at a range of alternatives, I think it's fair to say at this point. And I don't think I would take anything off the table as far as potential but at this point, it's really looking at what we might be able to do and what is the most attractive to us.
James Palmer: Look, I wouldn't want to get ahead of any key decisions that we might make in the future. All I would say is that as we look at the businesses, there are several tests that we apply in thinking about fit for the long term. One, of course, is the value proposition. As you mentioned, whether or not we are the best owners of the business and whether or not it makes the most sense to have that business in our portfolio versus leveraging an opportunity that might exist in the marketplace, we also look at it in the terms of synergy, how well the business is connected into the rest of the operations of our corporation, how well we're able to bring the pieces together to create more by virtue of the elements working together. And as I think we've been pretty explicit about, our exploration of alternatives around Shipbuilding, that's a case where we see a very good quality business with great opportunities for continued margin rate expansion, but a business where we've not been able to demonstrate very substantial synergies to the operations of Shipbuilding with other parts of our company. And that has led us down this path of exploring alternatives to see if there might be a way of enhancing overall value, both for our shareholders and for our customers and employees by having Shipbuilding operate as a separate entity. I think it is indicative of our thought process, and just would illuminate the way that we're looking at our company. But I do get the question sometimes, should the marketplace the actions we've taken on TASC and Shipbuilding as some sort of a signal that we're looking to figure out how to dismantle the company and sell the pieces for more than the whole? No, that is not what we're doing. We're not dismantling the company, but we are intent on being very active managers of our portfolio going forward.
James Palmer: Let me take that second piece first. The additional contributions into the plan would earn for financial accounting purposes, the 8.5% going forward into next year for 2011 pension expense. Though, and Cai, in my prepared comments, I talked about the two big variables to FAS or financial accounting expense being the discount rate and the long term rate of return versus the assumed rate of return. The other variable is, as you pointed out, essentially what's going to happen with your CAS cost. In our view of CAS cost for 2011 essentially reflects an increase in those costs of about $250 million to $300 million, consistent with what we thought would happen at the beginning of the year. I really don't see much of a change occurring from that view of increased CAS cost that we had at the beginning of the year as we approach towards the end of 2010 here. I'm looking for about a $250 million to $350 million in CAS cost that will serve to offset some of those potential increases in FAS cost that we referred to.
James Palmer: David, it's Jim. I'd essentially go back to our prior comments on our long-term earnings objectives for the different segments. I do, as we said at the second quarter call, if we make the decision to separate the Shipbuilding business, there'll be some stranded cost that we'll have to deal with in the near term that will obviously be somewhat of a margin pressure for a period of time until we are able to implement the actions to take out those costs. But x ships, our view of the individual opportunities within the four remaining businesses is unchanged.
James Palmer: Yes, just at a top level, we, obviously, don't get into the details of ongoing negotiations. But we are a good partner, I believe, with Lockheed. You'd have to ask them, and their perspective of that. But I believe we've been a very good partner with Lockheed on this program. I would say they've been a good prime on this program, and part of being a partner is being supportive of the affordability initiatives that are underway. We have to look at each of the three pieces of F-35, sometimes, a little bit differently because there are different risk return characteristics. By the three pieces, I mean, we do work on this program as a subcontractor, Lockheed, in Aerospace Systems, Information Systems and Electronic Systems. And so the approach that we might take while similar in most respects, might be tuned slightly differently given the individual characteristics of those areas. The one thing I would say about FPI and it always goes, of course, to the actual structure of airline geometry and target cost. But in general FPI can be a very good contract if you're in the LRIP phase, particularly after you get past the first view of the LRIPs where you have a very good cost base line, where you have a very comprehensive risk management approach and where you know what you're really producing and how the production lines are supposed to operate. And that's where we are in F-35. We've made tremendous progress on this program. I feel good about the products that we're delivering on F-35. And then, there's always elements of the program that require continued tuning and at the prime level, Lockheed continues to go through their overall test program. And so there is the SDD overlay to this and any of their recurring or the new issues that might occur get addressed through that concurrent SDD approach. But given all of that, I think that there's a reasonable contractual approach to be taken here to support what Lockheed's customer is asking of them. And as a partner, we are focused on supporting that.
James Palmer: Myles, we're looking at a range of alternatives. It'd be premature for me to announce anything at this point. So let us finalize our thinking on what we might want to do, whether we want to go to the market and how we go to the market, et cetera. But rest assured, that we are looking at what the opportunities are.
James Palmer: I guess the only thing I would add, Wes, is just reiterate the lifeblood of the industry is production margins. We do a good job there as others do. Frankly, we've been very successful winning new development as well. And so I think as important as production margins are going forward, Doug, the other variable is going to be the mix of development in production as we continue to look forward. If we continue the trend that we've had of being very successful on new development programs, that could be a little bit of pressure on margins. But it really sets us up for long-term opportunities going forward. So frankly, on a near-term basis, I'd take that drag.
James Palmer: Not necessarily, Jason. It's much more of taking advantage of our cash flow, continuing our balanced cash deployment strategy that we've articulated and had in place for the last number of years. We do look for, as I said, a balance towards returning cash to shareholders through dividends and repurchases. We've had strong share repurchases this year. We've added to pension funding, and we're looking at how we can manage the balance sheet, as Wes said in his comments, more effectively, as well. And then finally we're looking at any of the opportunities that come along in terms of acquisitions, particularly if they were in areas that meet our areas of emphasis the C4ISR, Cyber, unmanned, logistics areas of emphasis. But I wouldn't signal that we're trying to accomplish anything in particular with the level of pension contributions other than taking advantage of the possibility of increasing pension earnings going forward, the low interest rate environment, clearly, a tax advantage in making contributions today. And so essentially exhilarating future obligations into a period of time when cash is favorable.
James Palmer: I'd say we're probably in the $0.10 at $0.20 range in terms of stranded cost, and my experience just tells us it's probably a year to 18 months to deal with them.
Wesley Bush: And, Sam, I would say that, from my perspective, and as Jim indicated, we are very pleased to see the progress that we've been able to make over these last few quarters in improving our margin rates. We're not going to be satisfied until we see this really be demonstrated as sustainable performance improvement quarter-after-quarter, and that's what we're really driving on across the corporation.
Wesley Bush: Heidi, in civil, we had been clear for some time that we were reshaping our focus on that part of the portfolio, away from the stable local IT outsourcing environment to be more heavily focused in the civilian agencies area. And then in particular, in the civilian agencies area, in places where we thought we could really bring something that was differentiating for the long term. So the wins that we've announced are reflections of that strategy of being more focused on civilian agencies and then being, I would say, quite selective within the civilian agencies range of opportunities for those areas where we can bring things such as our Cyber Security capabilities to many other solutions or other substantial engineering content that reflects the type of value that we can deliver to customers. So we see that marketplace as an attractive marketplace. Again, we are selective in what we're pursuing. And part of that selection process goes to the second part of your question, which is the margin rate. We are pursuing those opportunities that we believe are consistent with our margin rate objectives that we've laid out for Information Systems in total. And so that typically reflects a little bit of more of the higher end, if you're okay with that description, of the civilian agencies marketplace than the parts of the marketplace that have been more commoditized.
Wesley Bush: Well, the way I would frame that, Troy, is that we have a continuing process in our company to actively manage our portfolio. We continuously look at what we need to add and what we need to subtract to be best to support our customers for the long term and to generate value for our shareholders. So as we look forward, there's a -- and I would just say that there's that sort of continued process that's underway. On the addition side, I've said frequently and we just reinforce that we feel very good about the set of capabilities that we have and their match to where we see our customers going, whether that's in C4ISR or Cyber or unmanned or the logistics part of the business, we do look at opportunities that come up in the marketplace to add to the portfolio. But so far, and I think you've seen in our actions over the last couple of years, we really haven't seen anything that's just been a must have it all. And so we can afford to be very, very disciplined in the way that we assess those market opportunities. But I would just say that we do have a continued proactive process in our company to manage our portfolio.
Wesley Bush: We have very proactively addressed the head count question, both at the executive level and the levels below. We have, as you would recall over the last couple of years, taken our sectors from eight down to the five that we have today. And as we have taken each of those moves, we have used those as opportunities to take out substantial cost, which primarily has been focused around head count reduction to get to more optimized and streamlined organizational approaches. We have been a bit of that already at the corporate staff level. And as we relocate, we are shrinking the size of the corporate office as a part of that relocation. But I would say more broadly in the things that perhaps connect even more directly in terms of the affordability initiatives, we've also taken on, enterprise-wide, a variety of activities around Shared Services that are really paying dividends for our company. And we we're going to continue to push on those. But the day-to-day cost leverage, the things that really are driving the outcomes the department is looking for, are really happening at the program level. Program by programs, is where we have to take on the cost affordability challenges and demonstrate that we can, if necessary, re-architect how those programs are being done and in all cases, go and find the cost opportunities that will continue to bring down the cost curve. So I know there's a lot of play, a lot of focus that happens around head count reduction. But I would just point out that it is I think even more important the work is being done at the program levels to drive affordability.
Wesley Bush: Howard, I appreciate being described as having a rosy outlook. I don't know anyone that's described me that way of late. And so perhaps let me give you my kind of a broader view. I know I touched a little bit of this on my commentary, but just a broader view of where we see things going. It is clear to all of us that the budget pressures will certainly be a big factor in setting the top line environment for the DoD and the intelligence community, which represent the vast preponderance of our customer base. I don't think there's any debate out there. It's also clear that affordability and variety of initiatives that are connected to the affordability thrust are going to have some implications for the defense industry. We are very pleased by the engagement that the DoD has had with industry in reaching out and setting a course on affordability. But as I said in my remarks, the key to that is going to be in implementation and how all of that rolls out. I do look forward to that continued engagement with the department to shape it as we go forward, and I would say that we have a team at DoD today that has demonstrated a real connection to the importance of industrial base, both the strength of the industrial base and the future of the industrial base that I personally haven't seen for some time. And I really like that. And so perhaps that comes across as a little bit of a rosy outlook, but it's more intended to reflect my view of the interaction that we have with the department, very positive nature of that interaction. They are tough taskmasters. You've seen them hold us publicly accountable when they don't like the outcomes that they're seeing, but I think it's fair. And I think the message is that we need to be doing what the we need to do. And on the programs like Global Hawk, when we've gone and see them to talk about affordability, we've been able to have the two-way conversation about the things the department needs to do. And they've taken that on board. So I like that part of our environment today. I think it will be healthy for our industry over time to be aligned and supportive of that. But just let me be very clear about how I see all that adding up. We do not expect, and I would say nor are we dependent on significant top line growth to create value. And so many of the changes that we've been driving in the company over the course of this year had been focusing on the areas where we see those value creation opportunities, and that goes to program performance, and we've talked a lot about mitigating risk in the programs where we've had some challenges in the past, driving that risk out, generating a margin rates that we know we can demonstrate by focusing on core program performance and then being very good stewards of the cash that we generate. And our value equation is based largely around that improvement in margin rates, that intelligent deployment of cash and being proactive with our portfolio to make sure that we stay lined up actually a little bit ahead if we can with where our customers is going, and we feel good about how that looks in terms of portfolio. So I can't agree with you more. There are a lot of negative, if you will, issues out there surrounding the outlook of the top line, concerns about how the customers will react to that over time. But I would also tell you that, and you have as much or more experience than I do in this, Howard, that over time, we see our nation respond to the external threat profile. And I don't see that diminishing. In fact, I am increasingly concerned about some of the new aspects of the threat profile that we've all seen emerging over these last couple of years. And I do have confidence that our nation stands up and addresses those, and that doesn't translate to earnings or sales in any particular quarter. But it does drive the way we think about positioning this business for the long term, to be good stewards for both our shareholders and our customers and of course, our employees as well. Probably said a little more than you're asking for there, but I appreciated the opportunity to reflect on the environment.
Wesley Bush: Yes, let me say what I can in that regard. As I said in my remarks earlier, we are continuing to explore a whole range of alternatives to sort out first, whether a separation from Northrop Grumman of our Shipbuilding business would actually be beneficial. And then secondly, if that is the case, whether it would be most advantageous to go down the path of a sale or a spin-off. I can't say much about sale process. We manage all of that under tight boundaries of confidentiality and it's just a matter of policy we don't comment on that aspect of our M&A. You did see, I think, hopefully everyone noticed that on October 15, we submitted a Form 10 registration statement to the Securities and Exchange Commission. And that was an important filing because that really gets the process started to provide us an alternative should we elect to go down the path of a spin-off. There's a fair amount of information about our Shipbuilding business in that Form 10 and I would say we were quite proud of being able to pull that together and represent what we see to be a very high quality business in the filing of that Form 10. You asked about timing. When we first started talking about this in July, we indicated at that time we thought the process would take several quarters to come to completion, and we're essentially still on the time line that we talked about back in July.
Wesley Bush: I hate to project the conclusion of contract negotiations, because someone might take that as a deadline.
Wesley Bush: Better to get the better result, than to meet some deadline. And I think that serves both us and Lockheed well, to let the teams work their way through that.
Wesley Bush: I think in Aero we haven't seen that shift yet. On one hand, we have a number of programs that are making the transition: E-2D for example, Global Hawk. But on the other hand, we have other programs: BAMs, UCAS that are still in that ramping up stage on development as well as others. I don't think we made the transition yet on Aero. On Electronic Systems, probably more production than development there.
Wesley Bush: If you have my comment around delayed awards and maybe I wasn't precise enough in making it, related more to the continuing resolution environment that we're in. And it really does impact all of the businesses. The continuing resolution is kind of a tough thing for customers because they have to go through a rather difficult process of figuring out is something really a new award or not a new award? How was it funded or budgeted in prior years? And how does the specific language that was reflected in the CR relate to their individual programs? And so thinking your way all the way through that, even and getting the right approvals within the customer organizations, even if it turns out that you're okay to go out and grant the award, it simply causes delay. And we're kind of seeing it across the board. There's just a whole variety of things where we can see that the customer really, really wants to just get on with it, but they're having to work through those kind of processes. So that was more the intention of my statement. It is related to the continuing resolution environment. And we do have some concerns that, that could be an environment that sticks with us for a while depending on how things go in the election and the Congress' perspectives when it comes back from the election. Not clear when that resolves. So that's a concern.
Wesley Bush: yes, there are some big awards that we are in active negotiations with our customers. Some examples, the F-18 multi-year, we are continuing negotiations with Boeing. We talked earlier about Joint Strike Fighter sort of around the company, three other sectors. And in Shipbuilding, both the Destroyer program and the LPD program, we are in active negotiations, as well. And so those certainly translate into meaningful metrics for driving the overall backlog. But I'd put those more in the category of working our way through them as opposed to substantial externalities like SCR. But we'd love to think it was only on October issue. But I'm worried it is going to be a multi-month problem that is more of an overlay to the overall contracting environment.
Wesley Bush: I really see it being more in the middle of the spectrum as it is. This is just how we do negotiations. And some are longer and more drawn out than others for a variety of different reasons. But I'm not -- when we're talking about Boeing or Lockheed, you've got two very experienced negotiating teams there that are just going to take a lot to get their way work through it. And as I've said earlier, I'm not about to say anything that would suggest that we're putting a deadline on them because we want to get the right outcomes on negotiations. What I'm seeing at Shipbuilding, Shipbuilding restarting the DDG production line. That's a big deal and getting that right is really important. We're determined to get it right in contract negotiations and we've got an excellent team on the Navy side of this that's determined to get it right for the customer community, and so we're all just going to take the time it needs to get it right.
Wesley Bush: Thank you, Paul. I guess in summary, I would just say, reiterate what I said at the beginning. This was a very strong quarter for our company. We're very pleased to be demonstrating the performance improvements that we do continue to proactively manage our business to make sure that we're creating value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees and as I've said on our prior earnings calls, our number one priority across the entire company will continue to be achieving demonstrating sustainable performance improvement. So thanks again, everyone, really appreciate you joining our call this morning.
