Kathy J. Warden: Thanks, Ron. I will take that question. We are very excited about the portfolio of Innovation Systems because of a number of the areas you noted. Certainly, for GBSD, they will be a key partner for us on that program, as they also continue to partner with Boeing. But we also look beyond GBSD. And some of the areas you mentioned, hypersonics, this expands Northrop's portfolio, which has traditionally been more in the counter-hypersonics part of the market, to now also be able to add value in the weapon systems themselves. We also look at classified space, and we have traditionally worked with large, complex systems. This expands our portfolio to smaller systems and allows us to have a much more expanded offering to the national security space community. So, across the broad spectrum of things that Northrop Grumman has traditionally done, Orbital and ATK coming together expanded their portfolio, and now as part of Northrop Grumman, significantly expands our portfolio of offerings to our customers across a wide variety of the community.
Kathy J. Warden: Well, thanks for that question. Wes will be in place as CEO through the remainder of the year, and in exercising a smooth transition, I'll continue to focus on the successful integration of Orbital ATK, standing that team up as our new fourth sector. We also are working the capture of significant opportunities, both domestically and internationally, and we're focused on solid-segment operating performance as we ramp up on critical development and production program. But as I look to the future, there are a number of areas that I believe have served us well. First, our performance-driven culture, also our approach to capital deployment, and the way we have aligned our team's incentives to drive performance for all of our stakeholders. So these are areas I certainly look to continue. I'm also confident we have a portfolio that's well-aligned to our customers' needs for today and well into the future, but of course, I'm going to continue to assess the portfolio, the structure, our strategies of the organization to make sure that we do incorporate change to enhance value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees.
Kathy J. Warden: Thanks, Peter. When we look at targets for our segments, we're looking at Innovation Systems in that 10% to 11% range. It has the features you noted, with strong fixed-price component as well as international that tend to drive margins up. So it's a very broad portfolio of capability as well and they have tended to focus on very innovative capabilities. So, when we set benchmark, that would be the 10% to 11% that I talked about. Taking their portfolio, looking at other companies' similar portfolios, that's the range that we would see them in. And we, of course, will drive to achieve better in that benchmark performance.
Kathy J. Warden: And I'll just add that we've been on the journey of reshaping the TS portfolio for a couple of years. We are seeing VITA with the completion as our last large IT outsourcing contract. And so as we look forward to the areas where we've been growing the portfolio, like that modernization of both our own platforms and the platforms of others, as well as some of the higher value activities that I mentioned with the win with the Department of State this quarter, we really are at a place where the growth is now coming from areas that we feel TS is both very competitive and adds significant value to our customers' needs. So we are encouraged about what this team is going to be able to accomplish in these areas of focus.
Kathy J. Warden: I'll just note that we've maintained our guide for Mission Systems as we look at the headwinds on the top line, about $225 million for two programs that, as Ken said, completed. We see great growth in Sensors and Processing. I talked about some of that earlier in the call. And the fixed-price mix is up in Mission Systems in these areas where we are growing in production. So I'm confident that, as we look forward, both top line and operating margin will continue to be healthy in Mission Systems.
Kathy J. Warden: Thanks for the question, Jon. As we have brought on the team and stood up Innovation Systems, we're taking this opportunity to really understand the portfolio through revenue synergy to identify where else in the company we can work together to realize that synergy. And we're already off to a strong start. We've talked about some of the areas already, like Space, particularly National Security Space and the recapitalization that we see going on there, and the great work that our teams are already doing to begin working together. We've also talked about missile defense, and even as we look forward into smart munitions, that's another area of synergy opportunity. So it will be a process over the next period of time to really assess where that alignment should be in the future. We believe that in the near-term, it's best to keep that team organized together. They had recently gone through the integration of Orbital Sciences and ATK, and done a lot of good work in realizing their own synergies in coming together as a team. And we want to have a smooth transition for that team so as to take advantage of the growth that they already were experiencing, which was quite rapid if you look back at their first quarter performance year-over-year, they experienced significant growth. We want to ensure that they are able to continue to stay focused on both that growth attainment as well as their program performance, and that anything we do to change the organization structurally is done very thoughtfully.
Kathy J. Warden: Yes. So, Cai, I agree. We see strong budget outlook. And in response to that, our portfolio aligns very well to where we expect that growth to come from. Missile defense, munitions, space are all areas where we're seeing increase in growth and also focus in our own portfolio. And we do anticipate recognizing some of that opportunity within the year. And as Ken said, it was reflected in our guide earlier in the year.
Kathy J. Warden: And, Sam, I'll just add that it was important to have this role with the integration activity that we were undertaking and standing up in IS and ensuring that we remained focused on performance across the company. But I view our risk management process as sound, and it needs to be executed at all levels within the organization and not reliant on a single role or individual. And it's my focus to ensure that our company continues to operate within our risk management framework and that as we bring new leaders into the company at all levels, that they are able to also execute this risk management process. And that's how we'll continue to be successful.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure, Seth. Thanks for the question. I'll start, and Kathy may have some color she wants to add as well. So I think a little bit of a multi-part question on both the margin as well as the sales profile. And from a margin perspective, we've seen that TS has been one of the strongest, if not the industry-leading, margin performer in its segment. And I would say that we saw a little bit of a challenge this quarter in terms of dealing with the early termination impact of the VITA program, which had some impact on margin. We are holding the full-year margin rate estimate that we started out the year with, which does indicate that we have the ability to perform in the second half of the year to get to our 10% approximate margin rate for TS. And we feel pretty good about the team's ability to do that. From a sales perspective, I would say that we're seeing the continued impact of those headwinds, KC-10, JRDC. TS did a lot of the work on an inter-company basis for MS on the JRDC program, as well as now the headwind from VITA as that is expected to terminate earlier than we had previously considered. That being said, they have had some wins in the sector. We've talked previously about contract messaging as well as the SEMA program, and now starting to see some of the international starting to take off. So I wouldn't want to necessarily declare when that growth will start to come again, but we certainly look that as we get some of these headwinds through the system, TS should have the ability to grow its business in line with the market as we look forward over the longer-term.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Let me take maybe the second part of the question first, Rich. And we have a business area that we refer to as cyber and ISR. But largely the impact that we're seeing is in the restricted ISR area of that business. And so we're really seeing that there were some program completions, as expected, I would say, that have created a little bit of a headwind on the sales side. But we are seeing that Sensors and Processing is certainly more than offsetting that as those programs are working their way through the life cycle. And as we look forward for MS over the long-term, we should see a nice and robust growth profile. With respect to your question on the Advanced Capabilities program, I would say that clearly the amount of the forward loss was not material, otherwise we would have disclosed it in the 10-Q as we did the amount of the pickup on the multiple restricted programs at Aerospace. So not going to put a number on it today, but certainly had an impact on the trend from a margin rate perspective, which is why we noted it in the document, both the 10-Q and the ER. But certainly not of a materiality level that we saw on the other. From your question on what drove the loss, I would say we have seen some technical challenges that we are working our way through. Those challenges are on a cost-type program, but we are seeing that it's had some impact on a fixed-price option that we have related to that program. And this is driving a bit of a cost growth on that fixed-price option, which we think is likely to be exercised by the customer, and therefore we have recorded that as a forward loss. Kathy, I don't know if you want to add any...
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure, Sheila. I appreciate that. And I would say that we've seen some improvement in working capital this year, and we are happy to see that starting to turn to the positive for us. We have been building working capital for a couple of years, as we saw some long-term production programs that had some liquidations that were tied to deliveries. Those deliveries are starting to occur. We're also very focused on thinking about how we get the right cash terms for the type of contracts that we are taking on. We had seen the change in the DFARS have an impact on that looking back a couple of years as well. So I would say some favorable working capital performance for us. From an Innovation Systems perspective, I would say that there are some programs in the backlog that have had some higher unbilled balances. CRS is one that comes to mind. There are some significant milestone events that will drive some payments. The A350 program is one that also had some cash headwinds reflected with it, and we expect that that is starting to turn here as we look forward. So we're excited about working capital performance so far year-to-date. Obviously, a lot of work to do in the second half of the year, but we're working hard on it, on the entire portfolio including Innovation Systems. And we look forward to strong cash generation for the second half of the year as well as, as we look out into the future, this is a business that should be growing, managing working capital and generating strong cash.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: All right. So, on the first part of the question, I guess what I would say is, again, don't want to put a number on the individual items that we disclosed in order to give a sense of what's going on in the business and understand the trends. I would say, clearly, we think about materiality and, in reality, significance really as a matter of judgment and not any magic number that we put on it. We certainly did disclose the items on the restricted programs in Aerospace Systems, which was $69 million. So I guess that puts a number on the upper-bound for you. And with respect to those items, look, they're largely behind us. We feel pretty good about the fact that we've got the issues related to those programs addressed and had an impact on the quarter. We disclosed it, wanted to make sure you understood what it was. But not a material or even significant impact for putting a number on there. And as we think about it, we held guidance on margin rate for both MS and TS, which should indicate that they've got the ability to perform in the second half to more than cover some of those issues that we experienced in the second quarter. So, from a contract-type mix and risk retirement perspective, I think my view on that, Noah, would be that I don't necessarily think that we have sort of run out of runway on that perspective. I think we have been working hard to try to make sure that we reflect our best estimate of operating earnings as early as possible in the life cycle of a program and making sure that we are taking those increases along the life, and historically, there may have been a little more waiting until a little bit later in the life of the program, but we try to make sure we're always reflecting our best estimates. And so we've seen that our, what I'll call, core margin rate has come up a bit in the last couple of years, and I think that's really what's driving the lower amount of risk retirements is just moving more of the earnings into the core earnings rate, or baseline rate maybe I should call it, than into the earnings adjustments themselves. I would also note a little bit of a quirk this quarter. The forward loss on the fixed-price option at MS is technically not an earnings adjustment because the option hasn't yet been exercised. So the forward loss is reflected in the margin rates, but it's not in the schedule above. So, that can have some impact in the analysis as well. But the bottom line is this business can generate strong margins. I don't see any change in its ability to drive margins. We haven't changed our benchmark, strong performance by AS in the first half of the year and strong expected performance for all the sectors for the full year of 2018.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hunter, I would say that there's not a lot – actually, there's nothing that we're going to be able to say beyond what's in the documents. The positive earnings adjustments at Aerospace were related to multiple restricted programs. And with respect to program performance and progress on the B-21, I would simply just refer you to comments made by the Air Force as probably the best place for you to get information on that.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: And, Wes, I might just add that we are seeing in fact this year strong international sales growth. And as we look forward, international growth remains a critical part of the strategy as well as ultimately what we believe is our ability to grow this business.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: So, Cai, maybe I'll start on that and then I'll let Wes and/or Kathy add color as they see fit. But maybe I wouldn't want to comment on anyone else's guide or their updates relative to that. But if I think about where we were for the year, when we gave our initial guide in January, we had a pretty strong, I would say, amount of growth in our sales guide. And you can pick whether you want to think back to actual 2017 on the 605 basis or on a 606 basis, but our view was that we had a strong sales guide that indicated that we could grow this business in 2018. And we continue to believe that, and that's relative to the three sectors' organic growth that we had at that point in time. If you think about Innovation Systems, it's had strong growth. You can see just the partial month since the acquisition closed, $400 million in sales, and they themselves had a strong first quarter of growth as well prior to the acquisition closing. And then, just thinking about the guide as well, we continue to hold strong margins in all of the sectors for the full year. So we feel pretty good about our guide. In terms of the impact of the 2018 budget increase you referenced. I would say that we've seen some of that impact in a few areas of our business, probably more so in Innovation Systems than others, and some of that being in the ammunition and missile side. Kathy, I don't know if you want to comment further on any of those areas.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: So I'll take the first part of the question first on the working capital side, and then we'll try to address the estimated amortization for 2019 on the PI. From a cash perspective, I would say that, look, we see room for improvement. We had been building some working capital over the last few years ourselves. There have been some changes in terms of the DFARS, and I think some changes in terms of customer behavior in terms of trying to use working capital as a lever. And so, we all need to react to that and figure out how we best manage that as we move forward. We're working it and starting to see some progress, and I fully expect that we will work it together with the Innovation Systems team and start to see progress on that side. There are some customers that are simply more challenging than others in terms of working capital. And we will simply have to evaluate those business deals as we are looking at them and determining whether or not the structure of the deal in terms of return, in terms of cash flow profile meets our standards of the type of business that we want to do. You've seen us be pretty disciplined in terms of if we see business that doesn't meet our expected returns, and that's beyond margin profile, also includes cash profile. But if we don't see that as something that we think is a good business deal, then we'll take a pass and leave it to somebody else. But we'll continue to evaluate all those deals as they come forward and, largely, I just think that we're working hard. We'll work hard with Innovation Systems, and I think there is opportunity in front of us. In terms of the PI question, we have estimated an amount of amortization for the full year of 2019 of something north of $280 million. I think in the 10-Q, it's $284 million for 2019. And I would just remind you that the amortization of those intangibles are on an accelerated basis in accordance with GAAP and based on the cash flow that is behind those intangibles. And we see that then amortizing down in 2020 and then really starting to reduce in 2021 and 2022 and beyond. So, still work to do, obviously. We're only a short period into our purchase accounting process, and we'll continue to refine that as we work forward from here to when that process is complete.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. Carter, it's Wes. Let me reflect on that since I've probably got the most historical perspective on it than to bring you current. And I'll just take each of them as you described them. But we'll start with kind of a broader view. I really like what we've done in our company. And as I said in my opening remarks, this goes to sort of the core of our culture and the enterprise to figure out how to quantify risk, how to manage risk, and to execute our programs better. If you turn the clock back quite a few number of years ago, we were really struggling on that. And as you know, years ago, we instituted a very robust set of changes, and we've maintained those changes. In fact, it's become just core to how we operate. Does that mean we're perfect? No, we're not perfect. Clearly, if we're going to continue to help our customer community press the edge, there will be some things that we don't get exactly right, but they need to be very few and far between. And we have two, as you mentioned, and I think it is appropriate to set aside VITA. We've been very clear for a long time about our intent to exit that business and do it in a way that created a smooth transition for the Commonwealth. We were committed to supporting them through that process. And I would say on a very positive note with respect to that one, that transition was enabled a little bit faster than originally conceived. So I view that as very, very supportive of our portfolio action. But let me take the two that you had mentioned. So, first on James Webb. On James Webb, this is a program that we took on quite a number of years ago, a decade-and-a-half ago actually, with the intent knowledge at the time that there was going to be a lot of invention on the program. We have succeeded in that invention. It is a remarkable engineering accomplishment – scientific and engineering accomplishment to have gotten ourselves through that invention. And now we're down to the phase of actually integrating the final parts together. And inevitably, and this is how we do these types of programs and why we do what we do, we're going to test the heck out of this thing because we only get one shot at it to launch it. And we're going to make sure we find every little thing. Unfortunately, when you're at the very end stage of a program, finding a little thing propagates to the big thing. And that's what we're experiencing. And we and NASA – and I have to give NASA a lot of credit for the intensity of focus and their stick-to-it-ness with a flagship program like this. But we're working our way through it, and I am absolutely confident that we are going to launch something that our nation is going to be so incredibly proud that we did, we together. So that, while it's tough, we're sticking it out, and we're going to make sure we find out whatever the things are to be found as we go through the testing, and we're not going to launch it until it's right. That's what we do, and we're intent on making sure that it comes out right. With respect to the forward loss item, I think it's been covered rather extensively here. And I'll just say, broadly, this was a case where the technical requirements were, again, similar to what we do in other areas, quite extensive. And with respect to our risk management, I think we found a flaw in our process with respect to this particular class of technology and the way we looked at production. And so you might imagine we're treating that as an investment that we're going to run through the rest of the company and make sure we don't ever have that one pop up again, just as we've done with other issues that we have found over time. And I'm confident we'll get it right on this program as well and be in a place where the customer is going to be just delighted with the capability that comes through it. But we signed up to something, once again we're going to make sure that we follow through on our commitments as we always do, and that's the reason we went ahead and recognized this on a go-forward basis. But to your question about is there something endemic or are these more isolated, I see them as isolated cases. There are clearly learnings from each. And as I said, we're not perfect but we sure are striving for perfection here at Northrop and that's the way I would characterize what I'm seeing with these two issues. I feel very good about program execution across the enterprise. And I'll just add that as we've brought Innovation Systems on and we've taken a good hard look at how they're performing and the way they're going about their business, I see that discipline of program execution at Innovation Systems as well. So it's going to be another very strong culture match of a kind as we bring the two businesses together, and I'm excited about that. But I very much appreciate the question, Carter. Thank you.
Wesley G. Bush: So we actually see demand picking up in both arenas. You can look at very, very narrow focused events in one region or another and try and reach conclusions on it. But you really have to look at the big picture. And the big picture, if you just look at Asia Pacific for just a moment, the nations all see very, very – I would characterize it as high-risk potential on their horizon with the growth in some nations, both in their economic capacity but also their intentions in terms of their behaviors, causing many of the nations, many of our allies throughout that region to realize that they are going to need to continue to increase their investment in their own security. So that region in particular, I think as we think about the future, poses a significant both opportunity for us to be supportive of our allies but also a challenge for many of them to sort through how they're really going to achieve their security objectives both through the construct of allied partnership but also in the construct of their own security investments. And interacting with the leaders across Asia Pacific, you can just see that dialogue ongoing all the time. If I look at Europe, Europe too has a variety of issues and concerns that it's going to have to address. And I think a lot of that was evident in some of the recent summits and discussions about investments that the nations need to be making. And that's not all just prompted from U.S. pressure, clearly some of it is. But they recognize themselves that their own security environment is changing and that they need to take a more aggressive approach to investing in their security, again, in cooperation across all of our allies. I think we all recognize that we're in it together. We've got to make sure that we are capable of working together, both in an operating construct but also in a technology construct, to be able to do the things that we're going to need to do going forward. So I don't want to sound like an alarmist. That's not the intent. But the message is, clearly, from a market environment perspective, that our allies are going to be counting on us, and we're, as a company and I would say more broadly as an industry, stepping up to make sure that we're going to be there for them.
Wesley G. Bush: So, Sam, I think I would largely repeat what I said in response to Carter's question. We've had a good long track record of good execution. I see that going forward. I see that built into the way that we operate today. I see the way that decisions get made. And so, hard for me to say never, never, never, that would be a foolish thing to say. But I feel really good about the way the company is making its business decisions, the way that our teams approach the execution of the activities that we capture, and that we commit performance on to our customers. I see our customers having a lot of confidence in our ability to do that. So, if the direction of your question is kind of where does it go on a go-forward basis, I think we've got the right not only processes but also people in place as well as development programs in place, because you want to see this sustained well into the future to ensure that we're approaching our business the way we have been approaching our business. So it will require constant attention, and whenever there is a learning, to make sure that we really get the benefit of that learning, just as we've been doing for a number of years. So I do feel good about the process going forward. I appreciate especially what Kathy has been doing in her role as COO and enforcing that discipline and making sure that we are really thinking about things in a broad way as we enter into new activities and that if we do see something that has any form of issue around the company, that we're putting the full power of this amazing corporation on it to get it fixed early. So, again, I feel good about the vector that I see.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. Thanks, Steve. Well, everyone, I think you've heard us say Innovation Systems a lot of times today but I'm going to say it again. I just want to say how delighted we are to have the Innovation Systems team join Northrop Grumman. This is such a great addition to our portfolio and to have it be accretive in 2018 is just tremendous for us. I appreciate the hard work by all of our team members around the company in continuing to drive performance and to position us well for our future. So thanks, everybody, for joining on our call and for your continued interest in Northrop Grumman.
