Kathy Warden: So, Rob, yes, we are working with the Air Force and negotiating the contract now. And we are prepared through actions we have been taking to move if the Air Force is able to accelerate this award. But it would be a modest acceleration. We anticipate the award was already planned for the quarter of this year and what we see is that it would likely be only a month or two of acceleration if acceleration happens. We don’t expect that to have a material impact on 2020, but certainly getting started more quickly de-risks the program to some extent and allows us to be more confident in meeting those milestones along the path to the 2029 IOC dates for the program.
Kathy Warden: Well, certainly, Jon, we see the demand for our product remaining strong and that’s primarily driven by the threat environment. And I noted a few areas where we are seeing the Presidential budget for ‘21 reflect significant increases in areas like space, missile defense, hypersonics and other advanced weapons. And so those areas we expect to continue to be in focus as well as the deterrent strategy of our nation which depends on the triad and has obviously modernization happening across all three legs of the triad. So those areas are going to continue to be areas of both strength in our portfolio, but areas of importance as we look at demand near and long term. We are very pleased to be supporting the government in other areas that has become increasingly important in dealing with the pandemic. I noted the work that we’re doing currently for the CDC and we’re very proud of that work. We’ve been doing that for a number of years and while it has been relevant, previously, it’s never been as relevant as it is today. And the amount of information that we’re able to share around the globe to help people make informed decisions about this pandemic spread and how to reduce the spread is certainly something that we’ll continue to do and work that we are very proud of.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Rob. So we are overall pleased with the ‘21 budget request. As I noted in the previous question, there are areas of significant budget increase that are well aligned with our priorities and certainly we were pleased to see that. We also have a number of programs that are well-supported in the budget. I noted a few of those in my opening comments, areas like SABR, E-2D, certainly F-35 continues to be well-supported as well. As we look at areas where we saw some provision on our programs, Triton being an example, what we see in the budget request is the pause in production with the intent of putting resources toward R&D on new sensor. And we had anticipated that. So it will be somewhat of an offset to the production pause, the works that we’ll do in the R&D. We also have the sale in Triton which will provide some quantity that bridge the US production pause as well. And of course we continue to work with Congress as they deliberate on the budget to determine if we can get those two aircraft added back. So those are some of the actions that we’re taking with Triton, but we do see that it is not just a production pause. This is the continued commitment to the program and investment in additional sensors to make the program and the make [Phonetic] the platform more robust.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thank you, Peter. As I mentioned, our supply chain management team has been very active in monitoring our supply chain for risks and mitigation strategies that can counter those risk. We have not seen significant disruption to this point, but every supplier has unique circumstances with some we have worked to enable them to continue operations by sharing best practices for social distancing and other safety protocols. With others, we have advanced payment to help with liquidity concerns as I noted in my script. And then, in addition, we have continued to monitor for disruption in the supply chain to our production lines. We’ve seen a few modest impacts at this point in time, nothing that is causing us considerable program interruption. But as I said, the Q2 impact is where we expect to see the most significant, so we’re not through the disruption at this point in time, but we are seeing positive trends both in our own facilities and with our suppliers. We are starting to see absenteeism reduce and more people coming to work in the production facilities. We are seeing small businesses that had to pause operations for a short period of time resuming their operations. And so, I would say that the trajectory is positive, but we still have uncertainty ahead.
Kathy Warden: Sheila, good morning and thank you for the question. We do see restricted continuing to grow faster than the remainder of our business. And in the first quarter is just an indicator, we saw 1.3 book-to-bill in our restricted portfolio. This was largely driven by space awards as you know, we have significant restricted work across the portfolio. We’ve in the past talked a good deal about the Aeronautics restricted business, that space is also growing rapidly as is Mission Systems. And so, it really is a widespread that we are seeing that restricted growth. And we anticipate that continuing, as we look forward at opportunities that we have for the remainder of the year as well as programs in the portfolio today. And their growth rate, we anticipate that share of restricted business to continue to grow. It’s up to about 28% now and as we have previously said, we expect that to go even higher.
Kathy Warden: So David, I’ll start on the question about commercial aero. Our commercial aero work is actually spread over three different efforts, the largest of which is the A350. And we are expecting the impact across all of those efforts. And we will begin to see that in Q2, but it will persist. It’s largely driven by the demand in commercial aero. And so that is why in particular, Aeronautics sector is contributing to the slight decline that we have in our revenue guide for the year. In response to your question about GBSD and the ramp, we expect that to be a gradual ramp as is the case when you start E&P contract, the engineering phase tends to be very label driven and we will be adding headcounts and driving activities over the next several years. And we wouldn’t see a peak in that program for a while. I am not going to specifically address the part of the question, but when it becomes larger than B-21. I know what you are trying to do there is give a little bit more information on B-21 than I could do. But certainly, GBSD will be a significant program in our portfolio as will B-21.
Kathy Warden: Yes. And we continue to be excited about that opportunity. And as I noted, this award from DARPA that we received in the first quarter now will add capability to what we can do with the servicing mission. So at this point, we are able to do life extension as we are doing on the Intelsat 901 satellite with our first operation, but the robotic servicing will allow us to provide other servicing functionality. So it opens up the market in that regard and clearly is an indicator that we would be able to service not only commercial, but potentially government satellites as well. So when we look at the market, we are bullish, but cautious and that this is the first of a kind and we want to continue to march through milestones of succession that would lead us to believe that we can accomplish this much broader set of servicing missions that certainly life extensions servicing which we have already accomplished with the Intelsat satellite is something we feel comfortable will be a robust and growing market for us.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Myles. So, as we look at our hiring, we have a number of open positions both to support existing business, but also anticipation of future awards. So I would tell you that we only do that hiring if we indeed get those awards as we look forward. So, open positions are not necessarily a direct correlation to the number of hires that we will ultimately make. And as we look at this year in particular, we go into a year with an assumption around attrition. So that gets us to net head, and the labor market was very tight at the beginning of this year. As we are working through the last two months, we’re seeing that attrition is dropping as you might expect as other opportunities are becoming more scarce. And so, we are in the process of looking at what that may present, it’s both challenge and opportunity for us going forward. And so, we are actively working on hiring and being very successful in hiring as I noted. Still even as we were dealing with the challenges of the pandemic in March, we saw 1,300 plus hires and April continues to also be strong where we’ve moved to virtual as you might expect to accommodate most of that hiring. And so, as we look forward, the net head, I wouldn’t put a number on it, but we do expect significant headcount growth this year because of the program volume increases that we have, the sales growth as well as the anticipated awards in the latter half of this year.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Carter. Yes, a significant portion of that hiring is for cleared personnel. We don’t always hire an individual who is already cleared. We have other opportunities that we are able to put people on while they await their clearance. And we’ve also seen the department take actions that have accelerated clearance processing. And those have been very helpful. We still obviously have a waiting period for those individuals, but it is getting shorter through the actions that the government is taking. And so, what we do is, we do both hiring of individuals who already have clearance directly onto those restricted programs as well as pipelining through our unclassified work with the intention of moving those individuals on restricted programs once their clearance comes through. And we have been doing that for years, and it has worked well for us, it’s not something that’s driving an inordinate amount of increased costs to our business because we have this portfolio, that has so much both unclassified and classified work. And I’ll note that classification is relative to their different levels, of clearances required and so people can step through those clearance levels as well.
Kathy Warden: So, Cai, in terms of backlog for the year, we still anticipate it to be above one even without GBSD. Clearly GBSD, we expect to be a sizable award if we receive it. And so, that would drive book to bill well above one. As we look at the first quarter, we did have less than one book to bill, but we had anticipated, that as you said and it signals that we expected, most of our significant awards to happen later in the year. We did have the large space restricted awards that we noted. And while we can’t provide any detail about what they are, who they are for, or the value of them, they were ones that we have been working for a period of time and did anticipate getting, but they were competitive. So we clearly had factored them to some extent in our plans for the year and we are very pleased to be selected and awarded those contracts for the quarter.
Kathy Warden: And Noah, on your question about the longer term and where we think AS margins can go. Certainly, all things being equal, we expect three years to five years out to have a higher production mix than we have today, because we have some significant development program in Aeronautics as we sit here today. And that would naturally create opportunity for margin improvement during that period.
Kathy Warden: So, you know, George, I wouldn’t want to try to predict a quarter, at which point we would see an inflection compared to peers because I don’t have the insight into our peers. I do feel like we’ve performed well relative to the market. We have increased our competitive win rate and that’s a strong indicator of performance in the competitive marketplace. We have also shown significant improvement in our backlog and we’re pleased with where it sits and also have a number of opportunities that we’ve outlined to build that backlog this year, and we anticipate doing so. So, what I really focus on is looking forward, how are we positioned regardless of what defense budget do in this country and around the globe. Do we have a portfolio that’s well aligned to the highest growth areas? And the answer to that is yes, as we sit here today and we believe will continue to be areas of exposure like the strategic deterrence programs that – in the case of B-21, we’ve already captured, in the case of GBSD we anticipate being awarded later this year. In the case of Space, which is the fastest growing in the President’s ‘21 budget for this year, we certainly have good exposure with hypersonics and other advanced weapons now in the portfolio and expect that we can continue to grow off of what is today a small base, but an area where we expect to have significant demand. And we believe those areas of demand will be key regardless of what the top line budget looks like, because they are based on the advancement of our adversaries capabilities and the threats that they impose. So based on that, we feel positive about how our portfolio is positioned for growth. And we anticipate that we can continue to create strong shareholder value through that growth, successful execution and turning that into earnings.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Ron. We have seen the impact of the increase in progress payments to 90% that the Department has offered. And we are flowing that full supplier benefit down to our suppliers in a timely fashion. And as I noted earlier in my comments, in addition to that, we are also doing some advances for suppliers paying in advance, because we want to help them with the challenges they are having, particularly those suppliers that straddle both defense programs and commercial aerospace programs. And so we believe that our suppliers are well supported by us today, but we monitor that on a daily basis, because it’s an evolving situation for them, particularly those that are exposed on that demand side to the commercial aero market.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Todd. Well, I am very pleased to have Dave on our team and helping to lead through the challenges of the pandemic. We and the entire Northrop Grumman team remain resolute in managing through these challenges and being well-positioned for the future. So, we look forward to speaking with you again in July. And until then, please stay well.
Dave Keffer: Hey Seth, it’s Dave. I’ll get started on that one. The – Our outlook for the year for AS margins and for total Company margins is that we expect the second half to be stronger than the first, largely because of the easing of COVID impacts in the second half, particularly compared to Q2. In AS, in particular a lot of the margin rate movement from quarter to quarter in that business is timing related. On a year-over-year basis, we saw that the timing of some risk reductions, particularly around F-35 made for a tough compare year-over-year, and we do see opportunity for greater margins going forward in that business both near and long-term than those that it delivered in the first quarter. And so, we expect that kind of strength in the second half of the year to materialize in AS. I think of it as largely timing driven around key program profit milestones and risk reductions that we see more likely coming in the second half than the first.
Dave Keffer: As you mentioned, Doug, we are going through the standard process now around realigning systems and rate pools and such kind of on the administrative side of the realignment. But I think the bigger picture Kathy mentions is the important one which is that the realignment enables both top line synergy going forward as well as further improvements in cost management around the business and that those are timely given the environment we find ourselves in, in 2020.
Dave Keffer: So, I’ll be happy to start on that one, Hunter. It’s tough to quantify that specific volumes of cost take out that are possible both near-term and then on a permanent basis as you mentioned. Certainly, there is an opportunity to reduce costs during the pandemic related to travel and conferences and trade shows and other kind of low hanging fruit like that, that are naturally declining in the business. And we’ll look to harvest those cost savings and continue to manage those areas throughout the rest of the year. But then, we’re also taking this opportunity to look around at the business and find other areas of efficiency. Kathy has been clear over the past year about driving increased efficiencies, strong performance around the business, being an agile Company that moves quickly and reduces bureaucracy. And so, that’s part and parcel of what we’re looking at today and that’s not in any one sector more than others nor more than at the corporate level. At all levels we’re taking a look at those opportunities. The margin impacts will depend to a degree on the business mix by segment. And so, those that have more cost-plus work have less margin impact, but greater impact on the competitiveness of their businesses as we look for opportunities to take out cost. So those are different impact depending on the segment, but a broad Company effort to drive that efficiency this year.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Thanks Noah. I’ll get started on that one. The two buckets you mentioned were approximately even in overall size. What I think is important to note is that, no one specific program had a material enough impact to be called out individually. And so year-over-year, it was a tough compare quarter for AS given that there was, the timing of some of those risk reductions in last year’s Q1 created a tough compare. But in this year’s Q1, there were pressures on a few programs, fewer upsides on others than we might typically see in a given quarter, again much of that is timing related, and we try to take that into account as we look at the rest of the year. I think the other thing that’s important to note there is, in a more typical year, we would have expected to see more opportunity to mitigate those Q1 challenges in Q2 through Q4. But of course, our timing is increasingly short there given the impacts of the COVID pandemic on Q2, particularly in the volume pressures that we’re seeing in AS. And so that makes it more difficult to mitigate those Q1 pressures than a typical year would provide.
Dave Keffer: And what I would add to that is we have fewer progress payment contracts than some of our similarly sized peers do and that we are being sure to quickly flow through to our suppliers their portion of that benefit. So, when you aggregate the net benefit to Northrop Grumman certainly we appreciate the work of our customers to increase that benefit, but it doesn’t change our cash flow guidance for the year. The upside we have some additional benefit from the progress payments as well as potential tax benefits we mentioned on the call. And offsetting those, we have the impacts of COVID that we discussed to include the interest on the new bond. So, that keeps us in the same range of cash flow that we were projecting previously.
