Kathy J. Warden: Thanks, Wes. Good afternoon, everyone. Wes, I want to first express our gratitude for the way you've led our team in creating value, while always maintaining the highest standards of ethics and integrity. On behalf of the entire Northrop Grumman team, we thank you.
Kathy J. Warden: So, Myles, thanks so much for recognizing the solid performance that our IS team delivered in this quarter. We, too, are very pleased with what they have delivered. I'll tell you, we are on track for the cost synergies that we defined for 2020, and we are making good progress on revenue and operational synergies. Those are being worked. Those will become much more material in the next few years. A lot of the good performance that we're seeing right now is a result of just continued strong growth in the markets that IS serves. We do anticipate that the revenue synergy, as I said, becomes evident in 2019 and much more material in 2020 and beyond.
Kathy J. Warden: Just to follow on what Ken said, we certainly see investing in ourselves as our primary focus and we do have growth opportunities both near and longer term. We have been very pleased with what we saw in the 2019 budget for our programs as well as opportunities that we're pursuing. And you will continue to see us have growth in restricted and pursue a significant set of opportunities, including GBSD that if we are successful could lead to additional CapEx expenditure. But as Ken said, at the current moment we see that starting to top out next year.
Kathy J. Warden: So, Ron, this is Kathy. I'll start and then Wes can add in. You see it exactly the way we do. We see clear opportunity for us and jointly pursuing opportunities in space, hypersonics, precision munitions. These are areas where the portfolio in bringing together IS with the rest of Northrop Grumman, we clearly see synergy. And just as important, we see the opportunity to really shape where those markets go through innovation and increased affordability. The cost synergies that we'll generate in bringing the teams together will also contribute to our competitiveness. So, on all of those dimensions, we see that we are now able to offer more options in the markets I mentioned, as well as others, and that will be our primary sources of revenue synergy, which create the value over the long term from bringing the IS team into Northrop Grumman.
Kathy J. Warden: So, Rajeev, I'll start, and then ask Ken to add in. But what I see is just really strong performance on the part of our AS team. The blocking and tackling that goes in to good solid program execution is what is leading to the margin improvement, and we clearly see that potential to continue. We incentivize the team clearly to continue to find opportunities for program performance improvement that leads to margin expansion. And so, what we are seeing is a clear result of that alignment of the team's objective to our shareholder objectives, and we expect it to continue. I'll let Ken speak a bit more on the details.
Kathy J. Warden: Yes. So, the new structure at TS is aimed at creating a better focused organization on innovation and affordability, and we are implementing that at the beginning of 2019. As many of you know, we've been on a journey over a couple of years to eliminate the majority of the commodity-based services work that we have in the TS portfolio. And next year, it'll continue to be somewhat of a tough compare as we had VITA in the portfolio through most of third quarter this year. But the logistics business at TS is growing. All segments of TS are winning new work, and those new programs are achieving strong margin rates. So, we really see that we now have a services business that has a solid foundation for growth in the long-term and healthy program performance. And so, that's really what we're working to optimize through this restructuring that we'll do at the beginning of January, and we'll go from three divisions down to two.
Kathy J. Warden: Yes. Thanks, Sheila. So, I made the comment about our growth prospects in the comparison to the investment accounts, which are what we typically think of as the proxy for our growth. And when I think about over the long-term, I'm talking multiple years. And so, many of the things that we're pursuing are awards in the 2020 timeframe. And to give you a few examples, as you asked, we have both for the OPIR programs, the GEO payload as well as the OPIR Polar satellite programs in our pipeline. We were full-force awarded the OPIR Polar, and I talked about the GEO payload program down-select that will be made in 2020. We also have a number of restricted space programs, and any one of them isn't as material as the collection of the handful that we are pursuing. We also have several full-rate production programs over the next two years. I talked about G/ATOR and CIRCM and IBCS all in my comments earlier. Those are all in Mission Systems, but all represent significant full-rate production awards in the next two years. We are competing for down-select in a number of areas. I talked about OmegA today. You all know we are competing for GBSD and have made it through the first down-select, and we also have been down-selected on Next-Gen Jammer low band. So all of those are competitions that we'll pursue over the next couple of years. And so, as you can see, it's across all of our businesses, Aero, Innovation Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services that we have a robust pipeline as well as, as you noted, the growth that we have on current programs that are still ramping up to their full potential, like F-35.
Kathy J. Warden: Rob, we see that growth rate as sustainable in that a number of the opportunities we are pursuing, including Global HALE, as well as the then sustainment for those products that we're delivering to continue strong pipeline there for other countries that are seeking that capability, as well as additional units. I spoke today specifically about, also, the E-2D growth that we're seeing in Japan and we anticipate that that kind of growth will also continue worldwide. And so, those are just a few examples that across all of our areas, Space, Cyber, Autonomous, Manned Aircraft, as well as the Sensors that go on those aircraft, we are still seeing strong growth potential in, particularly, Asia-Pacific, but also some notable programs in Europe.
Kathy J. Warden: Quite the contrary. We have good performance closing out the contract on VITA. And so, that process has gone exceedingly well. We also, on James Webb, have been executing according to the plan that we laid out earlier this year in conjunction with NASA, and the team is progressing through INT quite well. So, on both of those efforts, we have delivered just as we anticipated through the third quarter.
Kathy J. Warden: So, Cai, I'll take that question. And I'll also remind you that we'll give you full guidance at the end of the fourth quarter call in 2019, in January 2019. But as we are approaching the end of this year and looking forward into 2019, I mentioned that our programs have been well-supported in the 2019 budget, and we do feel as if we will continue to see the kinds of growth that we have experienced in 2018 into 2019. And we will reduce some of the headwinds that we had particularly in Mission Systems with the two programs that Ken noted, and we will start to get through the headwinds that TS has seen through the three programs that we have noted throughout the call this year. So in terms of compares, we will be in a more favorable place as we head into 2019. But I will also state that the growth that we have seen historically going into 2017 to 2018 was very solid. So we continue to grow off of prior years of strong growth in the sectors as well. And, Ken, I don't know if there is anything that you'd like to add there.
Kathy J. Warden: Thanks, Doug. So, clearly, my primary focus over the course of 2019 is to make those evaluations, look at the portfolio. We are, as I said, developing our revenue synergy opportunities, and those will inform my thinking about how we need to ensure we operationalize and organize to execute on those synergy opportunities. But what I also value in bringing that team in as a standalone sector is the transparency that we will get as we work our way through 2019 around the cost synergies that we want to achieve full run rate of by 2020, as well as the opportunity to make sure we are implementing the best of both models that we have established. There is a lot for Northrop Grumman to take in terms of value from the way Innovation Systems operates. And likewise, the opposite is true. And so, we have had the best-of-both mentality, we're executing on a well-thought integration plan to help us achieve that, and so really I want to focus the better part of next year on realizing those cost synergies, executing on best of both, ensuring that they have solid operational performance, and then look through the revenue synergies to inform my thinking about any changes that we might make.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, Carter. No, I appreciate the question. And I would just – I'd offer two perspectives: one through sort of the lens of industry, and the other through the lens of the customer. On the industry side, clearly, every company has to make its own decisions about how it will approach the economics of any particular deal. And they have to look at it both in terms of the deal itself and in terms of its broader base of business and how all those things factor together. I like the process we've been using for a number of years. We have a very clear-eyed view of what the economics are likely to be. We spent a lot of time thinking about true net present value and, obviously, when you dig a big hole early, it's hard to get to good NPV. But again, I would not presume to know the economics of other companies and be in a position to comment on how individual decisions get made. And I would suggest that as we go forward, clearly, any company will have some finite appetite for how much of investment it can make in various areas. And those appetites change a little bit from time to time, but at the end of the day, we are generally a pretty well-managed industry. When I look across the landscape, there are really smart folks running the companies in our industry and, at the end of the day, they're going to have to make decisions that look at sort of their total picture, not just the individual project pictures. And they're going to have to figure out how much appetite there is for different elements of those types of decisions. On the customer side, the customer has to understand all of this as well. We've gone through an era where this idea of low-price technically acceptable was kind of a mind-set as we were navigating through an era where we were mostly concerned about the capacity of our force structure to deal with all of the different things we've been dealing with around the globe. For those of you that have taken a careful look at the national defense strategy that we're operating under now, which I think is – it's high time that we have this framework for our national defense strategy. There is a recognition that we've got to put as much, and probably more, focus on real capability, that our adversaries have taken full advantage of the focus that we've had elsewhere to not only catch up with us, but in some areas surpass us in some core capabilities, and we've got to be investing in that direction. When we're talking about capability and investing for capability, low-price technically acceptable is the wrong answer. And from an acquisition standpoint, our customers, I think, are beginning to shift in their thinking and understand that they're going to need to use some different strategies when we're really talking about very high-end capabilities and the way programs are going to need to work to assure them that they're going to ultimately get what they need. So, the pendulum swings back and forth on these things over time. I think it's important not to get too locked into one way of thinking about, which way things are going to go. But I do think that we are seeing a trend as I said more towards the high-end technology capabilities that are going to be needed, and that will influence acquisition behaviors and hopefully as we, industry and the customer community navigate that together, we'll stay on a track that enables the industry to be well managed.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, and I would just completely agree with what Kathy said. I think this is turning out to be just a wonderful bringing together of two companies. The only thing I would add is I've just been delighted to see the very nice culture match and the almost instant desire on the part of all of the individuals involved in this, with respect to both of the companies that came together, to start getting together and creating new ideas, and new ideas are the source of value creation. That's how over the longer period of time, we're able to better serve the customer. And I think that's what the customer is expecting of us, quite frankly, as we bring the companies together. So, I'm really excited about that because we're already seeing those connections being made and those ideas beginning to be generated. So, I'm very optimistic about what this will mean.
Wesley G. Bush: Unlikely that I'll just disappear. But I have a number of things that – outside of our industry, that are of great interest to me, both on a personal level and, hopefully, in terms of being helpful to others. I'm going to take a little bit of time to sort all those things out, to figure out exactly where I want to focus my energies and my passion, but I'm looking forward to the opportunity to do that. And I very much appreciate the question, Hunter. It's been just a lot of fun to be involved in this for so long. But hopefully, I can find some other good things to do that will be helpful to others.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. Well, thanks, Steve. I asked Steve to save me a little time at the end of the call so that I can say a few words as I wrap up my last earnings call with the company. I want to take the opportunity to publicly say thank you to the amazing team of Northrop Grumman. It's a humbling experience to work with so many brilliant people, who are absolutely committed to serving our customers and advancing global security. I will tell you that this team rises to every challenge, and it is critical that we do as those we serve, our customers around the globe, are people we genuinely care deeply about. I'm grateful to have had the opportunity to work with such incredible people in our company and in our customer community. And it's been a real privilege to serve in so many roles in our company over the years and especially in the roles where I've had a chance to engage with the community of analysts and portfolio managers. I've sincerely enjoyed working with all of you in the financial community ever since I became CFO way back in 2005. The research that you perform, the questions you pose and the objectives you help frame really do make our companies better. I sincerely value what you do and how you do it, and I want to express my appreciation for the opportunity to work with all of you for so many years. So, while looking backwards is important to do periodically, I'm actually more excited about looking forward. Our company is fortunate to have an exceptional leader as our new CEO and I'm confident that the best years for Northrop Grumman are the years ahead of us. So, thanks for joining us on the call, and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: I would say, Seth, that as we look at our leverage, we are quite comfortable with where we are from a leverage perspective. We were able to take advantage of our credit rating at the time of the acquisition to execute on the acquisition, the issuance of the debt, and to essentially see a single notch downgrade from a couple of the credit rating agencies and hold with one. As we have de-levered, both on some OA debt as well as a little bit of our debt, and we expect to de-lever another tranche that's due in 2019 for us. We see the ability to drive back to our traditional BBB+ credit rating. But to be clear on the second part of your question on the share repurchase, we were out of the market at the time of the acquisition. That was not related to a leverage issue that was related to the fact that we were in the process of the acquisition, we're in possession of material non-public information, and could not, therefore, enter into a plan to execute on share repurchase. We are pleased that the acquisition closed on June 8 – I'm sorry – June 6 and within a couple of days from there, we were able to get back into the market and we continue to be and expect to be in the market on share repurchase as we look forward. So quite satisfied with the leverage. I do expect as we grow the business, grow the cash, grow the EBITDA, we will continue to see that leverage number drop on us.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah, I would say that we've seen mix as being the single largest impact on our margin profile at AS in terms of the lower margins over the last couple of years. To Kathy's point, I think we've seen that the sector is also performing on its portfolio programs both on the production and on the development side and is driving its performance up. I would just say that as we look forward, some of the larger development opportunities could be at the Aerospace sector. And if we are to take on some more mix challenge in terms of some additional development programs, then we could see some additional pressure on margin rates as we look forward. But with a significant growing top line that AS has had, we have seen nice growth in margin dollars even with some of the rate compression over the last couple of years. And, Rajeev, just to make sure we're all on the same page in terms of your question, you referenced sort of low teens. I would just say, if you look back historically, AS has tended to run in the 12s (38:36) and certainly our benchmark for AS is 11 (38:41) and we incentivize them to do better than that. So, just to kind of level set us all on where AS has been and make sure we're all on the same page there.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure, Sam. Let me maybe start with the second part of the question, and then Kathy can comment on the programs. I would say, from a negative EAC perspective, there's nothing there that I would point to. I would remind you that in the second quarter, some of the adjustments that we referenced were not recorded as negative EAC adjustments because they were with respect to options that had not been exercised and, therefore, some of those margin headwinds were not in that negative adjustment chart. And looking at the performance for the quarter, we're quite satisfied; all of the sectors performing well. We do have a large and diverse portfolio of programs that are always going to have some ups and some downs. And we try to take a solid approach to booking rates not exceedingly conservative, but not exceedingly optimistic, middle of the road. And that's going to mean you're going to have some ups and downs, particularly with a program that's as diverse and, quite frankly, complicated as ours. And so, no concerns. And on the programs themselves, I would just say nothing to comment on negatively from a performance perspective. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kathy.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Appreciate the question. From a free-cash-flow conversion perspective, I guess I would say that when you have some of these items like we had in this quarter with respect to the cost claim and we certainly had some tax items that are not necessarily going to result in cash tax savings in the year, they result in some future opportunities for cash, you can get some lumpiness in your cash conversion percentage. I think the important thing to focus on is the ability of this business to generate cash as we look forward. And this should be a business that generates a strong, both operating cash flow as we look forward as well as free cash flow. And largely, I would say, our free cash flow conversion should be increasing as we look forward. In particular, if you exclude some of the one-time items we've had this year as well as over the past couple years in terms of some either margin or tax benefits. And then, also as we look forward, we've mentioned that 2019 should be another year of, kind of, heavy – heavier capital expenditures, and that we should start to see that moderate, both in dollar terms and in percentage of sales terms, as we look forward. So that should help from a free cash flow conversion perspective. Additionally, going to your question on the CAS, I would say that CAS is certainly less sensitive to a number of assumptions than FAS is. But when we see, as we mentioned this year, we've got, call it, roughly break-even returns through September 30. That will result in some increased CAS as we look forward, and I think that's what you're seeing on the 2020 CAS line. And I would say that pension should continue to be something that is not necessarily a headwind for us from a cash or free cash flow perspective. We continue to see a profile where our CAS should be in excess of our required funding. So overall, this should be generating a fair amount of cash as we look forward. And I would say our conversion should be strong, although we always look to continue to drive operating excellence even when that means the cash might trail a little bit of time just managing all aspects of the business.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: No, I think you hit it on the point there, Kathy. And it's right that we have seen – again, we have a diverse portfolio, and there's always going to be some ups and some downs, and we've seen some programs that have been working their way out of the system this year. Some of those will have a little bit of impact in the early part of next year but largely should work themselves out of, kind of, the compare from year-over-year in the earlier part of 2019. And I'm with you. I think we really feel like we have the ability to grow this business and feel very positive about how we're positioned. Now with that, Jamie, I think maybe we'll take just one last question.
