Kathy Warden: Doug, thanks for the question. Supply chain certainly is central to not only the remainder of this year but next. So let me try to characterize, not particularly in numerical terms but in more -- less quantitative terms, what we have been seeing. It is in particular areas of the supply chain. So it is not widespread but it's in areas that are important -- is component to our development programs, in particular, where we have seen delays that then result in impacts to those development efforts. And so it's the timing of sales not necessarily a deferment of sales, if you will. And this year, I would point to our 2022 original guidance which was our expectations with either minimal or no supply chain disruption, because when we put that plan together late last year, we were not anticipating the level of supply chain disruption nor the duration of supply chain disruption that we've experienced. So throughout the year, we've pointed you now to the low end of our sales guidance. And I would say the best way to think quantitatively about the impact is, we would have expected to be on the high end of that guidance had we not experienced the supply chain disruption. Now I do want to point out and we've said it in the call that we expect these challenges to persist into 2023. So when I talk about timing, we do not expect all of what we experienced in 2022 to recover by the end of 2023. We expect these issues to be a bit sticky for the next year. We do expect them to resolve in the 18- to 24-month time frame.
Kathy Warden: So our -- plans for capital deployment are still aligned with what we've been saying all year, a balanced approach to capital deployment, still investing in supporting the growth of the business that we've experienced which as we said, has been even more robust we anticipated coming into this year, not just because demand is higher but we have been quite successful in competitive wins. So we'll continue to invest to be able to deliver that business successfully and generate the resulting earnings and cash flows from it. We also look at our dividend as a significant part of our capital deployment strategy. We have been consistently raising the dividend, this year another 10% increase. And so we will think favorably into next year about the dividend as a mechanism for returning capital to shareholders. The remaining piece is share repurchase which I know was the core part of your question and this year, we are on track for $1.5 billion of share repurchase. We plan to complete that. We do expect that to be slightly higher next year. As we look at our plans for capital deployment, we will share those with you in more specificity and what our guidance is for share count in January. But safe to say, we are still on the mindset of returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders. And those 3 elements are the major ways in which we'll do that in 2023.
Kathy Warden: Yes, they are. And I applaud the work that DoD is doing. I think they and we would agree that we need to continue to do more, particularly for medium and small businesses, who find themselves lower in the supply chain and even in circumstances where primes may have a cost-plus contract. They often have fixed prices that we need to adjust. And so the government working with the prime to address that impact on small businesses, I outlined in my comments earlier on this call, is going to be important for the health of the Defense Industrial Base. And we, as an industry, are doing our part. Certainly looking at those investments and managing some of our cash into the supply chain in ways that we have not historically done for the benefit of keeping those businesses healthy. And we’ve been doing that now for the last several years, really since the pandemic began and I expect we will continue to do that. There are impacts, though, to large business as well. And so we are all in this together, as you point out and we have work ahead of us. I am encouraged by Congress’ comments that they expect that the ‘23 budget will start to address some of these challenges. And I’m hopeful that as the administration puts their 2024 budget together, they will continue on the path to identifying funding that would allow us to keep the Defense Industrial Base healthy.
Kathy Warden: Well, Kristine, I wouldn't rule it out as we sit here today but I'm also not announcing any plans. We currently are executing our strategy which is, as I said a few minutes ago, for a balanced capital deployment strategy and we think that is the right thing for our company. Our foundation and fundamentals are incredibly strong. With the growth in our backlog, the ability to grow the business top line, we want to ensure that we're investing appropriately in that. It's the best thing for our shareholders in the long-term, we believe, as well as our customers who need this capability and capacity that we're delivering. So that remains our top priority. And we, as I have said, are committed to return 100% of our free cash flow this year and that to our shareholders and we'll do that in the balance of dividends and share repurchase. But as you know, we have used ASRs in the past and we have looked at share repurchase and we'll continue to do that on a regular basis and keep you apprised of any change in our plan.
Kathy Warden: So in the -- earlier in the call, we outlined 3 major elements that we are monitoring closely. The first is our own labor. And we have talked about that throughout this year as being a bit of a headwind for us in the first half of the year. We were not adding headcount and retaining headcount at the level we needed to fuel our growth. And that started to turn the corner in the summer. And you've seen in the third quarter, really robust results in net headcount growth, as Dave outlined, with nearly 3,000 adds. We are this environment that we're experiencing currently, not necessarily nearly 3,000 adds in a quarter but this hiring and retention environment is what persisted into 2023. There could be some opportunity there. As you all know certain firms are reducing their headcount or at least their hiring. So ER, as I noted, seen that in certain areas, the labor market is starting to soften. But we aren't counting on that being a significant tailwind to us next year. We're looking at it continuing about like we see it today. In supply chain, as we noted, we do expect the disruption that we now see in the supply chain to have lingering effects into 2023. And we've done our best to capture those in what we've now reflected as our updated guidance. But if they were to get worse, we certainly would have some downside risk. I don't expect them to get significantly better. So unlike labor, I would say that one is more of a risk. And then in the third area of inflation, we are tying to the indices as we look forward. We certainly have now captured the inflationary pressures that some of what we indicated was the downside on segment operating margin rates that we saw in the third quarter of this year. And your guess is as good as mine as to, when this inflation really start to modulate. So we're using the indices as our best way to get our arms around that. I don't see that as a big opportunity or risk. I think that one we probably have hedged pretty well but we're monitoring it, as I said. So, that was a lot of context. But I think it’s important because we did put a 2023 outlook in front of you, even at this early stage which we often do but I will say this is a more volatile time than we often experience going into the following year.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. We are also very excited about the rollout on December 2 but we are keeping our focus on the performance of the program. So while it's important for us to celebrate milestones as they come. It's also long-term program, as you suggest. And so we are working that program as we are all to each quarter reflect what we know about the current environment and our projections going forward. And as we outlined earlier this year, we spent a good bit of time actually talking through the B-21 and how we were keeping our assumptions updated. That continues to hold true. And so there’s nothing to report to you in any material change on our outlook for the profitability on that program.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Sheila. Certainly, the disruption that we're talking about does hit short-cycle businesses a little more than long cycle. And so there is a bit of that in Defense but really, it's more about the portfolio shift that we are making. One is the growth that we're seeing in munitions and particularly that demand which we expect to grow even more with the conflict in Ukraine. But we also see IBCS as a centerpiece of that growth, both domestically and internationally. I noted in my comments that we have gotten significantly more increased interest in demand coming out of Europe on IBCS over the last several months. So those are growth drivers. But those are offset by retirements of legacy platforms that we sustain out of the Defense Systems sector. And we’ve been talking about those as headwinds to AS for a while. But as those programs are retired, those platforms sustainment impacts are being felt in DS. So that would be programs like Joint STARS and Global Hawk.
Kathy Warden: Thanks for the question. When we look at the portfolio, it has been broad-based in terms of the improvement that we've seen in our expectations for book-to-bill. All 4 segments now projecting over 1. And it has been most pronounced in Space, where we've called out some specific opportunities that were competitive. So to your point, taking share that we were able to secure that we may not have anticipated winning as many of those as we started the year as we ultimately have. We feel that we are in a good position with backlog in each of the businesses going into 2023, supporting the accelerated growth that we've laid out in our outlook for next year. We don't expect that our book-to-bill next year will be as robust as it was this year, because we do have quite a bit of backlog that we will be carrying into the year and the opportunities that is not as strong in 2023 but we do see then that picking up again in '24 and '25. So I would tell you, we tend not to look at awards on a single year basis and calculate book-to-bill only on a single year. We look at it on a running basis and our system is strong, as an aggregate over the last 3 years, we expect that to continue well into the future.
Kathy Warden: For Space, we've seen broad-based opportunities across both Launch and Missiles as well as our Space segment and we expect that to continue, there are multiple programs that will be selected for next phase and be awarded in that time frame in both elements of our Space business.
Kathy Warden: Well, it's an excellent question. And because we're in an active competition, I won't speak too much about our approach. But what I would say is that we constantly look for ways to deliver more value to the customer based on a broad set of capabilities, both in the case of Interceptors as well as our Missile Defense portfolio which I've noted, has been growing and we expect it to continue to grow. Taking a full mission understanding of the threat environment as it evolves and bringing it back into our product development strategy is key across the entire portfolio but NGI will also benefit from that level of expertise that we have with the threat, the solution elements and submission.
Kathy Warden: Well, David, actually, when we look across the entirety of the company, F-35 is pretty flat going into 2023. So we have a lot of moving parts, as you indicated. In Aerospace, we have volume that is fairly consistent in our case. Because remember, we build a couple of years, about 18 months ahead of Lockheed Martin. And so we are maxing out at our limitations of capacity for building center fuselages. And so that project flattish into 2023, as Dave noted earlier. But in our Mission Systems side of the business, while we have DAS which is being replaced with new product insertion. We're also working on new products insertion in the other elements of the portfolio. So we have some development work going on in Block 4 that continues to grow and production there, too, is fairly stable as we look out over this time period and sustainment is growing. So when you take all of those elements across the entirety of our portfolio, F-35 is pretty flat going into 2023 and we expect to be relatively flat going into 2024, maybe a little bit of upside to that.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Todd. Look, before concluding today's call, I'd just like to take a moment to thank our entire team for another strong quarter in what we have appropriately characterized this challenging macroeconomic time. So business fundamentals for Northrop Grumman remain incredibly strong and that's due to the work of this entire team. But I want to especially think 1 of our team members, Mary Petryszyn, who will be retiring from Northrop Grumman in January. She has provided 10 years of outstanding service to our company, most recently as the Defense Systems front and we wish her the very best. On October 17, I'm sure you all noted that Roshan Roeder became our new President of Defense Systems. She is an experienced executive in our company. I'm very confident in her ability to take the business to the next level and I look forward to introducing her to many of you. So, thank you for joining our call today. I expect to see many of you in the coming months. But for those, I don’t see, let me wish you a healthy and happy holiday season and we look forward to talking to you in January.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Doug, I'm happy to shed some light on that. In both cases, those trends are consistent with what we've communicated previously and the drivers are therefore consistent as well. Starting in AS, we project a stable 2023 given that there is anticipated growth in programs, including B-21 but then offset by modest declines in programs like the legacy programs in the HALE portfolio, Joint STARS, et cetera, modest decline in F-18 likely over the next couple of years. So again, continuation of trends we've been talking about for a while and we continue to anticipate a growth recovery in 2024 for that business. In Space, the expansion and the growth opportunity is broad-based across multiple orbits, across multiple mission areas from missile tracking to ISR, growth in our supportive launch capabilities. It's really an outstanding segment of performance for us recently on the growth side. You see a growing market but growth also in our market share. Of course, GBSD is a contributor to that growth but by no means the only one. Each of our divisions in that business is growing at a nice clip. So we’re really pleased to be able to continue that outlook in ‘23.
Dave Keffer: Myles, it's Dave. I'm happy to address that one. I think the way we look at it is, the really strong head count growth that we've had over the last quarter, in particular but the last 6 months broadly, adding approximately 4% to our overall employee count or over 3,500 employees really shores up the labor visibility for labor-driven sales for 2022 and sets us off on a good track for '23. And to your point, that means the supply base and its performance are key to the fourth quarter. With that said, we've had a year now of these more challenged supply chain conditions to become accustomed to where there are constraints and where there are not. And I give a lot of credit to our supply chain folks and our program teams, who are managing and mitigating those challenges every day. We think we've got that captured in our outlook for Q4. The pressures to date have pushed us towards the low end of the sales range for the full year and we think that's appropriate caution as a result of the supply chain conditions but feel that we've bounded it well in that range as we think about Q4 and the full year now.
Dave Keffer: There was not any 1 single program EAC that drove a material change this quarter in the Space business or any other across our portfolio. I think you're right to point to the broader market conditions. Costs are escalating at a level not expected a year or 2 ago. We're mitigating that very well across our business. But in fact, our latest expectations are factored into the EACs on our programs and that did have a dampening effect, particularly in Space's margins in Q3.
Dave Keffer: Thanks for the question, Rob. We do not anticipate meaningful movements in the segments as we look at '23. Let's talk in aggregate first and then I'll give you some color on the segments. As you'll recall, our segment OM rate was in the 12% range in the first half of this year. We talked on the call today about the fact that, that will fluctuate a bit from quarter-to-quarter. We worked through some of -- temporal challenges that we and most other industries face these days around inflation and supply chain and such and noted some of that in the Q3 result. Year-to-date, we're in that guidance range we've provided for the full year. As we talk about next year, we noted mid- to high 11% or our current expectation. Think of that as in the range of 20 basis points lower next year than we're seeing this year. And at a business level, what I'd highlight is in a few of the areas where we had unique upside in the first half of the year, that's where we would expect that to normalize and create some of the lower margin profile next year. I'd note, AS had a land sale in the second quarter. So you can think of that as 20, 30 basis points of margin rate pressure on a year-over-year comp basis. In Space, we think the volume of new development work they've continued to add and the pressure that's put on their margin this year is again a good reflector of what you'd be likely to see next year in Space. Mission Systems and Defense continues to perform well on the margin rate side and we don't anticipate meaningful movement there. MS did have some strong upside in the first half. So we'll look to see what they can continue to deliver in '23. Again, no meaningful movements across the board. I'd just adjust for some of those comparability items in '23 to get a segment level view.
Dave Keffer: Sure. George, as you know, we don't have a specific dollar for dollar expectation of net EACs on any one program or in fact, in aggregate, going into a typical year. What we do get a sense for is kind of trends in aggregate volume. And in 2021, for example, we had a unique trend associated with the benefit in our rates from the pension benefit. In 2022, we've had a couple of upside items, as you mentioned, in AS. But broadly speaking, the pressures that we've noted from the macro environment this year. And what I'd characterize '23 as is more of a continuation of some of those macro pressures, as Kathy outlined nicely earlier in the supply chain and the inflationary environment. And so we'd anticipate what I'd characterize as a continuation of the lower net EAC trend in '23 based on what we know today. But I wouldn't put too fine of a point on the dollar amount today. We'll give you more insights on that as we get into the January guidance call.
Dave Keffer: That high 11% margin rate is predicated on a certain volume of both program performance and net EAC benefits. We're projecting a wider range currently in the mid-11s to the high 11s, because it's tough to project, as Kathy noted earlier, with too much specificity given the macro environment we're in today. Our program performance continues to be exceptional. But we think today, the appropriate outlook is about 20 basis points lower margin rate next year with continuation of -- kind of the second half trends we're seeing this year in net EACs. I think that's about as specific as we can be at this point in the process, George.
Dave Keffer: We project GBSD to be a little less than half of that growth. NGI will also be a contributor but then there are a number of other programs. The wins we've talked about this year at Space Development Agency, continued growth in the GEM63 portfolio with the Amazon Kuiper expansion there. There are a number of drivers of growth across our Space portfolio, both national security, civilian and otherwise.
Dave Keffer: Sure. I can touch on that. As we noted today, we've continued to reaffirm our multiyear cash flow outlook. For '23, that's intact, for '24 as well. And as we noted on the call today, we expect another growth year in 2025. We'll be more specific in quantifying that on our January call when we'll do our typical update of the multiyear quantified free cash flow outlook. And so continued strength in the expected returns from the business. We'll update the specific numbers there based on Section 174 legislation status in January. On the margin rate side, as we noted, we were operating at that 12% level in the first half of this year. Businesses continued to execute well and mitigate broader macroeconomic challenges. We're anticipating about that 20 basis points of decline based on what we currently see in 2023. We do anticipate longer-term recovery. It's tough at this stage of the game to project whether that recovery back to the high 11s and the 12% level occurs as soon as 2024 or whether it's subsequent to that, a lot of that will depend on the pace of recovering these macroeconomic factors. But again, critically, the sales growth expansion we see next year, the acceleration of the 4% to 5% range, multiyear free cash flow guidance remaining intact, I think, is indicative of the kind of economic value we're delivering even in this environment.
Dave Keffer: It's premature for me to give you a percentage by quarter at this stage. We're doing our best to give you our latest insights into the full year outlook. Some of that quarterly profile ends up being determined by the timing of material receipts on large programs and across the business space. So give us a few more months to give you a quarterly profile. We'll certainly do so. We'll give you more insights on that in January as we typically do.
Dave Keffer: It is actually cash flow associated with that equipment sale booked a while back. So it is the timing of payments driving a particular cash receipt this quarter but it is fully associated with the equipment sale you noted from the past.
Dave Keffer: I would say, it's a combination of all of those factors but leaning more towards the macro factors. This is a unique environment that we're all operating in these days and we're eyes wide open to the continuation of a lot of those pressures in 2023. And that's why we think it's not a huge impact but call it, 20 basis points compared to the high levels we've been operating at in 2022. I think importantly, as you get down to the earnings per share line, excluding the noncash pension element of it, we anticipate EPS growth faster than even the 4% to 5% accelerated sales growth. So we're managing through these times, I think, particularly well when you think about the pace of EPS acceleration as well.
