Kathy Warden: Yes Ron, thanks. We still expect that the Air Force will meet its schedule of making the award for the EMD phase of the program in late August of this year. And we are in the process of discussions with them to meet that objective.
Kathy Warden: So Peter, as we think about the margins for space, you're hitting on the right point, the mix will be the biggest driver of margins. Great over time but we do expect to see significant growth in that segment. The margin dollar expansions we're expecting to be quite solid. But on the race itself, as you noted, as we see that mix already a heavy preponderance towards cost type contracts and then adding GBSD, which will also be a cost type program for the EMD. For quite a while, we will have a mix that lends itself to a lower margin rate than what we would experience if we had a higher volume of that business in production. But many of the programs in that business will move to production sooner than GBSD. So GBSD is one of the longest cycles of the programs in that portfolio, it will be in EMD through 2029. But with other programs that we are booking into space as we've seen our bookings grow quite nicely, we'll transition to production in a shorter period of time. So we'll see that mix certainly evolve in the near-term, but over the long-term we will still have a considerable amount of cost plus business in that portfolio.
Kathy Warden: So as we think about aero on a go forward basis, I would point to our year-to-date growth of about 4% in that business, which is in line with what we had expected for the year and what we're guiding. And although we're not guiding into next year at this point, to tell you the longer-term trajectory for that business is that it won't be one of our fastest growing segments. We've seen a good bit of that portfolio begin to shift also to cost type work that grew significantly. And now it's leveling out and production also on our key programs there is more in a steady state. So the fastest growing segments in our portfolio will certainly be space, but aero will be a nice contributor to the portfolio in terms of some stable and steady programs that are large contributors not only to growth, but solid margin rate performance.
Kathy Warden: Thanks. Yes, as our backlog is growing quite nicely, we see that providing a strong foundation for growth. We also are encouraged by our portfolio of alignment with the priorities in the national defense strategy. And I would tell you that goes beyond the defense strategy as it's written today. It really is a look at our portfolio compared to the threats that our nation and our allies are facing. And we certainly see space as a domain where there will continue to be an evolution of capability to address increasingly advanced threats from other nations and just the steps for space as a domain that now can offer much more war fighting capability to our nation and its allies. That's one example. But I could give you the same as we talk about weapons and the evolution of weapon systems or the importance of networking in all of these war fighting assets for advanced commands and control. And so that type of alignment of our portfolio says that if the threat continues to evolve in the way that it is today, there would be durability in our ability to continue to grow. And I would point to one other thing, which is the innovation that we are driving as a company that addresses some of the nation's most critical threats and is allowing us to win the work that you're showing us -- that you're seeing show up in our booking. That innovation is as Dave alluded to, targeted investments that we're making in our R&D and our CAPEX to be able to demonstrate for our customers the maturity of technology to address these evolving threats. And I'm quite proud of how our team is doing that. And it will be an increasingly part of the -- increasing part of the selection process that the government uses to determine the partners they will work with on a go forward basis. So those three elements of how we're executing gives me confidence that this business can continue to thrive even in a flat or slightly declining budget environment if, I think the primary if is the threat vector continues to be aligned with what it is today and we expect that to be the case.
Kathy Warden: Doug this is Kathy. The F-35 program will continue to be a really important part of our portfolio. We are involved in all three stages of the life cycle on the program and I would characterize those as production, modernization, and sustainment. And for production, as we've noted before we tend to run about 18 months ahead of Lockheed Martin in delivering a center fuselage and ahead also in the delivery of Mission Systems. So we will reach peak production sooner than Lockheed. But if you look at the quantities that they're projecting, we don't reach peak for a while on that program. Modernization is interesting and that for the mission systems, we actually will go back to retrofitting old platforms so the production volume there, once we get through the development stage of the upgrade program, will increase production once again in mission system. And then of course in sustainment, we're seeing that part of the portfolio grow as we get more aircraft fielded. And that's not just in the U.S., but as our global partners are also taking possession of the aircraft. So each of the stages of the program presents opportunity for us in the near-term. In the longer term, it's the modernization and sustainment spaces that will support growth.
Kathy Warden: So yes, it's true that I chose not to sign onto those letters. I want to make it clear though that we are supportive of a strong national defense and recognize that funds need to be appropriated to support that objective and we are directly engaged in supporting that cause. However, we did see that our impacts from COVID were less significant than we are seeing projected elsewhere. And therefore we have continued to focus on that very issue, making these impacts as small as possible so that we are not in a position where we have an additional bill for taxpayers to get capability delivered and will continue to be focused on that as our primary objective. And that includes everything from keeping our workplaces safe so that our employees can continue to come to work and feel that they can be productive. It is continuing to partner with our suppliers to ensure they have what they need to continue operating effectively and continuing to work with our customers to be innovative in how we continue to get work done even in light of constraints and how we would normally conduct operations. And I would say on all fronts, our team has been both innovative as well as strong partners to our teammates and customers to be able to navigate their way through. And that's allowed us to have this lesser impact than we anticipated as we sat here a quarter ago.
Kathy Warden: So I'll start and then Dave can walk you through some of the details. As we look forward into 2021 there's nothing additional that we haven't already spoken about that present significant headwinds that we know of as we sit here today. The three things that I would point you to and then Dave can walk you through them is Lake City. As you said, the James Webb Space Telescope will launch next year. And so we have expected the volume to continue to decline as we near completion on that satellite. You may have noticed that the dates of the launch moved slightly next year from March to October based on some COVID related impacts. That program is in final integration and test. And as a result, there are a number of observers from NASA and the testing was impacted slightly by people's inability to travel and work full shifts during COVID. So we did see a slight movement there in schedule, but we do still anticipate it to launch next year and as a result, that program will continue to decline in year-over-year sales. And then the third thing that I would point you to that we've spoken about on prior calls are some headwinds in the HALE portfolio with both Triton and Global Hawk. And as we work through this year's budget, we are -- we'll get better clarification on what those headwinds might be. They don't present risk in 2020, but as we look forward into 2021 they could start to present some headwinds. So Dave anything you would like to add on any of those three or anything additional. 
Kathy Warden: Sure. Let me start with our mission extension vehicle. As some of you may recall, we returned the customer satellite Intelsat 901 to service in April of this year. And it was the first docking of a life extension vehicle to an active satellite ever accomplished. And I'm very proud of the team for that. First of a kind, it's opening up a whole new set of opportunities and mission extension. And under the terms of that contract, we are going to be working with this through space logistics, four or five years to provide the services. At the same time, we have been working on our second mission extension vehicle and it has arrived at its launch site in French Guyana. And we actually expect that launch to occur in the next few days. And then in MEV 2 will dock with another Intelsat satellite to provide life extension services for it. That docking should occur in early 2021, and this just gives you a little color on what's happening on the program. But to the broader point, this is a market area that we are pioneering first in commercial and the application of it also into military grade satellite as the future holds. And this is something that our Orbital ATK team had started, but as we have integrated into Northrop Grumman has continued and we're leveraging the expertise and experience of the whole team as we look at the future set of opportunity.  You also asked about F-35. Really, I would not provide any additional color or guidance. As we do 2021 guidance we'll share some more insight into what we planned for the three components of the program that I spoke about production, sustainment, and modernization. I would say that each of those three pieces of the program and in the two sectors, the two sectors that primarily support the program, and then that there are a number of moving parts on those assumptions due to COVID-19 impact. We're working very closely with Lockheed Martin to understand what those quantities are, and we'll be able to provide you more insight as we guide for 2021.
Kathy Warden: Sure, so the large award in restricted space is indeed driven by a single award and it is quite significant. I can't provide any color on what it is, but suffice it to say, this is a long term program as a result of the size of the effort. And in answer to your second question on national security space launch, we are expecting that award to come later this quarter. And we have been progressing, as you know, to prepare our Omega rocket for the requirements of the award, which would be to launch next year in 2021. We are on track. We would be able to meet those requirements through our offering. And if we are not successful, we would continue to leverage that investment that we and the Air Force have made through the first two phases of the program into other propulsion activities in our GMD business. So this is an area that we like many selected to make this investment not only for the potential of a single contract award, it represented a national security space launch. But because it was a way to share our research and development investments across the product line that we can now utilize for other endeavors.
Kathy Warden: So Robert it depends on the contract on any given manned aircraft as to whether those first production units are incorporated into what's already been negotiated or whether they are indeed part of a new contract. And so, if they were contracted as part of the initial award, you would not expect to see the booking rate change because their cost for development would already be incorporated into the booking rate of that effort.
Kathy Warden: Well look I'm really comfortable with our guide which is approximately 8. And so if you take first half revenue you get to a number that is slightly below 8. So to your point there is some growth that needs to occur in the second half but as I said we are very comfortable with the guidance that growth is reasonable based on what we know today. 
Kathy Warden: So if we think about any new development program through a couple of lens; one, do we have the capability that we can offer a value add to the government and two, should we prime the effort or should we partner with the effort. And with our business and the opportunity for us to do work both on the platform itself and to the Mission Systems we sometimes make those decisions together and sometimes make them separately. I would say for digital century series because of the way it is developing and it's meant to be incremental and rapid, we continue to look at each increment and make the determination of where we conduct that value. So both our Mission Systems and our aeronautics sector are engaged in meaningful dialogue with the Air Force on the program and have work associated with the effort. But these increments will each represent different opportunities based on the requirements and whether we would play as the prime at the platform level or as primarily a Mission Systems provider. 
Kathy Warden: Thanks Todd. I would like to conclude by thanking the Northrop Grumman team for their dedication and perseverance which enabled us to continue to operate so well during the global pandemic. It has taken innovation, partnership with our suppliers and customers, and just sheer determination and I am really proud of what they have accomplished this quarter and expect they will continue. I want to wish you and your family’s continued good health and thanks for joining us on the call today. I really look forward to engaging with you in the weeks and months ahead. Take care. 
Dave Keffer: Sure, I'm happy to kick that one off, Sheila. So a few of the points you mentioned, I think are worth talking about now. In As we did have a very strong operational Q2 we talked on our last call about the COVID impacts on the business at the time of the call on a Q2 to date basis. Following that timeline, there was quicker than expected recovery from the business impacts of COVID on our AS business. And as the quarter progressed, we also had favorable timing on some materials that boosted results of the quarter. And the non-operational item that we talked about in our scripted comments and mentioned in our filings around the government accounting matter helped Q2 and we thought that may occur later in the year. So a very strong operational quarter combined with those other factors I mentioned. On an ongoing basis to your point, there are obviously continued pressures on the commercial portion of the business, but we're certainly pleased with the Q2 results of AS.
Dave Keffer: Hey Rob it is Dave. So it was a really strong quarter, particularly for restricted awards and particularly for awards in our space sector. So we're really pleased with the backlog growth in those portions of the business. We haven't changed our CAPEX outlook for the year. Longer term we've said in the past that we expect a similar volume of CAPEX in 2021 before that begins to decline as a percentage of revenue thereafter. We think that CAPEX outlook remains our best information as of today and we'll continue to really focus those CAPEX investments on the portion of our business, the portions of our business with the strongest growth potential, key customers, key capabilities to drive differentiated capability in areas that are consistent with the national defense strategy.
Dave Keffer: Sure just a little more color on each of those topics, on Lake City, just to quantify that a bit further, we think the 2021 headwind is likely to be around 1% of revenue. That's consistent within range we've given in the past or an estimate we've provided before. James Webb, as Kathy mentioned, I think we'll end up being more of a 2022 headwind than a 2021 headwind given the timing. That program is smaller in its annual revenue than Lake City. And then on the HALE portfolio, I think there are more moving pieces and budget determinations to be made and such so I wouldn't begin to quantify that challenge next year or beyond. And of course, all of this should be cast as well with the light of the space program, which is expected -- or the space business expected to be our largest -- I am sorry, our fastest growing business not only this year but beyond the large new development programs in that business that have bolstered its backlog this year and should continue to do so or sources of nice top line opportunity in 2021 and beyond.
Dave Keffer: Sure, it is Dave. I will be happy to provide that answer. Today as we talked about in the past we are around 50:50 in terms of fixed price versus cost plus in our mix. And that as you know is heavily determined by the phase of lifecycle programs that we happen to be in at any given time and the key drivers of that mix. On a going forward basis given some of the awards we've talked about to date and those that are expected in the second half of the year, in particular those large development efforts in the space business, we would anticipate that the cost plus mix would increase above the 50% level and that the fixed price would decline. These are our figures at the company level as opposed to any particular segment level. Of course cost plus business as well as perhaps more predictable and stable in margin rates in a typical scenario does tend to be at lower margin rates than their overall fixed price business. And so as that mix shifts certainly we are expected to lead to margin dollar growth and we will look to offset a portion of that impact on overall margins through really strong contract performance, program performance, careful management of our costs, etc. So that's the overall kind of trend that I think you should be expecting as we have these large new development programs entering the portfolio. 
Dave Keffer: Sure, we won't go so far as to talk about anyone else's results but we'll give you a sense for ours in the quarter. There were some COVID impacts on the program in the quarter. We talked about the impacts on F-35 among other similar programs on our last call. And experienced those impacts in the quarter which did affect the year-over-year growth rate for the program in the quarter. As Kathy mentioned earlier, the timing of our business related to F-35 in both the aeronautics segment and the Mission Systems segment are different than the prime timing given the nature of the work and so I think you can expect slightly different kind of trends in those businesses over time as we've had in the past. I think COVID impacts were the primary Q2 items of note there. 
