Kathy Warden: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We had a strong fourth quarter and good finish to the year. I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team for their continued focus on performance, innovation and agility. It's the dedication of our employees to these priorities that enables us to meet the commitments we make to our shareholders and our customers. Turning to our results, we met our guidance for segment OM and exceeded our adjusted EPS and cash guidance. Our new business capture drove a 21% backlog increase in 2019, providing a strong foundation for future growth. 2019 sales grew 12% to $33.8 billion benefiting from a full year of innovation system, as well as continued growth at Aerospace Systems and Mission Systems. Full year sales reflect double-digit growth on the F-35 program and growth in restricted activities at all four sectors. Restricted work accounted for more than a quarter of 2019 sales, a double-digit increased over 2018. Our segment margin rate for the year increased to 11.6%. Strong program performance and cost synergies more than offset margin pressure from early phase development work. Adjusted earnings per share also exceeded guidance at $21.21 for the year. Turning to cash, I want to congratulate the team on a very strong year. Fourth quarter cash from operations totaled $2.5 billion, and free cash flow was approximately $2 billion. For the full year, cash from operations increased to $4.3 billion and free cash flow was more than $3 billion exceeding the top of our guidance range. Strong cash enabled effective capital deployment. We invested $1.3 billion in our businesses through capital expenditures, strengthened our balance sheet by retiring $500 million of debt and return $1.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We increased our quarterly dividend by 10% last May and reduce their weighted average share count by approximately 3%. Business capture was a key highlight of 2019 performance. Net awards totaled more than $45 billion- or 1.3-times sales, and we delivered double-digit backlog growth at all four sectors. At the macro level, defense spending continues to be a national priority. The fiscal year 2020 investment accounts are up 3% to $251 billion. This increase shows the emphasis being placed on modernization, as called for in the national defense strategy. The development of capabilities to counter peer adversaries continues to be a priority. Our customers are increasingly focused on rapidly evolving multi domain peer threats in areas like space, hypersonics and missile defense. Our growing share of restricted work demonstrates that our customers are turning to Northrop Grumman for these capabilities. In 2019, restricted awards totalled nearly $11 billion with approximately $7 billion for restricted space. In addition to restricted awards, we receive several multi-billion-dollar awards for large legacy franchise programs like F-35 and E2D. We also received awards to transition development programs like Triton, GATOR, IBCS and Kirkum [ph] to work full rate production. We're also pursuing and winning the early phase development work that is the seed corn for the next generation of franchise program.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Sheila. I did mention restricted being our key growth area, both in our sales in 2019, as well as the awards that we received with $11 billion awards and $7 billion of that coming in restricted states. So, we clearly still see space being a growth driver for us into the future. And we also had noted in our third quarter call that we had received $1.3 billion in awards and hypersonic, we continue to see that as a growth area for the business as well. And I mentioned in my comments today, a demonstration that we conducted in the fourth quarter and hypersonic missiles as well. So, those are a couple of the areas that I would notice key growth drivers going forward in our restricted portfolio. As I look across the business, we clearly have headwinds as we exit the Lake City contract. This year, we have noted us about 300 million of headwinds in 2020. We basically now have exited the small caliber business. And so that's a headwind that will largely be behind us as we get past 2020. And so as we look at Aerospace Mission Systems and space, we see strong growth expected in each of those sectors, Aeronautics ambition, in the mid to high-single-digit space to low-double-digits, its defense systems where we have those Lake City headwinds that we see more of a stable growth profile, but really not looking at any part of the portfolio was under performing with those headwind the exception as more caliber.
Kathy Warden: We'll do. Thanks Peter. So, in costs energy, I noted in my comments that we exceeded their cost synergy target in 2019. And that helped us to generate higher than expected segment operating margin rate. So that area of commitment is certainly one, where we feel, we did what we said we were going to do and even had some opportunity to over perform in driving costs out of the business. And that not only generates near-term margin, but it also helps us to position the business more competitively to win in the future, which gets to the part of your question around revenue synergy. We have been realized the revenue synergy ahead of the estimates we had in by plan for the Orbital ATK business. And we see that continuing as we look into the future. I had noted previously that space and missiles are the two areas where we are seeing the greatest synergy and I gave a few examples in each including AARGM-ER which I talked about again today and the opportunity that we see there not just domestically, but also internationally. We still see those two areas space and missile seeing the ones that will be the key drivers of revenue synergy over the plan.
Kathy Warden: Thanks for the question. I'm glad that you picked up on that Rob, because we have been talking about it for a while, particularly as we discussed, what we have done on IBCS as a program, but I've also talked about that being more of an architecture. And we're now beginning to demonstrate that to the Department of Defense as we participated in demos in the fourth quarter, at least two of them. The one I noted around IBCS, for joint all domain command and control, as well as the one that we did to connect F-22 and F-35 in communications to enable the battle command system. So as we think about what the future holds, the ability to have an architecture that rapidly integrate both sensors and the sectors, and allows the department to tie these systems that have been built in more of a stovepipe fashion to communicate and to share information will be critical to their vision for future operations. And we are able to rapidly do this because we have been working for in these open architectures for a number of years. And we have ready to go solutions that enable this demonstration of capability.
Kathy Warden: And Jon, I believe the second part of your question was around the possibility of acceleration of award on GBSD. So, let me just comment briefly on that. As you know, the air force has made it clear that GBSD needs to be in fielding in 2029 and that the time to do so is short. And it's essential that we get started on the critical requirement. So, we've been investing in the people in facilities that we need to ensure that our team is ready to start upon award and that we could support for an accelerated award schedule if they are able to do so.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So, in hypersonics we do have a dual path strategy, the first being to support all of the primes in propulsion. And we've talked openly about the relationship that we have with both Lockheed and Raytheon in that regard. We also are a system integrator. And the demonstration that I mentioned in my comments earlier in the call was an example of where we were the integrator for that demonstrator. So, we do see ourselves following both paths. We want to be a good provider to the primes in propulsion and that means making investments that support multiple technology paths. But at the same time, we do have the capability ourselves to prime efforts and be an integrator for certain types of systems. I also will talk briefly about counter hypersonics and there we see really our expertise in space and the capabilities that we have in space being a key enabler to the future counter hypersonic mission sets. And we have looked at the space business that we are assembling and view ourselves as both a capable prime and payload provider in that space. So again, a similar strategy that we can be both a merchant supplier to other primes with payloads of importance in that space, but also the ability to integrate systems and provide end to end capability ourselves.
Kathy Warden: So, Doug, we certainly do see growth opportunity in hale systems. I would also point to examples that were working in the medium altitude space programs like Fire Scout. And then we have also areas of new technology developments that will allow us these scales the system down even further. But I would suggest to that the high altitude that you hear a speak about in the context of surveillance is the best coverage that can be provided. And so, it's quite economical for these high-altitude systems, at least in the surveillance mission to fly in high range. So, it all depends on the mission requirements. And that's what drives the system design. But we do have system architectures that allow us to scale as the mission requires.
Kathy Warden: Well, thanks for the question, Ron, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about both my macro assessment and outlook. I am pleased with where we are. One of my priorities when I stepped into the role was to Orion and the team toward several high growth campaigns and align our investments there. We of course, more recently have aligned the organization to execute that strategy. And as I look to the evidence of success, I point to the backlog growth that we saw in 2019. I would also say that being a head on our revenue synergy projections came from a lot of hard work from the team on a successful Orbital ATK integration, but also very rapidly integrating them into our strategy for these mission campaigns and the growth that we see there. I also focus the team on performance and agility. And there we continue to perform well in our program even as we take on a number of new development efforts and scale production, which are difficult challenges that they come with the opportunity of long term, sustained growth as well as strong operating margins. And I'm pleased with what the team is doing there because laying the foundation not only for our near-term future, but our long-term future. We realize the cost synergy from a successful Orbital ATK integration. And again, while that's generating some short-term margin enhancement, really the opportunity there is that we're more competitive over the long term with better rates. And just overall, I feel that we've over the last year enhanced our competitiveness. The demonstrations that I talked about were very rapidly put together as a result of making smart technology investments, understanding the missions that would be needed by our customers under the national defence strategy, and rapidly aligning our portfolio to bring forward together analogies that meet those needs. So overall, I feel good about where we are. And I think we're deploying our capital in a way that not only invest in the business but return a lot of the cash we're generating to shareholders and positions us well for future optionality.
Kathy Warden: And Myles, as we look at net EAC adjustments in recent years, we had a high watermark in 2018, with over $0.5 billion of net favorable adjustments this year at 480, still very strong. And so, I look at our program performance and just one indicator of that is our net EAC adjustments and feel that we've been doing quite well over the last couple of years.
Kathy Warden: Absolutely. So, as we look at the program, both domestically and internationally, we see growth. We are delivering more E-2Ds to the Navy, we also have the Japan orders that we booked in 2019, which will be deliveries over the next several years. I'll ask Ken to give you some more of the specifics on the financials, both revenue and margin rate expectations.
Kathy Warden: So, let me take a crack at, there are in two ways. First, as we think about outpacing the end market, the investment accounts in the 2020 budgets are up 3%, and we're projecting a 5% growth. So, if you looked in the near-term, you could suggest that that is outgrowing. But as you and I both know; it takes a while for backlog in these long cycle businesses to manifest in sales. And so that goes to the premise that it does take a while to these awards that we've booked in 2019 will come into sales over a multiyear period and therefore, is derisking growth in those out years and creating the opportunity for acceleration of growth. To answer your question a little more explicitly in our portfolio, we have opportunities like GBSD, which will if awarded to us, creates a sizable ramp over the next several years. So, it's had the opportunity to create an outsized growth for our portfolio. We also have talked about space and we see space as one of the fastest growing elements of the budget. But those awards are not yet manifesting themselves in sales. And we have other rewards that we anticipate this year, depending on how successful we are, that also creates opportunity for outpaced growth. So, I think the scenario that you paint is one where there absolutely is opportunity for us to continue over the long-term to outgrow the budget growth. But that requires us to continue to win business executed successfully, just like any other organization, and you'll make the assumptions as to the confidence that you have that we'll do not operate.
Kathy Warden: Yes, I did say that of the $11 billion unrestricted award $7 billion was insane. And that spanned the three sectors in the 2019 structure that operated in space. So Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Innovation Systems all contributed to that $7 billion of awards that I mentioned. As we look forward in the new operating structure. All of those businesses will be together in Space System.
Kathy Warden: Very good. Well, thank you everyone for joining us on today's call. I want to conclude by just reiterating my thanks to the team for an outstanding 2019. We're positioned well as we start the year-end 2020. With the backlog growth that we've experienced, the strong performance and our commitment to continued thoughtful capital deployment that allows us to grow this business for the long-term for our shareholders. So, thank you all for being with us today. We look forward to talking to you after our first quarter.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, Seth. I'll start with the working capital question and then head to pension. I would say from a working capital perspective, we did have better than expected performance in 2019. We've been really focused on working capital and trying to maximize the benefit there. And we did see that that performance exceeded our expectations and 2019. So, we're pleased about that. As we look at our ability to generate cash in 2020. We're certainly looking at kind of the growth of the company, the strong margin profile, delivering the ability to convert that margin into cash as the primary driver of the cash flow growth. But certainly, managing working capital as efficiently as possible will be a part of that as well. So, I think that, from a working capital perspective, it's something where it's not going to be a headwind. We don't necessarily expect the continued tailwind that we had in 2019. But as we look at 2020, I think that strong growth and converting our margins in the cash is probably the biggest driver of cash. And again, strong performance by the team in 2018 and we look forward to maximizing again in 2020. From a pension perspective, you're correct Seth. The current assumptions on pension would result in the prepayment credit getting burned down in 2022. And that would therefore result in CAS and funding being pretty similar as we look beyond 2022. And I would just comment that, as we look at the pension assumptions, we've laid out for 2021 and 2022. We've got a scenario where generally the cash - net pension cash, CAS less funding is relatively in a box, I would say. There's not a lot of a lot worse it can get. You'll notice that in 2022 CAS is about 150-160 greater than funding that would say that as we look at our performance, it is kind of in a box. And on the opportunity side, if we can outperform or other assumptions change, then we have the ability to drive down that 22 funding that is required under the current assumptions.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure. Let me walk through that. And as we look at 2020 and our capital deployment plans. We continue to think about it in the same way we have historically and that is invest in the business, which we're doing in 2020, including what we expect to invest in GBSD, as Kathy talked about. Certainly, paying a competitive dividend. And then also managing the balance sheet and share repurchase. And we've got an amount of repurchase that we're planning for 2020 and with that, behind us, we've got the cash to pay off the debt. As we look forward, there's more debt that's coming due and we'll certainly evaluate whether or not we continue to delever through paying off debt where we just delever through growing our EBITDA. And I wouldn't necessarily assume that because we're paying off the 2020 debt that means that we're going to continue to pay off more debt, we've got optionality and obviously we'll continue to evaluate what the best use of the cash is, as we look at all those options, the capital deployment. But we're in a good position of with our strong cash flow being able to deploy all of those avenues of capital deployment.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure, let me start on that one. From a CapEx perspective, we were at 3.7% of revenue in 2019. We had talked about the profile that we were expecting, as we were looking forward into 2020 and 2021. For 2020, we have updated our outlook to include GBSD that's for CapEx as well as revenue, certainly at the high end of the guide. And, that was not included in the numbers that we talked about last fall. So, the GBSD now included, we're looking at CapEx of about $1.35 billion for 2020 and probably $1.35 billion for 2021. And then kind of continuing to decrease so the percentage of sales beyond that. And I maybe would also just note that, as we look at 2020, we do have the CapEx in for GBSD and only maybe $250 million or so of sales given the award, expected to come in August.
Ken Bedingfield: Sure. John, let me, let me start on that one. I would say that as we look at 2020, based on the guide that we've laid out, you call it 4.5% to 6% or so growth given the range and again, that does include a GBSD, proceeding as expected in the August timeframe. From a margin perspective, I would say that as we think about it, in the new sector structure, again aeronautics would be relatively comparable to 2019. Space Systems would be down a little bit some of that is GBSD and some of that is just other mix changes as it continues to win new business and take on additional development work. And as we've talked about a low double-digit growth rate there at Space Systems. At MS, we did have the property gain in 2019. So, we see that as having a little bit of an impact on margins at MS, we mentioned that would result in a little bit of a margin, reduction into 2020, on a comparative basis. And then at the new defense systems, we are projecting that margin will be slightly up and as that business performs well. So, you know, look, we always incentivize the team to perform and to outperform our peers and we look forward to a 2020 where the team will hopefully continue to step up to the challenge as I've seen them do and drive the best margin outcome that we can get to.
Ken Bedingfield: Myles, let me take those questions at least, to start. From an R&D perspective, the biggest impact, the additional R&D was the full year of NGIS. You remember we closed that acquisition in June of 2018. So, we only had a little more than six months of their R&D, and certainly is a strong investor in technology and R&D to drive that future growth. So that's the biggest impact. I would say that this is a company that's always invested in R&D. And certainly as we look at our growth here, and our ability to grow over the long-term, I think the fact that we continue to invest in R&D through the downturn is one of the strengths that drives us today, and we will continue to do that. So, not going to put a number on it for 2020. But continued strong investment in a technology that will drive the growth that Kathy's been talking about is certainly where we're thinking about it. From your question on the EAC perspectives, I would just say that, look, a lot of the EAC adjustments are about timing. And as we think about 2019, and strong margin performance, some of that did come out of some of the more mature programs, where we have a bit of a stronger baseline margin rate rather than seeing it come through adjusted or EAC adjustments. And that's really how we think about the business, is what the programs can deliver and how the programs can perform rather than an EAC adjustment. So, as we look at 2020, and the programs and the sectors we see continued strong performance and that's how we generate that segment margin rate that we talked about in our guidance.
Ken Bedingfield: Hunter, I would just say that as we look at our awards and backlog in 2019, E-2D, contributed over $5 billion of awards as we look at both the Navy as well as Japan orders. And it's a solid contributor to revenue as well, around $1.5 billion in sales and strong margins. So really a solid program for us and one that we see as contributing nicely to our growth at Aeronautics in 2020 as well.
