Wesley Bush: Sure. All right, let me start with the question on the backlog. I think it's important to decompose it, and I also think as we have completed the spin out of HII, it's a good opportunity to kind of stand back and reflect on the portfolio and how backlog looks for different portfolio elements. Historically, with Shipbuilding inside of Northrop Grumman, we had 2 substantial sectors that were platform-driven and whose backlog would come in the big lumps that typically go with the platforms. And today, we are 1 of our 4 sectors that is platform-driven and that's AS [Aerospace Systems]. And if you look at our report on backlog there, you'll see a backlog that is characteristic of the large platform businesses that's running close to 2x annual sales. Our other businesses are typically shorter cycle businesses in terms of the duration of their contracts. And they also are businesses that tend to have a higher volume of ID/IQ business that doesn't reflect into the backlog the same way that the other contracts do. And so you'll see lower multiples of annual sales in the backlogs for those businesses. Together, as I indicated in my remarks, about 1.6x is kind of where we're running today. Your question was more forward-looking though, and my view on that really goes to where we see some of these pressures going that may have implications on things like production rates on platform businesses, I think that will put some pressure there. We feel a little bit more positive about that because of the heavier reliance that we have on Unmanned Systems, which we think are going to get perhaps a little bit more of the relative share of investment. So we like that positioning on unmanned. But I would expect a little bit more volatility over time. And the platform business is not just ours, but across our industry, given the scrutiny that's going to be applied, I think, more broadly to how much the nation can afford in terms of production rates. The other businesses, I think, are going to tend to trend to about the levels of backlog multiples that we're seeing. Now there's going to be overall pressure on sort of a total top line, and so you can argue about where the top line goes. But in terms of backlog to sales ratios, the level of multiples, I think, is generally indicative of the way the customer executes its business, whether we're in a more robust top line environment or reduced top line environment. So as a multiple of sales, I think that model is probably fairly consistent. So I hope that answered your question, Robert. And then, Jim, you were going to answer...
Wesley Bush: All right, and Doug, you asked about the county of San Diego and VITA [Virginia Information Technologies Agency], I would say, both have come long way in terms of stabilization. County of San Diego operating quite well. With respect to VITA, we see continued steady improvement on the performance there. Our first step on VITA has been transforming the environment across a very widely disparate set of IT systems, transforming that into a new state-of-the-art environment. And that transformation process on VITA is nearing completion. The agencies that we have transformed are seeing good, steady performance and performance improvements. We are still occasionally experiencing some challenges in the few remaining agencies that are continuing to operate under their older legacy, if you will, environments. And so from time to time, we see those flare up with issues, but we believe those issues will be mitigated as we complete the transformation process. We are working very, very closely with the Commonwealth [Commonwealth of Virginia] on that remaining transformation schedule. And we see that as on the right track. The program, I think as you know, continues to operate at a loss. That is not an attractive business proposition for us at all, but we are committed to be operating effectively with the Commonwealth to meet our commitments and make sure this thing operates and is transferred very successfully. And I think we're making really good progress on that.
Wesley Bush: There's just one other perspective, there's the math that goes with the share repurchase. I would just say, it's also instructive to look at our history. When we get a share repurchase authorization, we execute to make sure we get things done and on a meaningful timeline. So I think we have a pretty good history there as well.
Wesley Bush: Yes, Myles, I think I would characterize those areas as the predominance of focus. They are 4, we're a company that this year is $27.5 billion in annual revenue that we're driving towards, so certainly not everything, either does nor should, fit into 4 specific categories. We highlight those though to make sure that there's some clarity around the way we think about alignment with the customers' emerging needs. So they are not, if you will, criteria that we're using to determine, perhaps in or out on the portfolio. They are more intended to serve as a way of framing the way we think about investing. The way we think about aligning capabilities internally, where we see substantial opportunities for our 4 businesses to work together to create synergy. They do represent a large fraction of our portfolio. We've not broken that out publicly in the past, I'm going to be a little bit careful about doing that. But it is a substantial fraction of our sales. You asked a little bit about M&A as well. From my perspective, we have what we need in these areas. We're not looking at a big gap from a capability perspective. We do look in the marketplace to see what emerging capabilities might augment that over time, but given the strength of the portfolio we have in these areas, I don't feel that we need to take any dramatic actions that will be a departure from the disciplined approach that we've taken in our investment philosophy. So it's not a laying of the groundwork, if you will, for some substantial M&A program here. It is more intended to provide a very solid framework for how we're thinking about the move forward on the company, the alignment with where we see the customer going and how we're shaping our priorities for investment.
Wesley Bush: Yes, it is -- it will be a product of the continued activity that we go through. We have a pretty robust program internally to decompose our portfolio, not necessarily just along the lines of our organizational structure, but along the lines of what our customer is doing, along the lines of the market trends that we see. We also look at financially in terms of performance metrics. So we decompose it routinely to try and look forward into where we see the market going. And in those areas where we see departures from our ability to generate value, either through just the straightforward operations of that part of the business or through synergy, we want the different parts of the businesses to be working together so that we can generate more value. Where we see departures from those criteria, we look at whether or not we might be able to create more value for our shareholders and our customers and our employees by separating. And we've been doing this now, rather routinely, for a number of years. We have divested elements of our Electronic Systems portfolio over the last few years, and I think very effectively executed on those. We've divested components of our Information Systems business most notably the TASC business, and then of course the most recent substantial activity with the spin out of our Shipbuilding business. I think those are reflective of the way we think about portfolio management from -- is it generating synergy and where is it going. So I wouldn't want to call out any specific actions we might take, but I would want to emphasize the fact that we do think that active portfolio management is a key part of value creation opportunity that we see going forward, particularly in the environment where things are going to continue to shift.
Wesley Bush: Yes, Cai, I think -- this is Wes, let me just give you my perspective. We don't want to be very explicit about the timing or quantity of a share repurchase program. We want the flexibility to do it intelligently. And I think there is a very strong signal here that we didn't just say, "All right, here's the $1.4 billion from Shipbuilding. Let's go and just have that be our authorization and go work on it." As Jim indicated, we added it to, didn't replaced it with, we added it to an outstanding repurchase authorization that we had, and then we add a little bit more. So there's an important signal about the way we're thinking about creating value through cash deployment in the company. But as we have been, I think we have a really good track record of how we've done share repurchase. We are thoughtful about each of the steps we enter into. We're thoughtful about the mechanism that we use and the pace and we're going to continue to use that methodology going forward. So we're probably not going to say much more here at all about the pace going forward. But again, I think there's a lot to be learned by looking at what we've done in the past. It continues to shape the way we think about going forward.
Wesley Bush: Yes, Sam, let me take both of those, it's Wes. On the Electronic Systems, our reference there was not to an individual issue, it was a little bit more broadly. That some of the international budget environments have actually held up some of the contract awards that we've been working on for some time. We see delays there. Although, I would say in some countries there's some downward pressures that are some are even more severe than what we're seeing here, but it's primarily delays that we've been observing. On F-35, on LRIP 4, as you're probably aware, and I'm sure been interacting with our prime Lockheed Martin on this, there is a very, very strong focus on the part of the customer on affordability and how we get the program on a trajectory that is going to make sense, both to the U.S. and for our partner countries, that has resulted in a process on LRIP 4 of kind of standing back and making sure that we're all collectively doing the things we need to do to support getting to the right outcomes there. And it has delayed the contracting discussions, as we have focused both on contract type and of course the actual valuations. So that's taking a little bit longer. I think the groundwork we're doing on LRIP 4 is going to help pave the way for future LRIP discussions. But there is a lot of work to be done on this program to get it to where it needs to be from an affordability perspective. And I think, you're seeing a reflection of that in this timing.
Wesley Bush: Sure. Global Hawk is a program that we're really, really proud of. We never like to see anything like a Nunn-McCurdy breach occur. That's not a happy place to be. But I do think there was a lot of clarity in the discussion that the department provided to the Hill. Clarity that the primary reason for the Nunn-McCurdy breach was the reduction of the Block 40 quantities from, I believe, 22 down to 11 aircraft due to the budget pressures and the other pressures that the Air Force is dealing with. There were some other issues identified, like the managing manufacturing source issues on the ground segment. Getting some of the depots stood up because we're operating this thing all over the globe in a much more aggressive manner than was ever anticipated, when the original plan was created for this program and that's the original plan against which the Nunn-McCurdys are measured. If you look at what we're doing with this, we're flying Global Hawks with around-the-clock operations today in the Persian Gulf, in Japan, in North Africa. They are, to some extent, the victims of their own success in terms of being so successful from a mission perspective, that we're sort of scrambling to keep up with them from a budget perspective. Turning the clock back about a year ago, the department, the Air Force was very clear that they were not happy with the trajectory on affordability on Global Hawk. We made commitments and have worked very closely both with the Air Force acquisition teams. Dave Van Buren's been very involved in this as has Ash Carter. We've come a long way on affordability, and I'm very pleased to see the trajectory that we're on there. And I think the department is also pleased to see where we're headed. I think this is a program with very long legs. It's demonstrating such an enormous diversity of capability, whether it's on the surveillance side with the different mission sensors that were flying, and even more recently on the communication side with the BACN payloads that we're putting on the Global Hawk. So we're looking forward to continuing to deliver a whole range of capability, different versions of this very exceptional system to the Air Force. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the maritime version, BAMS, is proceeding well. So we're looking forward to some long legs on this platform with the Navy as well.
Wesley Bush: All right, Jason, this is Wes. Just your first question on where we see both opportunities, and perhaps risks in the operating margin part of our business. This has been an area of substantial focus for us. If you turn the clock back just a couple of years ago, our operating margin rates were below those of our industry peers. If you look at it sort of segment by segment, there were a lot of reasons for that. Some of it was the contracts we had taken on, some of it was program performance. So we've been working this very, very aggressively. We demonstrated, I think, some really good improvements over the last couple of years and have achieved margin rates most recently that are, I think, margin rates we can be very proud of. Does that mean we're stopping, that we're not going to continue to push? No, we want to continue to improve. There are some natural limitations associated with the nature of contracts we can enter into with our customers. But we are being very thoughtful about which contracts, we have structured our incentive system, to ensure that we are aligning the team on -- making sure we're taking on good contracts, contracts that we can execute for our customers. So this is as much about performing for our customers as it is our shareholders. We want to make sure we can perform because when we perform, we generally do well on profitably. And we're going to continue to put upward focus on that. The numbers that we've specified for this year, I think, are good indicators of where we believe sustainable outcomes are. We're of course going to be working hard to do better than that. But that's where we see the sustainable outcome levels. With respect to unmanned, unmanned is an area that's just continuing to blossom in terms of the applications. The early focus had been primarily on fixed-wing and surveillance. That is what we're seeing today with Global Hawk. Obviously, that transitioned for some platforms, not Global Hawk but it transitioned to some platforms for weapons delivery. We're obviously the surveillance part of this mission is going to continue to grow. We have taken a broad view to the application of the technology we developed, primarily this concept of a very open architecture that we're able to transport between different platforms. We've demonstrated this now with a number of platforms, including rotary-wing. We've had the Fire Scout program, and now we're working with the Bell helicopter, the Firebird program. We've taken it over to UCAS, which is truly a transformational opportunity to put a large, unmanned vehicle in a mode of landing on an aircraft carrier, and we succeeded in our first flight on that earlier this year, and that they had several subsequent successful flights. So we see, basically, anything that's been manned in the past has opportunities for unmanned. And unmanned further extends the opportunity space because some of the constraints associated with putting human beings in the aircraft that have limited the mission applications are gone. So we do see a full emerging set of new areas for this class of technology, and we're determined to be leaders in this to continue to stay out in front, and we're investing accordingly. So I hope that provides a framework for your question.
Wesley Bush: At the risk with the marketplace, to many -- to a very large extent. Obviously, we're going to be very attentive to that, as we move into this. Production rates, could always have some implications in that regard. And just the general market environment in some of our shorter cycle businesses could also focus in that area. In the past, if you'd ask that question I would've had a long list of specific program issues to go through with you. And I think we've made a lot of progress there. We're not perfect. No company ever is. And there are many programs we continue to work hard on. But I think we've made a lot of progress in managing the individual program risks. We have a methodology inside our company for looking at both the risks and opportunities on a program-by-program basis and managing them in accordance with that methodology. I think that has helped us a lot.
Wesley Bush: Yes, I will just wrap up quickly. Just to reiterate a little bit of what I said in my earlier comments, it was a really good start to the year for us, and we're very pleased with our financial results, particularly the continued solid operating performance in our sectors. This is going to continue to be quite a dynamic environment both from a customer side and from an industry side with plenty of challenges. But as we navigate through those challenges, I just want to reinforce, we are absolutely committed to value creation for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We believe we have a portfolio that is well-positioned to support those value creation objectives. And given that capability, our focus is going to continue to be on performance, on optimizing that portfolio and making sure we are effectively deploying our strong cash generation. So thanks for listening in and participating with us on our call today, and thank you for your continued interest in Northrop Grumman.
James Palmer: Yes. Bob, on your question on cadence on share repurchase, a couple of thoughts here. You'll recall that at the beginning of the year, I said that our guidance for the year anticipated a modest reduction or modest share repurchase program for the year. It clearly contemplated the pause that we had in the first quarter. Frankly, we didn't know for sure when the Shipbuilding spin would be completed. As we said in our guidance for the year, we anticipated it would be completed during the year, but didn't really peg a time for when that would be completed. We do, as we said in the press release announcing earnings and the share authorization increase, we're in the market from time to time. We normally don't give a time frame for when we're going to complete that $4 billion authorization that we have. But probably the best way to try to address your question is to address it from the perspective of the guidance for the year. And as I'd look at guidance for the year, I contemplate a range of share repurchase alternatives. A range of operating improvements as well. And I think it's fair to say that the guidance at this point contemplates about a 3.5% reduction in the average shares outstanding for the year.
James Palmer: Let me talk about margins, and I think Wes will add a couple of comments on the other 2 programs as well. For quite a while now, Rob -- or Doug, we've talked about 9% margins in this business, as where we thought the business ought to perform. Clearly, we'd like to push it above that. But 9% is our guidance for the year. We were at 8.9% as I recall for last year, 9.6% this quarter. This quarter did have some increased deliveries on some programs that have some hardware associated with improved margins with them. You expect that to kind of tail off as we go through the year here. So that's why we're looking at about a 9% for the year. Clearly, all of us were incentivized to do better than that. And I kind of think the 9% or so, a little bit on the upside is where this business ought to be and where we're driving it to be.
James Palmer: Wes, I just might add that those actions, Shipbuilding, TASC, Electronics activity, that's $8.5 billion of revenue over the last 2 years, 2 plus years that have been addressed.
James Palmer: So Joe, let me try to clarify here. The $1.4 billion, obviously, is the contribution that we received from the Shipbuilding. And what we tried to say is that, in thinking about our total authorization, we added that amount to what we had currently and some additional amount to get to the $4 billion authorization that obviously the board approved. That does not mean that we're going to spend $1.4 billion in the quarter or in the year. Frankly, some of the analysts, I think, have gotten a little bit ahead of us on what we were going to do for this year, because as I said in the year end call, we said modest reduction, contemplating the pause that we had put in place for our share repurchases. My comment to this is [indiscernible] that, Rob, on the share repurchases for this year that the guidance anticipates about a 3.5% reduction in the average shares outstanding for the year. So you can essentially do the math of recognizing that we had very little share reduction in the first quarter. We're only going to be able to start share repurchases here sometime in May. And so to get that kind of 3.5% reduction over the year, with the increase that we've already had in shares outstanding with the new grants in February, we're going to spend a reasonable amount of cash this year on share repurchases. Could we do more? Potentially. But let's take this in steps as we go through the year.
James Palmer: Yes, in terms of CapEx, I would look for about $600 million to $700 million kind of for this year. If we have a slowdown in revenue, clearly, it will come down as we go forward, but kind of the $600 million to $700 million is I think a reasonable range for us. It's about equal to depreciation and amortization. So in a kind of flattish environment, I look for that kind of relationship between our investment in the business and amortization of cost. In terms of progress on home office cost, we still have the challenges that I've talked about in the past, that we're going to have some stranded cost or cost inefficiencies, that come from loss of the $6.7 billion in our base from Shipbuilding. We are working on addressing that. As I said in the past, it probably going to take us anywhere from a year or so, maybe 2 years, to be able to fully address those costs, so that doesn't have an impact on the organization on a go-forward basis. We're in the front end of working on that. Clearly, the move to DC is an opportunity to deal partially with those costs. But I think that's essentially where we are at this point, Rob.
James Palmer: On inventories, I don't see a whole lot of change. Clearly, I'm pushing, we're pushing the organization to reduce them. But I think we're fairly efficient today in our working capital. It's always the big variance in our cash flow forecast for the year. We've normally can look at our EBITDA and cash taxes and cash interest and have a good sense of where they're going to come out, and the variable that goes into our cash guidance for the year is essentially the working capital variance. As you know, in years past, we've been able to reduce working capital at the same time while growing sales, which is obviously a difficult challenge, but have been able to do that. We're not as efficient last year in working capital, so I think we have some opportunities going into this year, and reflected in our range of guidance for cash. And I made it in broader that inventory, it's essentially working capital.
James Palmer: Yes. In terms of corporate, I essentially see us ending the year a little bit greater than we ended last year, frankly. Clearly, this year has a bunch of move-related costs that we're going to incur probably more in the third and fourth quarters. And so, you're going to see some lumpiness in this as we go through the year. Some of those costs are going to hit in the third and fourth quarter when moves actually occur. We are planning the move from Century City in August. Some of the people, some of the costs, obviously, is people-related cost, when they move, when they sell their homes. And so those are going to probably be in the third quarter and fourth as well, potentially some in the second quarter. And we're not necessarily always going to have the change in recoverability of state income taxes that occurred in this first quarter. So lumpiness, but I think on a global basis for the year, as I've said, a little bit greater than where we ended last year's in terms of total corporate. Stranded cost, essentially most of those stranded cost get a -- some of them end up at corporate. A big part of them end up as additional cost being pushed to the operating sectors included in their margin rates. So essentially, we're trying to address that, that way. And I forgot what was the other part of your question? Oh, pension. $355 million was our -- has been our guidance for the year, not $325 million. The run rate for the first quarter was a little bit higher than that. On a cash basis, we true up our cash cost late in the year, probably in the third quarter or so when we complete our census data for the beginning of the year. You might imagine this is a lengthy process to look at all of the employee populations and all the census. And so we have original, our initial estimate that's based on census data that's older. And then, we update it to the actual census data, and that takes us into the third quarter normally before we get that finished.
