Wesley G. Bush: Sure. Yeah. The go-to-market strategy I think is the most important part of this, so I'll address it first. As we've looked at the vector that we see our customer needs traveling along and we project forward on that vector, it's pretty clear that we're going to continue to see a convergence of capabilities that are needed in all of the solutions that our customers are going to be requesting or requiring. I think it's a sort of a natural vector of technology, if you will. So we want to make sure that as we think about our internal structure, there isn't anything that is in anyway inhibiting, of course as a first priority, addressing those technology opportunities and capabilities. But more importantly, we really want to make sure the structure that we have actually enables our company to be in a great position for creating those future offerings. And that's really the underlying strategy here and it's offerings both in terms of the products themselves as well as the service offerings, which are increasingly complex because of the nature of the capabilities that are being fielded. So that's the underlying strategy around the reorganization. It better integrates and aligns our capabilities in the directions that we see our customer community going for the long-term. And I will tell you it's generated a lot of excitement within our company. I think our employees have been seeing this vector and are delighted to see the opportunity to take a fresh look at how we are coming together as an enterprise to ensure that we are very, very well positioned for the future. The second part of it, I'll let Ken address in a bit more detail. Let me just say at a top level, generally, in our industry, our cost savings translate into affordability advantages over the long-term. But Ken, let me ask you to comment specifically on this situation.
Wesley G. Bush: We're excited about the vector that the Air Force is taking on open mission systems and open architecture in general. And in fact, Northrop Grumman for many years has been strong proponent of that architectural strategy. And primarily because we see it as an important avenue for the insertion of technology over the lifecycle of any system, be it a platform or any other system actually that our customers are procuring. When you have an open architecture, and think about it in terms of some of the capabilities we all purchase on the commercial marketplace. In the cases where there really is an open architecture, it's much easier to get the apps you need. It's easier to do the upgrades that you need and, over time, it makes the capability that you initially acquire sustainable for a much longer period of time. So it becomes really an avenue for innovation and creates new engines of innovation within the defense community. And I think we're all excited about that because we know that we need those avenues of innovation to ensure that we maintain long-term technological superiority. So I think this is all integrated into the broader strategic thrust that we see taking place with our DoD customer and, quite frankly, with our intelligence community customers as well, that we need to make sure that we're doing the right things today with respect to the fundamental way that we're building things, so that we can take full advantage of this very rapid pace of technology progression, take full advantage of that in our security systems as we go forward. So we are strong proponents of it. It keeps us all on our toes because it takes off the table a lot of what historically had been proprietary systems that sort of locked one contractor into a particular configuration for a longer period of time. It creates a more ongoing competitive environment. But I think that's healthy. I think it's healthy for our industry. I think it's healthy for technology innovation, and I think it's really healthy for national security.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. I think Ken said it well. I mean the focus for us, number one, is generating cash. And so we're very focused on that across the enterprise. And secondly, being really smart on how we deploy it. And we think a component of being really smart is to make sure that we've got good cash return to our shareholders as part of the broader (25:25) equation.
Wesley G. Bush: It's always hard to project how the vector of the industrial base will go over time. As I've said before, I do not believe that we are in a situation that perhaps we were in in the 1990s where single program decisions can cause precipitous actions by any of the players in the industrial base. We are today in a very different configuration because of the consolidation that occurred through the 1990s and the early part of the last decade. So I think that some of the commentary or speculation out there is perhaps rooted in an old way of thinking about our industry. We're in a very different place today. So I wouldn't be particularly focused on single event triggers. But that said, we're in a industry like every other industry that continues to shape, continues to change and, over time, I think it's really important that the industry itself figures out what is the best way of providing its products and services to its customer community. So I think that's the context for thinking about the world on a go forward basis, nothing is every stagnant. To think that it is would be putting your head in the ground. And it's important that the context of how to best serve the customers is front and center and, of course, the context of shareholder value. So, those are the considerations I think that will come into play as we continue to look at the future. Another really important avenue of thinking in that regard, though, to some of the earlier questions which I thought were really good questions goes to what's the vector of technology and what are the customer needs going to be. And as we are participants in a very high-technology industry here in aerospace and defense, the vector of technology has a lot to do with what the shape of the industry should look like just as it does in every other technology-driven industry, which is increasingly so many industries around the globe today. So, simply a view that things will continue to shape and change and it's important that companies that have a bright view of their future, like we do, think about that broadly and are proactive in that that regard.
Wesley G. Bush: George, let me say this. I am excited about our new organizational structure. We constantly evaluate our organization and I think you've seen over the course of my tenure that we've made a number of organizational changes. And we make those adjustments from time to time based on the approach we think's going to enhance our overall performance for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. And as we looked at this transition into a three-sector configuration, it became apparent to me that having a COO could be really helpful, particularly given the number of opportunities that we're looking at as we go forward. And that thought was also enhanced by the fact that we have such an exceptional leader in the person of Gloria to take on the role. So I am just excited as I can be about having Gloria come and join our team here at the corporate office to play such an integral role in helping us to move forward. Your question went to a little bit, I think, in regards to was there any implication there about me and my role. Let me just say this, I am so honored to have the privilege of working with the amazing people in this company. And that is something that I just absolutely enjoy thoroughly. So no one should read anything into the organizational changes that we announced with respect to my future plans. It's again from our perspective collectively, this organizational approach is the approach, we all collectively believe really positions us best to perform, because that's our number one priority in our company is to execute and perform. And also to be able to effectively realize the opportunities that we see both here in the U.S. and around the globe. So we're all excited about moving into this new operating structure and really excited about the future opportunities it represents for our company.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. So, I think I can safely say that Aerospace will report LRS-B when it finds itself in our numbers.
Wesley G. Bush: Howard, I would just say, as always, your question is very perceptive. The challenge that we collectively face in our defense community is the challenge of sometimes inertia that's driven by the budgetary instability that our customers are having to deal with. I will tell you that when I get out and interact with the seniors in our defense community and the juniors in our defense community that there is an appetite and a strong desire to see new capabilities introduced much more quickly. And this inability to plan that we've been stuck with now for several years is, of course, impacting that in a negative way. So as we think about this repositioning of our company, we are taking the view that, of course, we've got to continue to perform and execute in the framework of the acquisition arena in which we are operating today. So there's nothing about the reorganization that slows our ability in any way, in fact I think it actually helps even in the current acquisition environment that we have today. But we, like others in our industry I would say, are anticipating that things are going to change again. And we see some early indicators of that. The work that's being done in each of the services to think in a different way about how some of the technologies and capabilities can be introduced, it's not at the rate any of us including those in the services would like to see happen, but it's happening. And it's happening in the intelligence community as well. And so as those of us who have been involved in our industry for a long time, can generally forecast a little bit, when you start to see the beginning of the things happening, they're on that vector. And again, we'd all like to push faster if we could and I think generally speed is one of our challenges collectively, but it's going to go in this direction. And we want to make sure that we are out in front of it. We want to make sure that customers are never in a place where they're having to pull us along when it comes to technology and architectures and systems. We want to be in front and helping them and see the future. And that's exactly what the structure is organized around. What I experienced, I think a little bit more directly to your question with respect to the how you do it. I think what you have to do is you actually have to put the new thinking on the table as alternatives. And it has to get introduced early enough into the acquisition process where they're seen as viable alternatives, alternatives that can be pursued with manageable risk. And that's really the challenge that we all have is to get some new thinking on the table, get it matured in a manner that the risk can be understood and be seen as managed and in reality be managed and therefore enable some different acquisition approaches. And I think there's great enthusiasm for this. And hopefully – and this is, I think, the hardest part – hopefully, we'll get to a place in the budgetary environment where we're actually enabled to support our servicemen and women at the speed of technology that increasingly our adversaries are doing now every single day. So I think it's actually a national security imperative that we get this on the right track.
Wesley G. Bush: We gave guidance today, not yesterday. So, our guidance today is our guidance. So I would say it that way. But we obviously have had plenty of time to think our way through all of the implications, and that's where we are.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. That's correct. That's the home of the B-2 Spirit Stealth Bomber, that's the right place to put the new one.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, I think it's a really good question and we are a very responsible company in that regard. We take a careful look at our capacity to take on anything that we're bidding and we will never go out and make a bid on something where we have any reservations about our ability to execute. And so we thought a lot about this actually now over the last several years: how do we think broadly about that range of opportunities? And our conclusion is that we do have significant capacity, in large part because of sort of the natural transition that we've seen in development to production. And in fact, I will tell you that one of the concerns on the downside of some of these programs has been that if they slip too long or were delayed too long, what the implications would be not only in our company but in other companies around the inherent design capacity that's such a national asset. So take for example, F-35, we've been very, very active in the overall design activities on F-35 both in our role in the center fuselage as well as our role in sensors and in comms and navigation equipment, and we've been shifting that well into production now. So the design capacity from that activity has been available. Look at E-2D, E-2D in a similar state where we had been rather substantially focused on design activity for some time and we've moved E-2D successfully into production. Triton, we are now going through the test program, so our teams that had been focused on our Triton programs from a design perspective are tailing off on the design side of the activity. So when we go through our portfolio and look at these transitions from design to production, which are great, that's exactly what we want, that's the reason we take these programs on, so we actually produce things. But when we look at that capacity that we have inherent in our company, we see substantial capacity. So we are very interested and very eager to continue to support our customers in pursuit of programs like Joint STARS and the new trainer and UCLASS across the board. And we think it's important that we continue to leverage that very extensive design and manufacturing production capacity that we have in the company to support these activities because we all know when we are operating with our capacity very productively employed, we're going to be operating much more efficiently and that efficiency brings affordability. So, we continue to be very excited about those new opportunities as well.
Wesley G. Bush: That's a good question. Yeah, and let me just say it is primarily a strategy driven decision in that we see this class of service and solution offerings that often go with it on the backend of program deployments when we're thinking about modernization and other activities. We see this as integral to our offerings and the way we do business with our customers. We never want to be in a place where we're unable in some way to support our customers post-delivery, nor do we want to be in a spot where we have customers who are seeking some of these higher end services that ultimately over time translate the thinking into what the next systems will be. We never want to be in a spot where we can't support them. So your question's right on target because it is a really important part of our overall company strategy to be in the high end of the services market. We think it's important for any company that's going to be a full provider to those customers to have that capability and to be active in the marketplace. And as we look at where those service offerings are going as we look into the future, we think it's going to be important to have that breadth of capability that we'll have in our new Technology Services organization that encompasses both the hardware and the software domains. And again, this is thinking about more the integrated offering that we'll be providing. Now, we are going to be constantly challenging the team on their margin rates, because we are participating in that higher end of the marketplace. It's clearly an important focus of this new Technology Services organization to generate the margin rates that we see are attainable in that space. As Ken said earlier, we're not going to guide for our new configuration yet, we'll do that at the beginning of the year. But just as we have challenged all of our businesses to compare themselves to the marketplace that they are strategically positioned in, we'll be doing that with the services part of the portfolio and incentivizing the team to do better than what the market suggests they should be able to do.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. That continues to be a really important part of our – not only our business today, but our future in our company. And I've mentioned on some of our calls in the past the importance of international to us is a core element of our strategy. Today, it's right around 15% for 2015. And as we think about the opportunity set that's out there, I think I've mentioned many of these in the past, we're especially excited about the growth vector that we see in Aerospace Systems internationally both our unmanned systems, Global Hawk, and then over time Triton being the standouts there, but also with some of our manned platforms and in particular, E-2D. So if I look at – let me go back to the unmanned for just a moment, as we look forward, we're excited about the opportunity in Japan on Global Hawk and Australia continues to be very, very interested and positive on Triton. We are seeing some increasing interest in Triton from our European allies. So, we believe there is a very good trajectory internationally in our unmanned business. And E-2D Japan is probably the first up with respect to our international opportunity set on E-2D and I think that's going to be a really important part of it. So, we like the growth trajectory, the potential that we see for AS internationally. We also see really good opportunities around the globe in what we now call our ES and IS businesses which are going to be coming together into our new Mission Systems business at the beginning of next year. With respect to the Electronics component of that, I think you're familiar with many of the things that we've been doing with radars around the globe. And when we're looking at the F-16 fleet in particular, the SABR radar capability that we now are moving out with several parties already. We are seeing continuing growth in the interest in that. With respect to our current Information Systems business, we also see a lot of opportunities whether we're talking about C4I or some of the air defense capabilities that IS has. TS is also very active internationally and we have a long-standing global footprint in our Technical Services business and we see opportunities for growth there, both in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific that we're pursing quite aggressively. So, this is a really important part of our business, an important part of the way that we are working to create our future. And I've been delighted with the focus that we've been able to achieve across the company in finding the right avenues for growth internationally.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. Thanks, Steve. I just wanted to wrap up by saying I'm very proud of how our team is performing. I think this quarter demonstrates another good quarter of very solid performance and represents the focus that we have across our enterprise on ensuring that we're doing the right things to continue to drive sustainable performance well into the future. And I'll also wrap up by saying what I said earlier in the call, congrats to our Bomber team, just outstanding, amazing outcome here that we're also so very proud of. We really appreciate all of you joining on to our call today. And thank you for your continuing interest in our company. Thanks, everyone.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. Myles, appreciate the question. And we certainly do expect that the realignment will result in cost savings over the longer term. I will remind that we don't give guidance on 2016 or beyond at this point and we will give 2016 guidance in January. And at that point, we should be able to further address longer term impacts. But we do not expect a material impact on cost for 2015, and I will say that any cost impact is reflected in our guidance.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks, Doug, for the question. I would say that we have been burning down our cash balance as we've been executing on the repurchase program. And we have had some delays in cash collections in the first three quarters of 2015. We've historically had a significant chunk of our cash collections coming in the fourth quarter of the year and we see that trend coming again this year. So I think you'll see that we will build up additional cash balances between now and at the end of the year. We certainly like to maintain enough cash on the balance sheet for liquidity purposes and I probably won't throw a number as to what that is, but I believe we'll be strong generators of cash going forward. I believe we'll generate a fair amount of cash in the fourth quarter and I think, as Wes mentioned earlier, you can think of us as sticking with the same strategy in terms of deployment of cash and in particularly investing in the business, maintaining the balance sheet, and then returning excess cash through a competitive dividends and through share repurchases, and that doesn't change.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: No, I would say that again we are updating our guidance today for 2015, for the full year of 2015, and we're not going to give guidance on 2016 until January.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: I don't think I would be able to comment on particularly where the CapEx is lower. I would say it's just been lower across the board. And in terms of longer term, again we don't give guidance past 2015, but I will say and I think we've said in the past that we expect our CapEx to stay elevated for a number of years, and that continues to be our plan. That being said, we do also expect to generate a lot of cash in the coming years as well.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, Seth. I would say that, for the most part, we're dealing with a timing issue in terms of cash. We've had some protracted negotiations that have taken a little bit longer to get closed. And we have seen some changes in cash terms from our customers and that's having a little bit of an impact in terms of delaying the cash flow on some of our programs. But I would say for the most part, it's really driven by just some protracted negotiations and a few things that have moved out to the right on us. We continue to believe that our full year guidance for both cash from ops and free cash flow is where it will end up. So, I think, we'll make it back in the fourth quarter.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: So, David, again, not giving guidance beyond 2015, but I will say that a lot of moving parts in the company and certainly a lot of moving parts at AS. You mentioned some of the things, F/A-18, yes, is coming down, F-35, E-2D ramping up. Some international opportunities starting to ramp as well. So a lot moving parts. Some of it is more mature production, some of it is developmental. And I would say that we always strive to perform and deliver higher margins and I think you'll see us continue to do that, but I wouldn't want to give you a specific number for sales or margin beyond 2015.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Okay. Sam, in terms of the CAS growth question, we did – on our prepared remarks earlier, we updated our 2016 CAS estimate and I mentioned $75 million increase for 2016 based on where we see the market today in terms of returns and in terms of discount rate. We are not updating our guidance beyond 2016, but last year, we did have 2015, 2016, and 2017 on our Investor Relations webpage, but we are not updating that at this point in time. In terms of your second question about AS and ES coming in at the high end of the range, I think at this point, it's really just better visibility into what we see the year is going to look like. We've had some risks in the plan that have been burned down. So nine months into the year, I think really it's just about better visibility. We're satisfied with the volume as it's coming in at all of our sectors and looking forward to completing the year and getting ready for 2016.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks for the questions, Hunter. I think that – we have looked at that language, there's a couple things in there that would impact us. One being the pension smoothing and the other being the change in the rate that you pay for the – the premiums paid. We don't believe the impact of the premiums is material to us going forward and as far as the pension smoothing, haven't fully analyzed it but I think it's good news and likely results in funding that would be required in the out years moving out another year.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Pete, I probably wouldn't want to give the cash tax number. It's not a number that we guide to. I will say that we do expect our 2015 effective tax rate at 31.5%. I will say that the methods change that we implemented this year is something we did in order to lower our cash taxes. And we see that as helping us on that perspective and I think you'll see the number when we get to the end of the year.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, George. I will say that we've been working to get more of our EAC adjustments into what we kind of refer to as our baseline. So, as EAC adjustments occur, they get into your run rate margin. And so we've seen some of that. Our baseline margin rate without EAC adjustments has been going up, which I think is a positive thing. And in terms of the comparison from last year to this year, I would say I don't think there is anything particularly significant. It's just timing of items that hit in last year and items this year as well as the increased baseline earnings. We look at our business really in terms of our operating margin and operating margin rate and not with respect to what our EAC adjustments are. Just thinking back to the comparison, I guess the biggest impact last year to this year in terms of EAC adjustments would be the HATFA legislation last year that resulted in reduced pension expense for our sectors last year and therefore higher earnings and those EAC adjustments occurred in third quarter. But other than that, I think it's just timing across the sector and continued good performance in our baseline EAC margins.
