Kathy Warden: Thanks, Dave. So in summary, demand remains robust and we saw outstanding bookings and backlog growth in the quarter and year-to-date. This demand is creating momentum that supports our expectation for accelerating growth for the remainder of this year and into next. Additionally, our capital deployment strategy is aimed at supporting long-term growth and creating value for our shareholders. We believe the investments we are making today in digital tools and factories of the future are already enabling stronger program performance and contributing to our operating results. So I'm incredibly proud of the Northrop Grumman team as we execute our strategy and position the company for long-term success. So with that, we're ready for Q&A.
Kathy Warden: Well, thanks, Mariana. We absolutely have seen labor headwinds in the first half. But as we noted in our comments, we are starting to see those ease in the latter part of the second quarter and even the results that we're seeing in July so far. And what we're doing is aggressively across the enterprise, working both hiring and retention efforts. It is an all-hands-on-deck strategy to ensure that people know that Northrop Grumman is growing and hiring. And we are having good success in attracting people to our company. We've also been taking actions to retain the talent that we have and that has really started to take traction.  I will also say that the market conditions play a significant role in any company's ability to hire and retain -- and we've seen the market conditions start to soften. You can't pick up a newspaper or read an article online these days without seeing a company that's talking about hiring freezes or even layoffs. And so that will have an impact on the labor market and we expect continued softening as a result of that in the second half which leads us to feel more confident that the second half will look more like our prepandemic experience than what we've experienced in the last 6 to 12 months.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thanks, Rich. So let me start by providing some context on the issue. We announced our intent to acquire Orbital ATK in 2018 and the Department of Defense and FTC spent many months looking at the pro-competitive aspects of the deals, of which there are many and any anticompetitive risk before they approve the deal. And so during this period, the government identified only 1 concern and it was around solid rocket motors. And so we agreed to a consent order to address that concern. Over the past 4 years, we've executed an extensive compliance program and worked with the government very closely in line with the terms of the order. So we believe we've been and we continue to be in compliance with the order. The FTC did raise 1 matter. They were investigating a few years ago. But to our knowledge, that investigation has not concluded. And we've shared the -- this in our 10-K and 10-Q filings. So you can refer to those for the details of that particular matter. And now to the point of your question, I know there's been some recent speculation both on the status of that investigation and a broad range of possible next steps that the government might attempt to take. But I'll say that we don't see merit or precedent for most of those scenarios. And we continue to maintain that we don't believe this matter will have a material adverse impact to our company. So I won't speculate on what the size will be because we believe it could be 0 and certainly isn't material.
Kathy Warden: So Cai, a very insightful question as always. And I would say that certainly, it is beneficial to be supporting multiple like missions and understanding, therefore, how these systems can draw from a common technology base. Given both are in competition I won't say anything more than that and I'm sure you respect that. In terms of what does this mean more broadly, I would simply say that missile defense is an area of great importance, not only in the U.S. but internationally. And as I outlined in my comments, we're taking a broad enterprise approach to thinking about how we best spring the capabilities of Northrop Grumman to bear on all of these opportunities. And so we feel we're positioned well to support what the government needs. I do think there is a balanced view, however, that we need a broad industrial days in all of our missile defense programs. And so I expect that there is some appetite to carry forward multiple providers for longer as we are seeing in NGI that down-select won't happen until 2025 likely and to your point, may extend even further or go sole-source. And we think that is supportive of Northrop Grumman growth no matter how it goes. And we just support the government in making those decisions about what's best for their industrial base capacity.
Kathy Warden: There are a few, mostly what we see in the second half of new awards. And as Dave pointed out, we do expect now book to bill to be close to one which is improvement over our outlook at the beginning of the year because we've been having more success in competitive awards like the 2 I mentioned with FDA than we had anticipated. But as we look to the second half of the year, not as much competitive to be awarded more sole source to see about $1.5 billion of new awards in restricted within AS about the same in states. We do have a fairly significant competitive award that we're expecting any day in space, it's in the $1 billion class and then a lot of smaller things that add up to our full year expectation of close to one book to bill.
Kathy Warden: Thanks for the question, Kristine. I was just in Europe a few weeks ago. And I would say that I see truly a fundamental shift in recognizing the threat environment is real and it's now, right? I think in recent years, within Europe, there's been a sense that we're working toward a longer-term threat horizon and perhaps the pacing of national and defense security spending would have been appropriate in that environment but the fact that the threat is more imminent is addressed in what you're seeing is planned or committed increases in defense spending across most of the European nations. That does take several years so to translate into specific needs, by plan and sales for companies like ours. So I do expect that there might be some modulation based on broader economic factors and other spending priorities. But I don't see there being another inflection point back to a view that defense spending isn't a high priority. So I just see it fairly ensuring.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So as I noted, despite the urgency, it does take generally at least 18 to 24 months to translate intent into specific programs aspirations, customer wanting to buy x quantity of certain systems in production. And it takes even a little longer if it's something that is not in production if it's a developmental program. And so that can be 3, 4, 5 years. So as I think about the landscape in Europe, obviously, the time is now to be advising and insights on what can address their highest priority demands just as we do with U.S. customers but I don't see it having a material impact on revenues for us or other AMC companies in the next 18 months. So I'd say it's more in the 2024 time horizon that we would look forward to have a more material impact.
Kathy Warden: Yes, good question. So I would -- our today view is very much in line with what it was in the first quarter and we certainly are not immune to impacts of inflation. So we're working with the government to quantify those impacts and work with them to mitigate them. And this includes ensuring that appropriate funding is available for the government program managers to acquire the system needed to support national defense in this inflationary environment. And to that end, we're very pleased to see that Congress is including funding to offset inflation in their FY '23 budget markup. There are some structural characteristics of our business that naturally mitigate some of these impacts. Dave talked about the importance of deal structure. These are things like our mix of cost plus work versus fixed price, the relatively short contract duration of our fixed price contracts that allow us to renegotiate based on current conditions within 1 to 2 years and in some cases, escalation clauses that allow us to reprice. As we are looking now at new deals that we're entering we are being more forceful in including those escalation clauses in our contract terms, making sure that we're matching our supplier terms with our overall contract terms as some examples of what we're doing differently to mitigate the impact. And then we also, within our organization are working to offset the impact. So this includes managing supply chain affordability, looking at second suppliers where we feel suppliers are not addressing affordability, reducing costs in our own areas of overhead costs, including the real estate footprint as we noted earlier today, so while inflation is something that we are managing on a daily basis, I would say we haven't seen a material impact to our financials so far this year but we have to continue to be diligent to make sure that it doesn't become an impact. And we're watching very closely to see if inflation is starting to modulate. Our indications would be that, that is starting to happen but we're watching the data just as you are.
Kathy Warden: It is and this is what we've been talking about for a while that the Global Hawk franchise would be phased out over time. And we -- yes, we were expecting this. And as you note, the Block 40s don't retire until 2027. So that's a bit out in the future and doesn't have an impact on any projections that we've outlined for this year or next but it is in line with our longer-term expectations.
Kathy Warden: So Sheila, it continues to be about 10% of our annual sales in total across all aspects of our contribution to the program. As we have worked through our new contract for Lot 15 through 17, we have factored in the demand that Lockheed has for our components and we still see our outlook for '22 and even into '23 intact as a result of the new expectations around demand. As we look over a longer period of time, we still see production being the lion's share of our revenue volume. The sustainment is the fastest-growing element of our contribution to the program. And in Mission Systems, we have a combination of development and production because we're supporting the Block IV upgrades. And that most notably is revenue support for Mission Systems even as we phase out of the DAS program which also is in Mission Systems. We see Mission Systems revenue being fairly stable because of that increased volume around Block IV.
Kathy Warden: So we continue to believe we can accelerate our growth rate next year toward the mid-single-digit range which is how consensus is being developed. And so it would affirm that. And the demand environment is strong, as I outlined on the call. So that would provide some tailwinds. However, I would caution you just as I am thinking about this as we prepare to give you outlook and trends in October when we'll provide more detail that the supply side challenges that we are facing this year are real. And it depends on how they mitigate throughout the second half as to what that looks like going into 2023 and we certainly could be delivering higher revenue growth this year, if not for those supply side constraints. So it really isn't a demand question. And to your point, the budgets are strong enough for us to have even further accelerated growth into 2023 but we need to be able to deliver on that growth with the labor and the materials. And so we're monitoring that very closely and we'll have a better sense of what that looks like in October to be able to give you trends data into 2023.
Kathy Warden: So no, I honestly don't know why. I can speculate a few things that may be happening. One, as we are seeing these supply chain constraints, contracts may just not need additional funding, so it could just be a temporal issue of timing. Another is the labor constraints that we're facing, the government faces as well. So we have seen where some just shortage of people to get work done has impacted anything from outlays to invoice payment timing but that would be speculation on my part. I can't tell you why. What I can tell you is that for Northrop Grumman, we did not see that as a factor in second quarter. We had exceptionally strong book-to-bill, as I noted, at 1.48. We have seen acquisitions staying relatively on time and awards and outlays being in line with our expectations.
Kathy Warden: Right. Without lays, we generally see on existing programs that we let the government know when we're reaching a certain threshold of spending against the funds that they've outlaid and that will trigger them to provide the next funding increment. It could just be that many companies and programs are trailing with their timing expectation would have been. You're seeing that in the results across the industry. And so they just didn't have the need to do the outlays in the quarter. Obviously, that's a trend we all want to see reverse, because to your point, the funding is there.
Kathy Warden: Let me start with the second half of the question and then Dave can join in on the first half. We are not seeing Palmdale to be more competitive than other labor market. Labor markets across the country where we're operating are all competitive. Palmdale is no different but we have been able to get the staffing there that we need to execute on our program. What we've seen more so and we talked about this towards the end of last year, particularly as it impacted the F-35 line is absenteeism that ebbs and flows with COVID has been a bigger challenge for us. So we have the workforce we need but if they aren't as productive because they aren't able to be there consistently that was creating more disruption for us. That has started to even out. Even with this latest set of COVID disruptions, we have not seen the same level of impact because we've taken some mitigating steps. The other thing that we've done in Palmdale is put our own training facility in place so that we can more quickly onboard people to our production programs. and provide them the training they need. It allows us to hire lesser skilled labor coming in. We provide the skills needed and that has opened up the pool from which we can recruit. So we aren't just taking talent from other people's production lines and vice versa. So those are some of the things that we've done and we're seeing good results.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So as we think about sixth-generation aircraft, we are in the process of building the first of those to B-21 and that's given us some fantastic experience and lessons that we believe we can apply to other sixth-generation aircraft. And so we're positioned as a competitor. I think our government desires to have a broad industrial base, able to prime these large opportunities as possible. And we have been clear that we are investing and building our own capabilities and capacities to be able to be a contender.
Kathy Warden: Great. Thanks, Todd and thank you all for joining our call today. I again want to acknowledge the extraordinary accomplishments by our team already this year and the momentum that I feel is creating for the future. So I hope each of you enjoy the remainder of your summer and we look forward to speaking with you in October. Thanks again.
Dave Keffer: I think that's well characterized, Kathy, at a program level, in addition to being confident in our ability to deliver more in the second half, the timing of demand is also more weighted toward the second half of this year as opposed to last year when the demand timing at a program level happened to be a bit more weighted toward the first half of the year. So that too contributes to the stronger year-over-year growth outlook for the second half of this year.
Dave Keffer: Thanks, Rich. This is Dave. I'll take that one. We've gotten a lot of questions in the last few months given the evolving geopolitical global situation about near-term impact. I think the reality is in a business as long cycle as ours, these things take time to have an impact. And we are certainly engaged with U.S. and international customers talking about areas of particular demand -- we mentioned products like IBCS on the call today. I would say mission areas like missile defense or a particular international interest, as you'd expect. But it will take time for those things to have a financial impact. And so I'd hesitate to project in any specifics what that may be in the near term. It's something we'll keep you apprised of over the next several years as those opportunities become reality.
Dave Keffer: Sure, I'm happy to touch on that one, Doug. In the first quarter, we had an unusually high volume of favorable net EACs in the second quarter net EACs were light. This is the typical nature of a business like Aeronautics, where there is quarterly fluctuation. But in aggregate, we have even a slightly stronger outlook for the year, as we described earlier on the margin rate side than we did previously. So you need to look through and look past quarterly fluctuations in net EACs and toward the overall outlook. On the sales side, that net EAC fluctuation rolls through sales as well. And so I'd note that it was relatively stable in the first and second quarter. AS is another business, as we described earlier in our comments where we see a higher volume of material receipts projected in the second half than the first. And so I think, a reasonable second half ramp from where we are today and very consistent with the projections we've been providing for a couple of quarters now.
Dave Keffer: Sure. We're -- as you mentioned, we're incredibly pleased with the backlog growth, the award volume that we've had in space programs like both the transport and tracking layers of the FDA architecture are great examples there of work we're doing, really at multiple layers with multiple products supporting multiple mission areas in the national security and civilian space markets. In terms of how that backlog then breaks down in terms of award volume over time -- or sales volume over time, it's been our fastest-growing business and we anticipate that it will continue to be our fastest-growing business and not just any 1 program, GBSD is obviously a large contributor to its growth last year and this year. But the growth is much broader based. And so while GBSD has grown about $0.5 billion in our '22 estimates and should show similar growth in '23, we would anticipate a similar volume of growth outside of GBSD going forward. and our growth outside of GBSD for this year is actually exceeding GBSD's growth on a dollar basis in space. So really broad-based outstanding growth, not just in backlog but to your point in converting to sales as well.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Happy to jump in on that one, Sheila. In aggregate, that you can think of that franchise in the 1% of sales range. But as you point out, they are important domestic and international components to that today and equally importantly, international opportunity going forward as well. Certainly, it's a critical mission set that our IBCS capability can meet by attaching a kind of previously disconnected sensors and shooters and bringing new capability to disparate systems which is really central to the modern mission set, both domestically and abroad. So we look for that to be a growing franchise. We're really pleased with the competitive awards of the past year. There should be some second half growth in the program. And again, it's a critical part of our Defense Systems franchise.
Dave Keffer: I appreciate you raising that topic for a follow-up. We noted on the call that we direct your attention to the pension sensitivity slide we provide every January. So to give you a feel for the approximate impacts of an increase or decrease in a discount rate or a level of asset returns of a certain degree. The discount rate increase is the most significant effect that we would see on FAS/CAS income if the year were to end today, we've seen well over 100, perhaps even approaching 200 basis points of discount rate increase since the year began. And so as we noted in that sensitivity slide, every 25 basis points can have $1 billion or more impact on mark-to-market at the end of the year and a substantial impact on the FAS/CAS income going forward. Again, these are nonoperating GAAP earnings amounts. They're not cash flow drivers. If anything, as we noted, the CAS reimbursements are expected to tick up slightly. And so from an economic perspective, there's a small benefit there. From a GAAP earnings perspective, would draw your attention to the discount rate and asset return sensitivities. And of course, we'll see where the market moves over the next 6 months to give you a more final sense of the '23 FAS/CAS outlook.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Thanks, Seth. So I would point out a few things. One, we've had outstanding returns on our pension assets over any period you look at historically, over the last 20 years, well above market return expectations. We're really proud of the value that, that has generated and the benefit that, that is both to the company and to our government customers. As a result, we are very well funded today. We talked about a 96% funded status level that fluctuates day-to-day, given market movements. But again, we're in slightly better funded position today than we were even as of the first of this year, given the changes in the interest rate environment offset by the changes in the asset returns that you'd expect. So there's a lot of moving pieces under the surface. But in aggregate, we don't today feel a burning need to make a change to our long-term strategy. It has been working. It's been a value to the company, to the participants and to the government. And as a result, it's certainly something we'll continue to assess over time. But at this point, we're pleased with asset returns over any long period of time, Pleased with the funded status that results from that and we'll continue to keep you apprised if there are any changes along the way.
Dave Keffer: Sure. In aggregate, for a sector like AS, we would expect, in a typical year, to have a healthy underlying OM rate. And in a typical year, we would have some volume of favorable net EAC adjustments. Of course, at any given time, we don't know which programs those may come from because we've factored our risks and opportunities into our current EACs and we need to perform well and retire risks in order to drive those improvements in EACs. So I'd be reticent to be able to point to any particular program that we think will be a key or much less the key driver of EAC benefits over time. But certainly, within our restricted and unrestricted portfolios, we need to continue to execute well, drive efficiencies in every one of those programs and again, continue to have some volume of net EAC pickups on top of the healthy underlying segment OM rate in the business. It's a segment whose execution we're proud of with some critical programs and we'll look to continue to build on that.
