Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hey, Myles, thanks for the question. In terms of our cash on F-35, our profile is a little bit different than Lockheed's, as they're prime and we're sub. We are on progress payments today as we perform on our work that's in the flow today. And as we get on contract on LRIPs 9 and 10, we will move to performance-based payments. That will liquidate some of the withhold that we see, primarily at the AS sector in terms of cash flow, but we fully expect that we'll get that resolved, and should see that sort itself out by the end of the year.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. Let me just add that I would say, I agree it's a matter of TS having a broad portfolio of contracts, that are generally differentiated in the types of services we offer, and just real good execution by the team this quarter. There was really no major program or no major area that drove the majority of the increase. All of the sectors are innovative teams that work really hard to deliver, and they've shown that they can do that this quarter. And, I would just say that maybe another piece of it kind of broadly is disciplined bidding behavior and making sure that we're going after the right work that can deliver the right margins as we look forward. So, I think that's an important piece of it as well.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: George, I would say that halfway through the year, we're a bit shy of $5.2 billion in sales. We've got programs that are ramping in terms of volume and programs that are declining. We mentioned F/A-18, AHF (sic) [AEHF] (22:51), and James Webb on the declining side. So, as we look at the profile, I think we don't generally see significant fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. We don't tend to see a big fourth quarter like some of the other participants in the industry. And, I think the other impact we're looking at is a fewer number of working days in the fourth quarter of 2016, which is driving kind of a fewer number of second half versus first half days in the year based on our quarterly accounting conventions. So, overall, I would say that we see certainly a solid path to the low-$10 billion range and the team will work hard to deliver solid results for the rest of the year.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sam I'd just add it's always the balance. We want to put our cash to work and making sure that we've got the right balance between putting it to work and having the adequate balance we need just to run the business is somewhat a reflection of the volatility that we see from time-to-time in the market space. During the period of time where we were dealing with shutdowns and some of those other issues, that biased us a little bit more in the direction of a more significant balance. It's hard to tell that we're necessarily in a period of greater stability on funding. We'll see how this whole CR process works out. But it's working to find the right balance in that overall equation with a strong bias towards putting our money to work.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. The rev rec standard, we do expect will result in a change to a number of our programs, F-35 probably being the largest in terms of those programs for which we are on units of delivery. If you think about it, essentially, we will take units of delivery sales in the year of adoption and we'll take those units of delivery out and replace it with cost to cost sales. So, generally, we expect it to have a not too significant impact in terms of any particular year in regards to the P&L, and the sales and earnings to be generated. Certainly, something we're spending a fair amount of time on. Our accounting folks are working hard on that. We do expect to have that fully analyzed and our method of adoption identified by the end of 2016. And I'd say we're well on track to dealing with that issue, and we don't see it as significantly impactful to any particular P&L as we look forward.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: The pull-forward could result in a little bit more revenue than units of delivery. It really depends on timing in terms of what's being delivered that quarter versus the work in flow. And so, it's still a little bit out in front of us. The closer we get to it, the more accurate I could give you an impact of what likely increase. There likely would be some increase there, although some other programs could result in some decreases going the other way. So, as we get closer, we'll be able to give you a better picture of that.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: That's right. We'll select our method of transition, but the transition itself will be the first of 2018.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, Doug. Let me start and maybe Wes will add some comments at the end. But in terms of mix, we do have some additional development coming in. You talked about the B-21 and there's always a mix of development versus production work, as we look. But the other piece of this is that we've also got a fair amount of production. We spent a little bit of time talking about F-35 today, as that production should mature and ramp. E-2D is in mature production. And Wes mentioned we're looking to get to LRIP on Triton. So, we've got a bit working both ways. We do incentivize the team to perform better than the benchmark and its peers. That benchmark continues to be 11% for Aerospace. And I would say maintaining historically a strong level mix of production versus development, I think will that move one way or the other, yes. I think development could move up, but I don't think it swings so wildly that margin rates are unsustainable. I think I've described margin rates as kind of relatively range-bound. We certainly don't expect any precipitous drop in rates. And one thing we know is, is the team out there will continue to drive and find ways to perform.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Joe, I would say that largely those headwinds start to ease a bit in 2017. The F-18 should kind of flatten out and stay at a delivery level of about two a month. The others could see a little bit more decline as they continue to mature, but I don't see it as a particularly significant drop in those programs.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Wes, let me just add to that, that a couple of other things to think about. One, for TS, I think it's important to think about its intercompany focus and the work that it does supporting and being really integrated with MS and AS. And you've seen that growing as a percentage of TS's sales. And I would expect that's going to continue to be a strong and important part of its business. One other impact as we look forward was a re-compete this year, where we bid what we believed was an appropriate margin rate for this type of work. And unfortunately, were not successful in that bid. So, that impacts the business as we look forward as well, and all that's factored in.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Cai, thanks for the question. On the REAs, let me kind of cover it broadly. The one REA that we discussed in the 10-Q was resolved in July. It was reflected in the numbers and does not result in a material impact for a disclosure in the financials or the 10-Q. In terms of the remaining REAs, there is a remaining balance that we believe is not material for disclosure, working through that, or those, in due course and don't expect any material issues arising out of that, certainly to the downside. And to the extent there's an immaterial upside, we'll include that in future 10-Qs or 10-Ks, as the timing is right.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: There is a number of outstanding tax audits, Cai, that continue through the process. And some roll their way out and/or realizes. We saw 2007 through 2011 was this quarter and other audits, be they Federal or state, or other international jurisdictions, sometimes roll their way into what we call the early warning disclosure in terms of what changes we could see in the next 12 months. So, it's just kind of a rolling inventory of a large number of claims and audits that our tax team works very hard to stay on top of and maximize our cash tax benefits, while always making sure we're in strict compliance with the tax laws and regulations.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: No problem, Hunter. I would say that I don't think that this – the profile of the CapEx for 2016 is surprising to us. We fully expected that we'd have the facilities in the early half of the year. And we've been executing on that, as Wes mentioned. We've got a couple other major projects that are working their way through the system. And we fully expected that some of that would be second half-loaded. So, we see a higher level of CapEx on the non-facilities side of things in the second half of the year. And, we fully expect to be within the range of $800 million to $1 billion. In terms of the future CapEx requirements, I think what we've talked about is, is that we expect to stay elevated from our historical amount, if you look back a number of years, for a few more years. And what we're seeing today, I don't see any significant change in our previous expectation as to where we are today on that outlook. So I think we would continue to say not necessarily the number of facility actions in front of us as we saw the first half of this year, but we do see as we grow the business and we're investing for the future, profitable growth that we see in front of us, we'll see an elevated level for a few more years, but, no change from where we've been in terms of the longer-term outlook.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Let me start on the margin side and LRIP 9, 10. And then, I'll turn it over to Wes on the Blueprint for Sustainability. And I can comment briefly on Blueprint for Affordability, as I was a bit involved in that when I was in my previous role at the AS sector. In terms of F-35 margin, I would say that, yes, in fact, the margin rates we're realizing on that program is not what we expect at this level of maturity. We're talking about LRIPs 9 and 10 moving into full rate production, and we would expect that the margin would be a bit higher than where it is today. That being said, the negotiation of each lot is only the first step in that process, and you've got to perform in order to realize the margin. So, we've been able to work hard with Lockheed Martin to get to an MOU on LRIP 9 and 10 for AS, and we were previously there on the other sectors. And, now it's a matter of performing and delivering the margin that we expect out of that program. From a BFA perspective, we did invest along with BAE and Lockheed Martin in the BFA through I guess that was in 2012-2013 timeframe. And, I would say that we've been making good progress on that working with the industry team and the government through that process. Any other questions on BFA, I'd refer you to Lockheed Martin for any other comment.
Wesley G. Bush: And this is Wes. I'd just add that from quarter-to-quarter, we may see a little bit of variability, but I think the thrust of your question applied to the long-term is exactly right. We see AS on an upward trajectory over the next number of years as we are executing that broad variety of programs that I mentioned in my remarks. So while quarter-to-quarter, we may see some little ups and downs, the trajectory that you mentioned is the right one.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks for the question, Sam. I would comment that we are satisfied with the amount of cash we have on the balance sheet and satisfied with our liquidity position. It's a bit lower than where we were the second quarter of last year. I think we were a bit north of $1.25 billion, somewhere shy of $1.3 billion last year at this time. So, we're looking forward to a strong second half in terms of cash generation. I think you'll remember that that's pretty consistent with our normal historical pattern of cash generation, although I'm determined to figure out how to pull some of that forward into the first half of the year as we look forward. But overall, we don't have any concerns about where we ended up the second quarter on cash and look forward to solid second half of the year and then delivering continued solid cash results from there as we move forward.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, I think Ken said it well, Doug. I guess the way I would frame it is, if you just look at the mix of development and production that we have, we have every opportunity to continue to do well on margin rate, so it comes down to performance. The other variable is how much more we win, and we'd like to win some more. And we think we are well-positioned and we're working hard to provide our customers with some very innovative offerings, so we'd like to continue to add development content to the business as we can. But at the same time, and Ken mentioned this, we're going to the team incentivized based on our benchmarking process, where we need to do better than the benchmarks. So, we only want good wins. We want wins that will help us continue to perform well, and where we're going to be able to deliver the customer really good capabilities. So, our future wins could have, if you think about it in broad context, could have some impact on the mix. So again, it's going to come back for performance (33:24). So I think we have a good opportunity to continue to do well on the margin rates at AS while we continue to work on some additional captures to continue to grow that business. And the bottom line is we got to perform.
Wesley G. Bush: So, it's a little hard right now to project on the timeline for it, just given the fact that as we make our decisions, we, at the same time, make sure that we continue to support our customers. We're a company that never leaves a customer high and dry simply because we've decided that we're changing a part of the portfolio. And, I'll give you an example on that. Our approach in state and local, where we've been pretty clear that we've been ramping down our business in the state and local marketplace over the last few years. And so, we're not rebidding on a lot of new things. But, in many cases, those customers need us to hang in there a little bit longer to affect a smooth transition. And we're committed to making sure we support them. So, a lot of the variability here is on the nature of the customer needs to ensure that nobody gets left hanging in some manner. We want to make sure we support them well. My experience on these transitions, as we've gone through them over the last few years, suggests that it takes usually, at a minimum, about a year, but sometimes it can be a little bit longer than that to affect the portfolio shaping. Some of that gets assisted by where the new bids are. And we can elect in many cases to just simply not rebid in an area that we're working to transition out. And you asked for a few examples. So, state and local is one, where we are continuing to work our way down through that process. There are other areas, both in the global logistics and modernization programs, as well as our modernization services, and our advanced defense services businesses, where we're looking at the nature of how the customer is buying. If their approach to buying is shaping things more in the direction of the commodity services, that's really not the part of the marketplace that we see ourselves as adding great value. We tend to do a better job for our customers in areas where they need some aspect of technology componentry as a part of what they're doing or they need engineering applied to the outcomes for the products or services that they're looking at. And that, over time, continues to shape and shift a little bit. So, this is really down at the business unit level, where we're sorting through each of these areas and making those decisions. And I think you'll see the outcomes of some of those decisions as we begin to talk a little bit more about 2017. And then, that'll allow us to lock in on it and make sure we're investing on it the right way and move through that as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Wesley G. Bush: We always look at that full range, Carter, of portfolio options, but I will tell you in this case, what we see is the redeployment of people. We've got a great asset in that business of just extraordinary people, who can provide really good returns and provide really good outcomes for our customers as we better deploy them into these areas where we think there are better opportunities. So, my general bias in looking at a business like TS, where we do have such an amazing group of employees, is to just more effectively leverage that capability that we have into a place that makes a lot more sense for us to be, and, again, being mindful of it and respectful of our customers' needs, so that we are not causing any customers any grief in the process. So, that's generally how I see this going. As always, and you've seen us do this over the last number of years, if it's very, very clear that some part of our business would be better executed in the hands of another party, we're the first to step up and make that happen. But, in general, just giving you my impression of how I see things headed at TS, I have a bias towards redeploying the amazing people that we have in that organization to ensure that we can be on the better trajectory.
Wesley G. Bush: Not really, and I want to be careful that this doesn't come across as a huge sort of instantaneous transition of the business. We're just talking about the general vector that we see the business on. Again, I don't see a precipitous drop in any aspect of that business as we move into 2017. But when I compare the three businesses, AS and MS to TS, I would say that we're looking for a more near-term reflection of our growth opportunities at AS and MS and that will lag just a little bit in TS. That's the way I would frame it for you.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, thanks, Howard. I appreciate it. There is, as you point out, so much innovation that's occurring right now and attempting to insert some very new thinking into the way our customers are executing their missions. SEWIP Block III and JCREW are perfect examples of that. And we're really proud of those wins. And I'm especially proud of how the teams approached those areas. Those are reflections of some much of what we do in the company that takes a number of years of investment in advance to really generate the level of technology capability that we can demonstrate to the customers and show them that they can achieve and some of these cases, something that they didn't actually anticipate being able to do when they began thinking about the way they were going to formulate their mission capability. And in all of these areas as we are able to not only advance the technologies themselves, but better integrate these rapidly-moving technology spaces, we're creating these types of outcomes for our customers. And I'm especially excited and proud about that. SEWIP III, you mentioned a really good example of how the Navy is thinking aggressively ahead on electronic warfare. And, it needs to, given the complexity of the threat environment that the Navy is going to be facing as they move forward. And, in JCREW, if you looked at what we've been able to do over the years in our communications space through the application of software-defined capability and the ability to integrate a lot of different ways of operating into singular devices, I think that's a really good example of that outcome. You mentioned space. And space is an area that I really think we're on the beginning next steps of a change in the way of looking at the space portfolio for the nation. For years, we operated our space assets with sort of the perspective that we were in some sort of sanctuary in space, and didn't really have to worry about threat. And that's changed dramatically over the last few years. You've heard a number of senior officials in government talk about that shift in the thinking and that understanding. And, consequently, as we go forward, I think just about all of the space missions that are going to need to be recapitalized are going to be recapitalized with those concerns in mind, which inevitably moves the architecture of those missions in the direction of the application of higher-end technologies, which is what we do. So, I think there will be quite a few very good opportunities for both our company and the companies with whom we partner in addressing these new needs in space. And we are investing to make sure that we're in the right place on that and forming the right partnerships to ensure that we can together bring the capabilities our customers are going to need. So, there's actually quite a bit of work that's going on in our company and across our industry right now on the higher end of these technologies to ensure that our customers are going to be able to get what they need from us.
Wesley G. Bush: There are, sort of across the board on a lot of these things, much of the advanced study work, as you might imagine, is classified, so we're not able to talk very much about that, but I would just say there is quite a bit of effort and energy that our customers are putting into making sure that the application of these advanced technologies really does enable them to differentiate their war-fighting capabilities.
Wesley G. Bush: Seth, I think that one of the complications of backlog is it's really hard to analyze on a quarterly basis. And we certainly, being kind of a longer cycle businesses at AS and MS, we do see the impact of – I wouldn't call it necessarily seasonal change in the backlog, but kind of fluctuations in terms of increases as large orders come in and decreases as you kind of burn those down. So, I would say it's not unusual, pretty consistent with our historical timing of booking awards and our backlog balances. And that's one of the reasons that we don't guide on book-to-bill is it's just, in a long cycle business, it can be a bit lumpy, and dependent on timing of getting awards in the door and when those contracts are signed and negotiated.
Wesley G. Bush: Let me just comment broadly on the blueprint investments, because just the tone of your question, I think, perhaps conveyed a little bit of a negative view on them that I think is inaccurate. These investments, they are team investments that are focused on helping our customer get cost out. And as we do that, they have inherent in them a return mechanism for the company. So, this is not sort of a side-swipe at some way of reducing our margin or something. This is an overt decision by the industry team to come together, to work on ways to actually get the cost, the unit costs in the case of the BFAs and then the sustainment cost in terms of the BFS, to get the cost structure into a place where our customers can afford more of the capability. So, from an industry perspective, we are only doing this, because we see a benefit to the program and ultimately an economic benefit to those who are participants in the program. And it's a win-win, because the government, our customers, get an economic benefit from these investments as well, and have worked very closely with us in both structuring the investment strategies and programs, and on ensuring that there is a good return mechanism. So we see them as very positive mechanisms, very supportive of the program objectives. And I think it has been a really good reflection on the partnership approach that we have together across the companies on F-35, that we're able to make something innovative like this work so well. So, I'm very proud of these blueprint initiatives. I think they're a very good thing.
Wesley G. Bush: So, what's neat about the blueprint process, and you're right. Of course, we're always working together to figure out ways of taking the cost down. It really does create a really good team environment with the customer, because in some of these areas, they have to make decisions to do things a little bit differently.
Wesley G. Bush: So, it's a very good way of crystallizing a very effective joint process with not only the partners, but the customer to benefit the program. So, I think it's a good idea, and I'm glad to see us moving forward with these.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. There is probably enough variability across sustainment programs as there is the number of sustainment programs. There is a lot of different models that are utilized by different customers, depending on how much work the government itself wants to do, how much they want to contract out, the nature of the economic relationships they want to create. So, it's a marketplace with a lot of different business models. And I think that's appropriate, because we have many different types of systems at different stages of their lifecycle with different levels of technology, different desires for modernization. So, it's a very interesting and dynamic marketplace.
Wesley G. Bush: All right, well, thanks, Steve. Let me just wrap up by thanking our team again for developing an approach over these last number of years that has allowed us to consistently deliver solid results. I think this quarter was another good demonstration of the team's focus and commitment on performance. But also the team is doing such a great job in positioning us so well for the, not only the remainder of this year, but for the longer-term and for working closely with our customers to satisfy their needs as we go forward. So, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today, and also thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
