Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure Carter. I’ll just comment, I guess that, in terms of the magnitude of revenue growth in the fourth quarter at AS restricted was clearly the largest driver of the growth and with the E2 and F-35 following at from a military aircraft perspective and certainly nice contribution from autonomous systems with Triton and Global Hawk as well. Specifically, on F-35, I would say that, I’ll just remind you that our accounting model is different from Lockheed. So I would not necessarily look at their change and project it to what you see for us. We are looking at from an AS perspective as well as MS remaining on a unit-of-delivery basis for one more year.  We are working our way through for the most part production on lots that were relatively consistent in terms of number of units and the units-of-delivery increase as we see increases in the quantities for 9 and 10 and going forward will, would on a units-of-delivery basis flow through in 2018 although by that point will be on to the new rev rec standard, we'll be on to cost-to-cost of Lockheed and I think that’s when you’ll really see us start to ramp from an F-35 perspective.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, just keep in mind; our units are when we deliver it to them versus their units when they deliver it to the air force. So we are well ahead of them in terms of the units-of-delivery. I don’t have the exact numbers in front of me in terms of what units were delivered this year versus last year.  There was a slight uptick, but I’ll remind you that we’ve been driving the price down as well as we’ve been moving through lot-by-lot negotiations. Certainly happy to have you follow up with Steve on any more details. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. Maybe I'll take your question, Seth, sector-by-sector and I'll just start at AS. And from a margin perspective, I really think that as we look at AS, the item that's impacting our margin guidance for 2017 really is about the additional development work that we are taking on. It's really about the changing mix that we are seeing. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect that that will have an impact on AS until some of the more mature production programs start to ramp and we expect that – we expect to see that in 2018 and beyond.  If you want to think of F-35 and then including international F-35 opportunity and other international opportunities including Global Hawk and other autonomous systems. So AS, I would really characterize as being, again, driven by the mix change with the additional development content.  From an MS perspective, I think we've seen strong performance out of that team. I think we're guiding a strong margin rate for MS for 2017. They've also got some mix changes. We've been seeing an additional volume out of their restricted space business in particular. So that will have some impact on MS. But we have seen strong performance out of that sector in 2016.  And then from a TS perspective, we do see that TS will have some lower volume out of the KC10 program, which was not a great margin contributor for us. But we are working with TS in terms of reshaping that portfolio a bit and getting it where we want it to be from a 2017 and beyond perspective.  We see that having a little bit of impact on margins in 2017, but we look to work with that sector for continued strong performance and I'll say industry-leading performance from that business against its peers. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Wes, I’ll just add that, if you look quarter-over-quarter, Q4 of 2016-to-Q4 of 2015, you will see a 12% increase, but I would just caution you and remind you that fourth quarter of 2015 was our low point in terms of quarterly sales last year and given that we are a long cycle business, I would just think about it with a little more of a longer-term view in terms of where we've been and where we are going and certainly reflecting Wes' comments as we look forward. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, I think the rough order of magnitude we see that as being about a $250 million revenue headwind for 2017. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure, sure. Appreciate the question and let me just maybe clarify. I hate to think of what we are working on from a portfolio perspective at TS with the word restructuring. So, I would say more so about aligning the portfolio with where we see our capabilities and the customer needs. As I think about TS, the revenue has been declining. Yes, I would agree with that. But it's been in a declining budgetary environment.  We see it continue to decline in 2017 as contemplated in our guidance. But largely driven by again the activities realigning the portfolio, as well as the impact of the KC10 revenues coming out. But also the impact of some decisions that we have made about not pursuing some business that's lower margin and not differentiated. And I think you are seeing that through the higher margin rate that that business delivers as compared to its peers.  My thought on the portfolio realignment is we get that through the system largely in 2017 and my expectation is that 2017 – and I am not going to provide sales guidance beyond then, but 2017 would likely be where we'd see the impact of restructuring and we ought to see a different trajectory as we move forward from there. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sam, I wouldn't want to provide any guidance beyond 2017. What I would probably reference you to is, if you think about the comments we made in our prepared remarks, again, we see that our 2017 margin rate is largely impacted by the mix with that mix being more heavily weighted to development.  And I think to Wes' point, we look forward to some of that development work transitioning into production and starting to generate the additional margins and additional operating income out of those. But I couldn't comment for you on any specifics on numbers beyond 2017. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: No, I think that was great, Wes. Let me add to it. George, you commented on a couple things, one of which is tax and I agree that tax was a significant contributor to the increased EPS in 2016 versus our initial guide. You referenced shares as well. Actually, think from a share count perspective, we came awfully darn close to what our guide was. So I don't see shares as being – share count as being a significant contributor.  But I will remind you as well that corporate unallocated is an area where we had some success in 2016 in reducing our corporate unallocated expenses that included some one-off type items including settlements including some state tax refunds that the benefit of those we saw in 2016 and not clear that they would recur as we look at 2017 and forward. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, that's great. Thanks, Wes. And Jason, I would just say that, as we look at our recompete exposure for 2017, we don't see it as material to our results one way or the other successful or unsuccessful on those recompetes and actually the largest recompete opportunity that we see is at Mission Systems and that would be what you might be familiar with as the JRDC program and we've been the prime on that for a number of years.  There are some other recompetes at MS and a few at TS. But I would tell you that again, we don't see it as being significant in terms of our financial results for 2017. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: So let me - I'll start, Cai. First of all, thanks for your comment and question. From a cash flow perspective, as we look at 2017, we do see it as being a strong year of cash generation. We are going to generate significant cash from operations. We are going to spend about $900 million on capital expenditures as we look to continue to invest in the business, investing in profitable growth, investing in affordability and competitiveness, all of which Wes mentioned.  I'll maybe mention that from a cash perspective, we have built a little bit of working capital over the last few years. I think as an industry, you've seen that as a theme or a trend. We look at as we are growing the business, actually the ability to manage working capital to a relatively flat outcome for 2017. Again, while we are growing the top-line, so we see some ability to manage that perspective, the working capital. We'll also just mention that we do have the CAS recoveries that we are seeing that are generally equal to or just a little bit greater than the CapEx. We are expending in the year, so this is kind of a nice mix there of the recoveries on the pension and investing in the business for future growth. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: David, I'm not sure that I would be able to necessarily provide guidance on what growth or what percentage it makes up specifically for 2017 but I will say that as we look at the 2016 restricted activities as a percentage of total sales, it's in the low 20% range of sales. I will tell you that it is a nicely growing part of our business, very important to us as a company and what we do and what we deliver. But that's probably the extent to which I could get into it for you. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Rob, thanks for the question. Not sure that I have that exact number in front of me. But I will tell you that we are seeing a marked increase in terms of our cost plus, think of that as largely being a development type work versus our fixed price or production type work and I am thinking that's probably in the range of a 3% shift from the 2016 actuals to 2017 and you can pick up that 2016 number in our 10-K when we file it. We expect to do that early next week. So, probably the best information I can give you at this point. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: And let me just remind you, Noah, that as we think about capital deployment, we are very focused on the strategy and creating value out of the capital deployment that we do and I'll just remind you that we very clearly recognize that we are investing in the business which is our first priority.  It has to be where that is driving more value than another investment that we could make. So, I'd just remind you that we try to be very disciplined in terms of our investments and in terms of how we deploy the precious capital of the company. 
Wesley Bush: So, just in terms of the broader budget view, clearly readiness is a heck of a problem right now. The silliness of the sequester, the Budget Control Act, however you want to reference it has gone on way too long and with this, it clearly needs to get fixed. It’s impacting both readiness and the ability of the nation to recapitalize our military force structure. And to answer your question correctly, we do benefit from the budgets on readiness while that may not be the way lot of folks think about us.  We do a lot of that type of work across the company and so, we are supporting our customers in a very broad way on the readiness side. But I think it’s important to continue to emphasize the need to deal both with the readiness side and with the recapitalization side. We have such an aging infrastructure from a national security perspective that we have to get on with it.  And I am just delighted to see with the new administration and in particular General Mattis, and others who are taking a strong lead and communicating the imperatives from a national security perspective are strong support for getting this done as well as the support that we are seeing forward on the hill. 
Wesley Bush: And Seth, it's Wes. I would just add, Ken did a great job of walking you through kind of the puts and takes in the individual sectors. Just from a broad view, just as we do each year at the beginning of the year, we think hard about the balance of risk and opportunities and the challenge to our team is to manage those risks down and to realize the opportunities.  We'll see how we do as we get into this year. I've been pleased with the approach that our team has used over the last number of years to effectively drive on that balance of risk and opportunities. So it's kind of where we are again this year. 
Wesley Bush: Noah, I think as you know it all comes down to programattics and our business in a very real sense is, when we're talking about top line, I think is pest viewed through that lens. It's programattics and its portfolio. And if you look at the combination of AS and MS, together those two sectors are enjoying nice growth and I think we'll continue to he see that as we get into the course of this year.  As we talked about last year on a couple of our calls, we are going through a rebalancing of the portfolio in Technology Services. And that rebalancing put some downward pressure on their growth for this year and you have to put that in the overall math of the whole company. So that's really the flavor I would give in that – from the perspective of the top-line is that it's the way the parts come together against the programattics and the portfolio work that we're doing.  And again, all of that is aligned around the idea of ensuring that we've got the right portfolio for the longer term that we are going to be best matched into the needs of our customers. So we think we've got that calibrated about right, about where we want it to be. 
Wesley Bush: So Myles, let me be clear. We have not reached a conclusion on that. My statements were more a reflection of the discipline that we have in our company of really looking at each of these opportunities through the cold, hard lens of what's the RFP really tell you and what will the business case looks like.  While it's interesting that we have made some investments along the lines of supporting this program. Investments which by the way tend to have broader applicability. We need to be thoughtful as we are on every single one of these RFP activities. We need to be very thoughtful about, okay, what's it mean going forward. And that's really the business case we look at. And you've seen us make a variety of decisions over the years.  Once we see the actual terms and it’s that discipline that I think keeps us in the right place. So that we don't walk ourselves into a decision to do something just because we've being doing it. They all have to be good business opportunities for us. So my remarks were intended to simply reflect that that's where we are in that process having just recently we gotten the final terms of the RFP. 
Wesley Bush: And Sam, let me just add, it's Wes, let me just add. One of the things that I wanted to be clear about in my introductory remarks is, we see quite a nice array of new opportunities in front us and we are pursuing quite a few of those. We are making a lot of decisions in the company around how we pursue those and which ones we are pursuing. Nevertheless, our hope is that we are going to be successful on a number of them.  And in doing so, we'd be bringing some more development content in. So, this question of mix over time is one that is somewhat dependent on our success and what we capture and when we capture it. And as I've said a number of times, I'll be delighted to be successful with good business cases, capturing a little bit more development mix in this period of time when our nation is working to get the recapitalization initiatives under way.  And if that means I've got a little bit more pressure on margin rate for some period of time, I think that's the right thing to do for the long-term of the enterprise. And that's how we are thinking about this decision space in front of us.  So, as Ken said, we aren't providing some guidance out into 2018 in part because, we'll have to see where we are successful on some of these new development initiatives and also the rate at which our customers are able to support financially the ramp-ups on production. So those are sort of the variables that are out there that I think go to the question that you're asking. 
Wesley Bush: Well, George, I would say, we were really pleased with the captures in Aerospace last year. It demonstrated what we've been working to do to really position ourselves from both an innovation and good ideas perspective with our customers as well as from an affordability perspective.  And I would say our success in capture last year had as much or more to do with affordability as it did with the inherent technology and capabilities of our offerings. So I was just really pleased to see those outcomes.  With respect to this translation of backlog into annual sales, again, there is this wide variability across the programs. We are seeing in Aerospace and actually it's rippling into some other areas a little bit more of a longer cycle view on some of these awards. So I can't give you the exact translation factor.  But, I would just say we are going to have to be thoughtful and mindful of how to think about awards translation into annual sales and that's gone into the way that we are thinking about our guidance. 
Wesley Bush: Well, thanks for the question and let me kind of give a flavor of it and Ken can perhaps give a little more color or details to it. But your question actually - particularly because you directed it towards Technology Services, goes to a lot of what we are thinking our way through on this portfolio reshaping. In the areas where we see a good, sustainable differentiated business for the long-term, we are happy to engage in the recompetes if they are well funded, if we see that the customer commitment to them to be something that merits, the natural investment you put into a recompete.  There have been a few over the last couple years and there is likely to be some on a go-forward basis where we see a recompete really as a transition opportunity for us to help the customer transition to another party. I've said this before and we're serious about it. We will never leave a customer in the lurch.  If they have invested in us a responsibility to get something done, we are going to get it done and if it means doing it for a bit longer than we might have otherwise liked, we'll keep doing it until they are ready to make a transition.  But the recompetes tend to offer those opportunities for those transitions and we look very carefully at each one of them, both in terms of as you mentioned the funding and the funding stability that goes into it, as wells as what we read to be the customers’ view of its need for a differentiated capability. So that's kind of the flavor of how we think about it.  Ken, would you want to offer some more color on that. 
Wesley Bush: And Cai, to your question about sort of the outlook on, so I mentioned in my remarks that we see these elevated levels for another couple years. I’ll also go back to what I said in response to an earlier question, if it turns out that we are successful on a number of other new programs, depending on the magnitude of those programs and the related investments. We would enjoy that success and it could have some implications on CapEx even beyond the couple years. But we are just going to have to wait and see how all that works out. 
Wesley Bush: Yes, Rob, it's a really good question and I think an important one in the environment that we are in and so let me give a framework that I see right now. And I think our customers actually being thoughtful in how they are approaching this.  There are some things that our customers’ going to want to buy where there isn't that much differentiation in the type of outcome of the product. And in those cases, it appears they are making what seems like a reasonably good decision to really focus on the cost and to drive for the lowest cost answer they can get.  And in some instances that might be interesting to us, if we think we've got a particular architectural approach or engineering approach that positions an end-product in a very low cost part of the coordinate system, then we might look at that and see what the returns look like. If it's a situation where it's just low cost because that's what the customer really cares about and we don't see a whole lot of differentiation across the spectrum, those are probably less interesting opportunities for us.  So if you look at the – I won't go contract-by-contract in terms of the opportunities that are out there, because we are in a competitive state right now and would not want to say too much about each and every one of them. But there are others where our customer is transmitting the message in their RFP and in other ways that while cost is always critically important, they see a little bit of a trade space between cost and performance and value. And those tend to be a little bit more interesting.  So, we look at each and every one of these and do a very detailed diagnostic and we look at it in the – through the lens, through what I would call a non-advocate lens within our company to ensure that we are not kidding ourselves about what the real investment and cost would look like and then we call it.  And sometimes it takes a little longer to call it based on the information that we need to get to a high quality decision. But we are looking at the way the customer is communicating around its view of the business deal and what's important to them to make sure that our offerings really line up the right way in a very competitive environment. 
Wesley Bush: And David, I would just add, as our customers look at the environment that we're all operating in today and the need for security, there is a lot of focus on b the restricted side. And I think there is going to continue to be a growing focus on the restricted side and I think it makes sense from a national security perspective. 
Wesley Bush: Noah, I am not sure I want to actually put that out there. A lot of the way we look at our competitive profile is sort of embedded in the way I would think about answering that question. But let me say one thing and I've said this before. We are not about growing revenue. That's not the thing that motivates our company.  We are about growing value. And I think a lot of folks can make bad decisions in the defense industry in particular if they are just looking at things through the optic of the top-line. It's really the ability to capture business that translates into bottom-line growth and most importantly translates into cash generation. So that, you can make good decisions on how you use that cash.  And it's - I think an important parameter to keep in front of all of us as we look at the opportunity space that's in front of us. So we are not driving our investment strategy based on revenue growth. 
Wesley Bush: Okay, thanks, Steve. I'll just wrap up by repeating what I said a bit earlier. The strong year that we had in 2016 really has laid a great foundation for us as we move into the New Year in 2017. And I am just delighted to see the strong focus on performance across our company and it really is that performance that is enabling us to invest in our future and to return cash to our shareholders. So I sincerely appreciate all that our team is doing to enable those outcomes.  So with that, thanks everyone for joining us today and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
