Kathy Warden: Thanks, Rob. Every new administration has conducted an analysis of the triad and we expect that to happen again if after the election or working with the new administration. But I’ll also note that each have reaffirmed. It has a critical role to play in our national security. Since 1994, the DoD has had a formal Nuclear Posture Review process. And in that they evaluate the nation’s strategic deterrent posture and have validated all three legs of the triad as being critically important. And I’ll note that the two most recent Nuclear Posture Reviews, one which was in 2010, was conducted by the Obama-Biden administration. And of course the one in 2018 was conducted by the Trump-Pence administration. But again, both confirmed the need for the triad to include GBSD and the B-21. And historically, if we look back, when defense spending declined and conventional military forces come under budget pressure, the U.S. and the allies have relied even more heavily upon nuclear deterrence to ensure global stability. So we think that this triad is going to be viewed as even more important from a budgetary priority perspective if those conditions exist. So we’re confident that a new administration would recognize that value and continue to support the modernization efforts that are well underway for both GBSD and B-21.
Kathy Warden: Natalia, just before we move on, you had a second part to the question, Rob. So let me address that quickly. You asked about space margins and weather 2021 would be the trough given the mixed pressure that we will have from the GBSD program. I’ll remind you that we’re expecting nearly $1 billion of incremental growth from GBSD next year, but we also expect significant growth going from 2021 into 2022, so that mixed pressure will persist. But as Dave noted in his commentary, we are working to offset that pressure at the company level with strong costs reduction and program performance. And Natalia, now we’re ready for the next question. Thank you.
Kathy Warden: We certainly see the opportunity to continue to grow backlogs next year. We have a number of opportunities that we’re pursuing across all sectors. I’ll point to a few next in jammer and Mission Systems, as well as the 3DELRR replacement called SpeedDealer. Also in Mission Systems, we have NGI, the Next Generation Interceptor, which would be in Space. So these are just a few examples of large potential awards, new starts that we could look to, to bolster our book-to-bill next year. But certainly we expect that book-to-bill won’t be as robust as this year, just given the singular effect of the GBSD award and the strong backlog that we have across our sectors. And just to provide a little bit of color on that, we don’t tend to look at awards and book-to-bill on a quarterly basis, we look at on a longer term and we are well above a year of sales in backlog in Space, aerospace – Aeronautics and Mission Systems. Defense Systems tends to run as the short cycle business more with a backlog about equal to sales, but that’s typical. So we see strong backlog in all of our sectors and the opportunity to continue to build backlog at the company level.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Doug. So let me start with the last part of the question first, and then I’ll talk more generally about services. We do the F-35 sustainment growth as a contributor to our overall services business, but I’ll also note that some of that F-35 sustainment growth runs through our Aeronautics business and our Mission Systems business. When we’re talking about spares and repairs, those gets done by the businesses that produce the products themselves, not necessarily through our Defense Systems business, where our aircraft modernizations, that team is involved in the sustainment of program for the F-35. So we see sustainment spread across the company and we see that growth contribute to all three of the sectors that I noted. In terms of services growth within Defense Systems, we have seen that business be relatively flat. And we’ve talked about some of the headwinds there that have been running off over the last couple of years based on strategic decisions we’ve made about business to not pursue and that certainly slowed even into our 2021 results. But we’ve also seen some nice new program wins in that business, we talked about our large restricted program earlier in the year. We had a significant award in our services – IT services business in the third quarter. So we are seeing growth, it’s just offset by those headwinds that we’ve been talking about. And as you know, we’ve been executing on that strategic repositioning for our services business in TS and now CS for several years.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Well, as you note, our outlook for 2021 represents another solid year of growth. Growth beyond 2021 will be somewhat dependent on the top line defense budget outlook, but also on our portfolio’s ability to offer the solutions for U.S. governments and our allies field are necessary for their most pressing threats. And our recent success in capturing new work indicates that we do have a strong alignment to those high priority items, but the combination of the budget and portfolio are certainly what will drive our outlook for 2022 and beyond. We’ve seen strong bipartisan support for our key, like B-21, GBSD, F-35 and these two will be the key to continuing to see growth beyond 2021. But given the threat environment, we expect that support to continue for those large programs. And we have a really nice visibility as a result of being on the early end of programs like B-21 and GBSD, which go for many years as you know and have a growth profile in that period. I will acknowledge that flattening budget could lead to fewer new starts, but we feel well positioned and that our backlog has been building over the last couple of years very nicely. And as I noted earlier, in response to your question, we see the potential to continue building that backlog at least into next year.
Kathy Warden: Thanks, Seth, I’d be happy to. So let me start by talking about our current autonomous portfolio and looking at tail in particular, so the combination of our Global Hawk and Triton program. We have talked about some budget pressures there. You may be familiar that for Triton the Navy has discussed the production pause for the next two years. And that is what is currently programmed into the Navy’s 2021 budget request. We are working with the Navy and Congress to see what that production pause actually entails in terms of aircraft for next year. But with Australia, we also see some offsets to that production gap that we would experience otherwise with the Navy pause. We do believe the Navy is committed to the program in the long-term based on all of the statements that they’ve made and so this really is a opportunity for the air vehicle to pause and wait for some government provided sensors that would get integrated into the production vehicles going forward. With regard to Global Hawk, the Air Force is contemplating a reduction in their fleet from largely Block 20s and Block 30s and while they’ve signaled that, that is not formal direction at this point. So we really don’t have more color to add on what those pressures might look like for Global Hawk. But we do anticipate that over the next several years that will become more clear and we will have a stronger projection, and that leads to the question that you asked about Skyborg and other analysis of alternatives that are being considered in this case particularly by the air force. But I would note that all of the services, strategic plans, call for a significant contribution by unmanned systems in particular, aerial unmanned systems including not only the air force, but the navy and the Marine Corps. So Skyborg in particular, we look at as an opportunity because of its architectural components more so than just the air vehicle alone. The Skyborg vision is that systems will be operating together instead of on a single platform having the capability to really operate unaided, which is how our HALE platform developed today. That broader range of requirements as you point will be in a lower price point, but have some very sophisticated requirements that need to be addressed in areas like connectivity, vehicle management, all things that across the Northrop Grumman portfolio, we have strong capabilities to contribute. So we’re actually quite excited about opportunities that look beyond the platform itself to the connectivity of other sensors and aircraft, because it starts to engage some of the integration that we can do with our Mission Systems platform – programs and products as well. So really, as we look forward, this is an evolution of unmanned and one that we think is very consistent with what the services have been discussing in systems and systems operating together and the work that we’ve been doing to lead the way in that all-domain command and control of systems unmanned and manned.
Kathy Warden: So Cai I noted a few programs, but as you I’m sure appreciate across our programs sets, the timing of awards of some large like F-35 we expect to have another production, a lot of awards next year, but there are many smaller efforts as well that will just have their natural annual increment particularly production program that will flow in next year that create a significant base and foundation of award. And I just referred to a few of the new awards, the new business that we would see contributing to an ability to get to a one or greater book-to-bill next year. But certainly there are lots of awards that are anticipated in just normal course of business across all four of our sectors.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Sheila and thank you for recognizing that. Certainly Tom Jones at his leadership at Airborne Sensors & Networks inside Mission Systems has contributed to very strong growth for Mission Systems, it has been of the four businesses inside of Mission Systems, the most significant contributor to growth for a couple of years. But I would also note that all of the businesses in Mission Systems contributed to its growth this year. So we have them pleased to see that it isn’t just one of the divisions driving that growth. Speaking to Tom Jones in particular, I have one of the reasons that I’m very pleased to have him stepping into the role at Aeronautics sector is that, in addition to leading our Airborne Sensors & Networks, he was leading our cross-company campaign for Next Generation Air Dominance, which looks at all next generation aircraft and mission systems that would meet the requirements of the government for their sixth-generation fleet. And so in that role, he was already working very closely between our Aeronautics and our Mission Systems sector on how we bring these capabilities together to accomplish the mission that our customers have laid out, both the air force and the navy for their next generation of aircraft and mission program. So that synergy between those two businesses will only get stronger as we have Tom transition into Aeronautics. I’d also note that the team under Tom in Airborne Sensors & Networks is a very strong team. So I fully expect that the growth that we’ve seen there will continue under their leadership.
Kathy Warden: Thanks Ron. So one of the most important things for our performance as the company is the program performance and so what I want our investors to know first and foremost about our classified and restricted work, is that we have the same level of governance over those programs that we do any other program, the appropriate people are cleared into the details of those programs, reviewing them regularly, understanding what they need to perform and providing the resources to them to execute successfully. And so that goes to our ability to continue to have a track record of disciplined and focused performance in our restricted portfolio. Even though, we can’t share as much of that detail with our investor community as we could on our unclassified portfolio. In the second part of your question around digital engineering and the important role that our digital enterprise transformation is going to have on all of our programs going forward, I’d actually start by pointing to GBSD where we are using the digital enterprise as the base for executing that program. The work that we have done with the customer already, even under the tech maturation and risk reduction phase of the program was done in a digital environment. We delivered artifacts for review in a fully-digital environment where they were actually looking at things in a model, not documents produced. This is the first time on a program of this size, where that’s been the case. And we’re very pleased to be pioneering the way in partnership with the air force to make that a reality on the GBSD program. But those investments that we’re making for GBSD are being utilized across our entire portfolio. So as we think about Next Generation Air Dominance and the programs that are part of that overall campaign as I’ll call it, they too will benefit from a full digital engineering thread as being required by our customers. And even in areas like space and mission systems, in addition to aeronautics, each new start is looking at implementing not only the design in a digital way, but a full thread that looks at the producibility and the maintainability through the use of models in the digital environment.
Kathy Warden: No, I think there were changes to the MTCR and they are very encouraging changes, they will open up more international customers to have potential access. Of course, they still go through the same approval process, but now it looks more favorable upon export of this technology, because it isn’t caught up in the missile technology regime as tightly. And so when we look at this process, we are really pleased that Department of State and the Department of Defense in the U.S. has worked together to make this possible. It will take us some time to work with nations that are now eligible for this technology and get through processes of them requesting it and engaging with them, but it is opening the door that had not been opened before. So over a multiyear period, we do expect us to open up more international sales not just for HALE platform which is what we produce today, but for unmanned systems overall, including ones we might develop in the future
Kathy Warden: And I’ll say just very quickly, with strategic space we’ve seen a tremendous amount of growth this year as you pointed to, many of those programs ramped throughout this year and achieved more of a steady state growth into next year. And strategic missiles, as it’s transitioning from GMD to NGI, we’ll see a little bit of flatness until we get through the other side, but all of that is being more than offset by GBSD and some additional growth in strategic space, just not quite as much there in 2021 on a year-over-year compare as we saw in 2020.
Kathy Warden: So why don’t I go ahead and close today’s call by reiterating our thanks to the Northrop Grumman team for another outstanding quarter of performance. It’s especially impressive in light of the challenging conditions that we’ve all faced this year. We are successfully executing on our strategy with solid results through the first three quarters and we’re well-positioned to have a strong finish to this year and continue that momentum into 2021. So thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again in late January when we’ll report our full year results and provide 2021 guidance. That concludes our call.
