Kathy Warden: Sure, Doug, and you did a nice job of outlining the key moving parts in the aero portfolio. Let me start with the mature programs. These are the ones we’ve been talking about for several years, Global Hawk, Joint Stars that are in the air force plan for retirement, and that is happening in the near term. Then we have things like what you noted with E-2D, it will reach its program of record quantities over the next several years. We don’t see this as an issue in 2023 and 2024, but as we look to 2025 and beyond that program will be reliant on international sales. And I will say that we are building a quite a bit of international interest for E-2D and prosecuting on a pipeline there. But the Navy program of record will reach its full quantity. And then F-35, we look at that it fairly stable over the next couple of years is what we’ve been saying. And I know there’s question about the quantity and the budget request and how that impacts the Northrop Grumman quantities. It really doesn’t have a material impact because we already we’re planning to build toward our capacity and working with Lockheed Martin, it appears that that plan is still intact. And then as you know, there are some opportunities that layer additional sales into the plan over the next several years. B-21 being the most notable for the first time, the President’s budget shows the production lay in starting in 2023. And you can see that that grows significantly in that same timeframe. So lots of put and takes, but as we look forward to 2023, we see those netting out to about flat with where we expect to finish 2022, and then largely based on B-21 growth and not having any major headwinds in 2024 from the other programs I just outlined we see growth in 2024.
Kathy Warden: We still see both the Air Force and the Navy looking at unmanned systems as a key part of their architecture. But these won’t be either the highest quantity or the highest price assets in their fleet. So when you think about the overall materiality of unmanned systems in an aeronautics portfolio, whether it be ours or others, it’s not going to be one of the bigger drivers for growth over the next decade. But it’ll be important and the capabilities that we have, and that we have refined through our work on our hail platforms, as well as some smaller platforms, I think is highly relevant to our positioning for this market in the future.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thanks for the question, because this is an important thing for us to touch on it. Why we provided a bit more clarity on what production looks like on the B-21 program as we are approaching that phase. We did it’s a – that quantity. That quantity is not something I can share, but it’s a small portion of the overall program of record as part of the initial bid. And that is what constitutes LRIP. And that was bid is fixed price. And as we put that bid together, of course, we at the time laid in some expectations around growth inflation to adjust to this time period. And we will continue to look out whether those assumptions still hold. I’ll remind you we’re not really going to be into the production phase for a couple of years in any significant way. And so we still have a good bit of time and we expect inflation is going to modulate, and we’re not seen based on the assumptions we’ve made today, a material impact to the program. And part of why Dave shared how we think about the accounting on the program is so that we are already looking at those LRIP blocks [ph] since we are obligated under our initial proposal for those quantities, and still expect to be able to produce those within the government target price, which is published and is updated and adjusted for inflation on a regular basis. The last time the air force did that was in 2019, a little over 600 million APAC [ph]. And we continue to look at our own bids and makes sure that we see a path to executing those quantities profitably. And we reiterated that again today.
Kathy Warden: So mix is becoming less of a factor for us in the next few years. We had talked about our mix being roughly 50% cost type and 50% fixed plus price that’s exactly where we are as we sit here in the first quarter, and we don’t see that varying too much over the next couple of years, maybe a percentage point higher on cost plus or two, as we look at the next couple of years. When we see that inflection point to more fixed price is as both B-21 and GBSD start to move into their production phases. And so you can think of that notionally around the 2025, 2026 timeframe, the middle part of the decade. And even then we don’t see a very large swing in our mix because we still have development work that will be bidding and continuing to execute in the pipeline. So mix is less of a factor as we look forward at the company level. Now, I will note that when you get into the segment level, for instance, in space, those drivers are more pronounced. And so we do see a bit more of a mixed shift there. And you asked about how we think of that in terms of profitability. So mix no longer being a big driver when we think about profitability and cost efficiency and performance being the two big drivers that we are focused on. So I talked about that in our strategy in terms of cost efficiencies, we’ve put in place a dedicated team at the company level, and we’re working all elements of cost to ensure that we’re operating as sufficiently as possible.
Kathy Warden: Sure. Ron, well, we’ve definitely seen interests pick up across Europe and we’ve been engaging with customers there to understand their needs and timelines. Of course, we haven’t seen a dramatic shift in immediate spending plans, part of what I know each of the countries is thinking their way through is what the need is and then what their requests will be and what their reliant on U.S. product will be. So we expect that to be more of a 2023, 2024 timeframe to get clarity and start to see real award opportunities. In the meantime, we are providing a good deal of support to Ukraine, just in the sense of our assets being used either by the U.S. or our NATO partners to provide surveillance intelligence and monitoring of the situation and as well, providing some additional capabilities into Poland.
Kathy Warden: Well, even though the nuclear posture review hasn’t been fully released, there has been executive summary provided and the President has supported all three legs of the triad in the nuclear posture review. As I was spending time on the hill just this week, I still see very strong bipartisan and support for all three legs of the triad. And to your point, I think that support has even grown in the last two months as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and a recognition of the importance of the triad to contain that conflict. So we see that continuing to be a tailwind to the modernization programs that are underway.
Kathy Warden: Yes, David, as I mentioned in my remarks, we do expect our revenue growth to accelerate into 2023. Right now we see that in line with 2023 consensus. It’s really early even in this year, but we expect 2022 to be in low-single growth outlined in our guide and with the growth rate accelerating in the second half. So we do expect that momentum that we see in the second half of this year to carry into 2023. And of course, the 2023 President’s budget is a good indication that demand for our products is holding up extremely well. The one thing I would note is we’re really mindful of the supply site challenges that continue. Certainly, we saw those most notably at the beginning of this year and they have in our case really moderated as we looked at March and April performance, but we’re keeping up close eye on everything from the tight labor market to inflation and COVID-related headwinds that could slowdown our growth rate even though we have strong budget support for our programs. So and sum all that up by saying there’s reason for optimism and we have optimism, but it’s cautious optimism. And it’s a bit early in the year for me to try to put a number on our 2023 growth rate given all of those puts and takes, but we’ll certainly keep you updated on each quarterly call on our outlook for next year.
Kathy Warden: Well, the government is looking at layering production on top of EMV. And so what you can see in the fight is pretty stark jump in 2023 is production gets layered in, but of course, keep in mind all of those dollars won’t be spent in calendar year 2023. And then there’s not as pronounced to step up after that. But production funding still remains healthy as EMV starts to come down. And that’s the profile we would typically see on a program like this, but it does project robust funding for B-21 through the decade. And we – that is what we are anticipating as well.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So I should have been more clear extra pointing that out. We do expect more costless work in space over the next couple of years, as GBSD continues to grow. We’re also executing on next generation interceptor, which is a big growth driver and then some assorted classified efforts that are in the development phase in continuing to scale as well. In terms of other businesses that are moving in the opposite direction, so stronger margin rates, aeronautics is one that we see having stronger margin rates. You’ll – you already see that in our guide for this year being higher than last. And we anticipate that we’ll continue to see strong and healthy margin rates there. Defense and mission systems already perform at very strong margin rates. So we expect that to continue, but the real offset that we see is space and aero. And I will also say that in space, we’ve seen the bulk of that pressure already because keep in mind while GBSD will continue to grow in the EMV phase, not to the extent that we’ve seen it went from a couple hundred million a year to over $2 billion. And so over this time period, and the majority of that will already have happened through the 2022 period.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So there’s a lot to unpack there. Let me start with commentary around rocket motor providers. We are performing well across the Board for our primes, and we do not believe that any comments that were made relate to Northrop Grumman performance. We continue to offer our capability to any who would like to have our rocket motors, and we’re going to continue to do that. And we’re investing in that business to make sure that we are a good and stable performer and provider. In terms of our exposure to Ukraine and Russian rocket motors, we do have some exposure on our CRS contract. So this is where your Antares launch vehicle, we procure rocket motors from Russia, and of course from Ukraine. We have what we need for the next two launches. And so there isn’t the immediate disruption and we have a plan in place that we could use other sources if needed beyond those two launches. But of course, it’s our preference to keep the relationships intact between Russia and the U.S. around the space station. And that’s what these rocket motors are used for to take cargo to the international space station. But we are working closely with NASA to make sure we’re following the U.S. government lead in that case.
Kathy Warden: Well, it’s an excellent strategic question, Kristine, and one that we spend a good time deal of time thinking about. And I will say our first priority is investing in the business and you have seen us invested in elevated level both CapEx as well as there are R&D is the percentage of sales over the last several years, and we are not backing away from that core part of our strategy. I noted when I laid out our strategic plan, that technology leadership and innovation is core to how we have attained the position that we’re in and in my view will be the most important factor to retaining that position of strength. And so we will continue to invest in our business, but with that said, strong cash flows. And as you noted as strong outlook for growth to fuel those cash flows gives a us a lot of optionality in our capital deployment strategy. We do believe that at some point M&A may come back on the table, but for the immediate term, as you said, large needle moving M&A is likely not to be strategy that we can execute. And so we are looking at returning capital to our shareholders at this important time through a competitive dividend and share buyback. We do tend to prefer share repurchase in this environment just to give us a little more flexibility as environmental factors change, but share repurchase, it’s still a core part of our strategy, but it’s by no means the only method that we believe we create value for shareholders, and we stay focused on investing in our company.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Cai, we do not expect book-to-bill to be over one this year. It is off to a stronger start than we expected. And so I will be clear. It is likely to be higher than we anticipated coming into the year, but still don’t see it crossing the 1.0 threshold and space is a key driver as you noted of that strength, but we see broad strength in booking this year beyond what we had expected, some nice competitive wins in our Defense Systems business and our aero business also having strong awards, particularly as we look to book lot 15 aggregate demand on F-35 this year. What we look at, and I’ve mentioned this on prior calls is a multi-year book-to-bill. And so having a portfolio where we’ve brought in some very sizeable long-term awards like B-21 and GBSD, we have a backward looking book-to-bill over 1.2 aggregate for the last three years. And so we don’t expect to have that kind of performance in book-to-bill every year, but we still expect our four-year average once we take 22 into consideration to be well over 1.1. So sustaining the backlog growth that we need to fuel the business growth we anticipate.
Kathy Warden: I would just say that we see an environment, where we can keep that multi-year average well above one.
Kathy Warden: So Myles, I wouldn’t point to any one part of our business, where we are seeing dramatic impacts. Aero, where we have high volume line in F-35 we saw last year and we talked about that quite clearly. As we got into the first quarter of this year and the plan that we laid in place, we are meeting that plan on F-35, but there was impact. And we still are working to address that impact on the F-35. Other than that, there’s really no single program or area of the business that I point to just a little bit of sluggish attendance coming into this year, due to COVID cases, some light impact on electronic supply, both to Mission Systems and Defense Systems, but nothing material enough to really call out individually.
Kathy Warden: Well, I can’t really comment on B-21 mix of EMD and production rate. And so let me go straight to your broader strategic question, which is an important one on whether the government will likely shift away from fixed price development. I do believe that there will be a shift away. And I think we’ve already seen that to a large degree. And frankly, B-21, well, we were asked to bid fixed price LRIP. We did not have a fixed price development phase of that program. And there’s a very important distinction in my mind between production, even early stages of production at fixed price and the development phase being at fixed price. And of course, GBSD is a cost plus development program. So that’s why I suggest that we are already seeing a shift on major weapons systems developments to a costless development phase, which in my mind has always been the right approach for the government to contract for development. By definition, there is inherent technology development and risk associated with that phase. And you want to be able to apply resources to reduce that risk into production. And if the government doesn’t have that latitude, because they’re set at fixed price, then the contractor has to do that often out of their own profit, which is really tough decisions to make. And I think it impacts the ability then for the program to be successful over the full life cycle. And of course, the majority of the government’s costs are in the production and sustainment phases of the life cycle, not development. But I think the government recognizes this, and it’s why we’ve seen a shift away from fixed price development on these large weapons systems. Now, there still will be some fixed price development in the system, but I don’t see it being a material driver.
Kathy Warden: Well, George, as you know, we did look at the entirety of our portfolio and divested the IT services business that was in defense. And we were very intentional and thoughtful about that, but we looked at the rest of the portfolio and feel that it has nice energy with our business. And we do see opportunity to grow that business. Just a little bit of reset here that the business is experiencing. But the weapons portfolio continues to grow and we have nice synergy between the aircraft sustainment and modernization and our aeronautics business. And our IBCS portfolio sits in there, and we absolutely is that program now is maturing and we’ve won full rate production, sea growth there. So we’re happy with the portfolio, a little bit of transition to growth that we’re still working our way through here. But no, nothing else that I would look to the best in that portfolio right now.
Kathy Warden: And that’s probably a place to leave it. I think we are blessed to have a lot of A teams. So thanks everybody for calling in today and listening to our call. As always, we wish you well, and look forward to talking to you again in July. Take care.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Thanks for the question, Peter. No significant changes to our free cash outlook from when we described it in some detail a quarter ago. It’s not a three-year outlook that we intend to modify on a quarterly basis unless there are material changes. And so the same drivers exist today. We do see an opportunity over the next few years for us to continue investing appropriately in the business, but to have CapEx come down slightly, especially in 2024 in comparison to 2022 and 2023. So that’s one of the drivers of free cash flow acceleration. We also have the end of the payroll tax deferral issue that benefited us in 2020 and as an outflow in the next in the following two years. And so that will benefit 2023 and 2024. On the kind of working capital side, as we’ve noted 2019, 2020, we’re very strong years of working capital efficiency. At this point, we’d put our working capital metrics up against any in the industry. We very proud of the efficiency of our balance sheet and the next year that we see opportunities for continued enhancement there is largely 2024 due to the timing of some payment expectations in that year, incentive milestones and such. So again, no changes to the outlook there. Those are some of the key moving pieces, relatively stable on the working capital front in 2022 and 2023 before seeing those opportunities in 2024. And as we’ve noted we do see expansion in the core business, both at the top line and the bottom line supporting that outlook over the next few years as well.
Dave Keffer: Thanks for the clarification, Myles. That is independent of the Section 174 determination. So we intend to return at least 100% of free cash flow in either case, whether it is deferred or not.
Dave Keffer: That’s correct. So we have roughly $1 billion run rate on the dividend side, we’ve committed to $1.5 billion of share repurchase. And so you can take from that, there would be incremental potential if Section 174 were deferred.
Dave Keffer: Thanks for the question, George. No, is the short answer. The unbilled receivable growth is not directly related to F-35 or any one other program in the portfolio. Rather, I would point you to the common seasonality that we tend to see in the first quarter, given the timing of receipts in that case. And we’re broadly speaking about free cash flow, seasonality, the timing of payments as well. We tend to have an outflow in the first quarter of the year, and this year is almost exactly in line with the average of the last four or five years. So no significant single items there. On F-35, the P&L, sales and other lines were not affected by the timing of contract negotiations to your point nor would they be anticipated to be in a meaningful way through the end of this year.
Dave Keffer: I appreciate the question. Last year’s first quarter was actually the anomaly there, where we had a stronger free cash flow result and working capital change in the first quarter of the year than we had had in any of the prior five or six. And so this year is more in line with history. So it’s a very good point, last year was the unusual one.
Dave Keffer: Thanks for the questions. Certainly, those are topics and priorities that are front of mind for us these days. You heard both Kathy and I comment in the opening remarks about the criticality of execution and labor, our people, our resources, the hearts and minds of this company are at the center of our execution capability. To your point, we’ve demonstrated ourselves well over the last few years of execution efficiency of maintaining costs and schedule on many key programs. And we devote a lot of resources to that. I wouldn’t say that we’re at a point where we’re at capacity where we couldn’t take on additional work. We’re certainly devoting all potential resources to bringing additional capacity on board and have ramped significantly over the last few years, both in headcount and key supplier relationships. So that’s certainly a priority for us. Certainly, we’re spending a lot of time in that area today. But we’re eager to continue to meet the key demands of our customers and feel that we’re well aligned with those areas of demand in the budget outlook, as we’ve described on the call.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning. Dave, I wanted to ask unbilled receivables we’re up like $600 million in the quarter. Does that reflect the F-35 work that you’ve done, but you can’t show as revenues yet until the Lot 15 to 17 contract is signed? And if so then that $600 million first quarter revenues and will help sometime later in the year. So if you just comment on that.
George Shapiro: Because I noticed, I mean, the unbilled receivables were up like about double what they were in last year’s first quarter. That’s part of the reason for the question.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just one for you, Kathy, I mean, defense looks like it’s going to be the weaker business going forward. It’s one of your smaller businesses. You considered divestiture of any pieces of that business.
