Dave Keffer: Sure, Kristine, happy to clarify a few of those points. As you've noted, the NTE lots that follow the first five LRIP are currently projected to be more profitable than the LRIP lots. And to clarify that further, we are projecting a positive profit rate in Lot 6 based on our current projections. So, to your point, those NTE prices are set higher than the prices that are expected for the first five lots and with cost efficiencies that we're working hard to drive and program performance and productivity efforts very much in progress. Our current projections indicate positive profitability for those lots.
Dave Keffer: I think you're right, those are both important points about the NTE lots that that they are set higher. They also do include an EPA clause that is one we're monitoring carefully. So, both are important to keep in mind as eventual pricing and terms and quantities are finalized for those portions of the program.
Dave Keffer: The way I would characterize that is, I think, first of all, you've touched on a key point that the mix in MS has shifted over the last few years to be more heavily cost type in nature. We think that mix will shift back in the direction of more fixed price work over the next several years. A lot of the growth in MS in recent years has been large cost-type development programs, leading technology efforts across its multiple mission areas. And as a result, its cost type mix has gone from the mid-30% back in 2021 to the mid-40% this year, gradually that will shift downward over time to include the second half of this year when consistent with last year, some of our greater sales volume in the second half in MS will be driven by programs that are more predominantly fixed price in nature, and that will blend the mix upward even as soon as the second half of this year. But I think another important point is the set of deliberate actions we're taking to improve productivity and performance and cost efficiency in our Mission Systems business as we're scaling to meet increased demand in our factories. And improvements there are being felt already in the business and are another driver of our confidence in second half margins for MS being higher than those we've delivered in this half. We're working closely with our suppliers and our production teams in MS to continue to deliver on those efforts and expect progress in the second half and beyond.
Dave Keffer: Sure, Seth. Happy to comment on further. To your point, it was a really solid first half of the year and a solid second quarter for the AS business, top and bottom line performance were strong. And really since the beginning of the year, we've been projecting and noting that sales growth rate would moderate a bit in the second half of the year because of the timing of top line items in aeronautics, supplier deliveries and such, both on B-21 and on programs like F-35 that were going to lead to higher volume in the first half of the year than we saw a year ago. So, that's where we've seen the really strong year-over-year growth rates in the first half. We've been able to increase our guide for both sales and margin rate for the year. But to your point, it will involve slightly slower growth and slightly lower margin rates in the second half. We have initially guided 9.5% for the year and have now increased that rate because of the first two quarters at 10%. So we're continuing to project a really strong rate for the year. And I think that's evidence of the fact that we have a diversified mix of programs in AS and programs like our support for F-35 as well as Triton E-2D and others are in healthy production levels where we're doing a great job for our customers and delivering strong results for investors.
Dave Keffer: Right. Cai, it's the latter. We took that charge last year. So we're talking about the anticipated results from the program going forward.
Dave Keffer: I can take that one. The EACs for Q2 for space were less negative than the last couple of quarters, clear improvement there in performance in the business, still a few small negative items. But clearly, as you saw from the year-over-year booking -- or margin rate improvement and the overall margin rate that we're now expecting for the full year in space, there's been demonstrable progress there, really related to the actions we've been taking for the last year to improve program performance, deliver cost efficiencies, deliver affordability for customers as we do it. So certainly a good news part of the story there.
Dave Keffer: Sure. Clearly, a really strong Q2 for free cash flow performance, working capital very much an integral part of that. I think it's a good opportunity to take a step back then and look at the rest of this year and beyond? And what's factored into our multiyear outlook and our guidance for this year. And for working capital, the answer is essentially that our expectations are pretty flat that we're already performing at a very high level, very strong level for working capital and that we're not anticipating additional efficiencies nor are we anticipating erosion to those levels. So, when we talk about a 15% plus free cash flow CAGR from 2023 to 2026. That is not driven by further working capital efficiencies. It's driven by the expansion of operating profits as we continue to grow the top line, and we deliver on margin expansion opportunities. CapEx is at peak levels this year as it was last that will decline going forward, both in real dollars and clearly as a percentage of sales toward our longer-term target in the 3% range. And then we should see modestly stronger CAS pension recoveries as we showed in our latest projections earlier this year based on the actuarial environment today. And then the Section 174 impact on cash taxes will continue to decline each year. So that combination of factors is what leads to the 15-plus percent free cash flow growth in our outlook and working capital is essentially a flat element of that outlook.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Scott, thank you for the question. We did recognize this as a constraining factor in our supply chain for solid rocket motors four or five years ago, and the team brought forward a business case, which we funded to create an alternate supply, and we have done so, which gives us more confidence in our ability to manage that supply. We also, of course, are buying IP from other sources as well. We are not the single supplier of our own AP, but we did add to the overall production capacity, which has improved our ability for predictability on SRM, solid rocket motors.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Well, thank you. The DoD did a thorough review of a program as part of the [Indiscernible] process, and they were very transparent about the results of that review. For those of you who haven't seen it, they did a press release, they conducted media interviews about a week and a half ago to share those results and they met with many members of Congress. And in that process, they have not pointed to industry performance as the cause of cost growth. The things that they have pointed to include inflation, obviously, particularly as we look at the deployment cost, there's a big construction component of this job, and also the assumptions that were made many years ago that underestimated the complexity of the program. And those were two primary costs growth drivers that were identified. We are working with the Air Force to identify ways to perform better than those cost estimates. We will continue to do that. We are looking at everything from design alternatives that they have referenced in the restructure of the program to ensuring we have the right team in place to execute on every part of the program in that deployment and production phase. And, of course, we are continuing bolster our own staff and systems engineering on the program. But the reality is that most aspects of the program are progressing very well, and the Air Force has publicly made those comments – we are very focused on the ground in the structure, which is the piece of the program that is driving the vast majority the cost growth, and that's what our focus will continue to be through the restructure.
Kathy Warden: Well, I'm not going to comment on any individual meetings that I had, but I have had a number of meetings with members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, and they have generally been very supportive of the need for the program and our team's role in that program. And I will also just note that the Department of Defense speak for the program and their findings on the Nunn-McCurdy and have spoken very clearly about that. The final thing I'll suggest is that while not everyone is a supporter of the land-based leg of the triad, you can look at the vote and the appropriations, which have fully funded the program, and it's more reflective of the landscape I painted, which is broad-based congressional support for the program and our role in it.
Kathy Warden: Sure. With the increase in our guidance this quarter, we expect 5% growth again this year, following a period, as I said, of about 5% compound annual growth for the last five years. So, looking forward, we'd expect solid growth across three of our four segments with the strong demand that I talked about earlier in the call, balanced across the portfolio. Space is likely to be exception to that next year. We are guiding around flat this year and down modestly net. And that's due largely to the impact of NCI and the restricted program that we talked about earlier this year being canceled, and then we do expect space to return to growth in 2026. So it's too soon to provide a detailed guide for 2025 at a company level, but that gives you a sense of the dynamics that we're expecting in the various segments. And with the broad-based portfolio that we have, the slight decline that we expect in sales in Space next year do not change our outlook for the company as a whole.
Kathy Warden: So Gavin, what we have shared today suggests our modeling of the program would see increased dollar growth from here and on earnings and modest sales growth. So you can anticipate, even though we didn't specifically outlined that we are at the trough of margin rate performance on the program in our current modeling.
Kathy Warden: So the difference with the NTE pricing is that the pricing itself has an economic price adjustment clause in it for the EPA contracts, which, of course, we have not negotiated or definitized. The LRIP did not have an EPA clause. So any inflation relief that we get on those contracts is additive to the term.
Kathy Warden: At this point, Cai, what I would say is that the cost growth that is being talked about and which drove the Nunn-McCurdy is mostly outside of the EMD phase of the of the program, which, course, is what we are on contract for and therefore, what our financial projections reflect. And we do reflect modest cost growth that we're expecting in the EMD contract in our financials. So, you see that reflected in the Q2 booking rate. And I would say we've taken a cautious approach on our booking rate at this point as we normally do. at the beginning of the program. And as we perform and achieve more percentage performance milestones over the course of the program, we would expect that booking rate to improve.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So, as Dave said, we are now expecting book-to-bill in the year over 1 after a very strong second quarter. We do see lumpiness in awards, as we've talked about before, but consistently has been performing on an annual basis with book-to-bill over 1. And this year, it is again expected to be reflecting our mix of domestic versus international sales because awards are going to be strong in both categories, with international bookings being stronger this year than they have been in the past in domestic bookings remaining strong. In terms of the segments that are going to drive that, we've seen it shift more to our shorter-cycle businesses. So strong bookings are more concentrated now in our new defense systems and in Mission Systems than they are in AS and space. But of course, I'll point that in both those segments, we've had strong -- they've been the key driver of strong bookings in past and so they still have a really solid backlog.
Kathy Warden: I would say we are more international sales than we are expecting our international sales to grow at a faster rate than our domestic. But also when you look at bookings and the strength of our alignment with the National Defense Strategy and the prioritization, particularly of triad and the growth that we expect on all three of the programs as they move through development into production. We do believe that they will be well-supported in the budget, and we'll see them take more share of the budget overall, even though each one of them is well below 1% of the overall DoD budget, they are well-prioritized within the spending profile.
Kathy Warden: No. And it's why we included it to clarify that even though you see budget profile from department that show growth, that includes things that aren't on our contract as the government needs to staff up to be able to test to be able to support, to be able to build a sustainment to organization to house the aircraft as we deliver them. So there are a lot of things in that budget beyond our contract value. And with the dynamics that I described with EMD moving toward completion over the next handful of years and meeting IOC on the program with the production meeting its quantity level and then starting to flatten off. And with modernization and sustainment coming online, that whole mix keeps us generally in that high single-digit range, especially as the rest of the portfolio growth as well.
Kathy Warden: Yes. We have not received any updates that would suggest the Navy is changing their approach. They are in competition now for selection to occur next year. And in terms of our overall collection of opportunities continue to believe that the Department of Defense will move forward with sixth generation platforms. The timing is a bit influx on many of them as they sort out budget priorities. But we are confident that we're well positioned when and if they do move forward.
Kathy Warden: Yes. I'm not going to comment on specific discussions that we've been having with Spirit. But generally, we acknowledge that they are a supplier, and we have agreements in place with them that we would any owner of the company to adhere to as we move forward.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So we are excited that both NATO and Norway have expressed interest in Triton, and we are hopeful that announcements will be coming shortly on both. And as we look to build Triton for the U.S. and Australia, this simply adds to the production line outlook for Triton through the decade. And so we had envisioned this day coming where more countries would get the opportunity to see Triton once it was fielded has a tremendous ability to surveil large areas of ocean. You can think of the relevance to that in the Pacific, which is what was attractive to Australia and the U.S. Navy, but of course, in the Arctic, this is an area of great importance as well, which is driving to NATO and the Norwegian interest.
Kathy Warden: Yes. A couple of things to frame for you in answering those questions. The first is a reminder that the cost growth that is projected is indeed that a projection over a very long period of time. It covers not just work that we're doing right now to design, develop and tests, which will largely be through the remainder of this decade. The majority of those cost growth projections come for the fielding building out the missile silos for the system, 450 of them, and that doesn't happen really until the next decade. So that's why there's so much uncertainty. It's like any of us sitting here and trying to project what costs might look like 10 to 15 years from now, and that's what's baked into those estimates. The second part of your question is around the 80% growth. There's so much of that is well into the future. There are still decisions that the Air Force can make today that can drive solutions that reduce that cost projection. And that is what they're doing in the restructuring, looking at those options, and we are partnering with them to do that and very committed to help them do that. And, of course, on many of Northrop Grumman's program, we are performing well-below the government's independent cost estimates, which is what these are. These are not industry's estimates. These are the government cost estimates. And this is not growth on the current contract. This is projections of future growth. So with all of that in mind, there is time here to work through a number factors to determine what the actual cost growth would be and how that gets incorporated into future year defense programs, but it is not expected to have a significant impact in the next five years, and the Air Force has made that clear.
Kathy Warden: Sure. So, we've talked about several factors. The first is getting the macroeconomic headwinds behind us related to inflation flowing through our contracts, the disruption and challenges that we've had with supply chain deliveries, and those are largely getting behind us, although we do still have some contracts that is flowing through, and we're seeing those impacts, as we talked about in Mission Systems today. But as those headwinds dissipate, then it really is about the strength of the portfolio shining through in operating results. And you're starting to see that take hold. What I would say is that from a cost efficiency standpoint, the team is making sure that the business is sized appropriately and everything from human capital to facilities to our infrastructure. We also are investing in digital enablement, as you know, which is a tailwind to program performance as we've demonstrated on B-21 with our ability to adhere to modeling that predicts future and then hit that performance in the product, that is derisking our programs and driving improved margin opportunity. And then some more structural items like the mix shift that we spoke about on the call, our cost plus business, which we've had a heavy concentration of here in these last few years, including programs like Sentinel with lower booking rates, which will over time move toward fixed price and more profitable programs. And then, of course, international, which is a portfolio tailwind as more of our business comes from international sources. So it's that full combination of paths that we are working. We're showing progress on each as we move forward, and it bolsters our confidence that we can drive this business to another 100 basis points of margin performance over the decade.
Kathy Warden: Thank you. All right. So, with that, I'd like to conclude by once again thank you to team for a fantastic quarter. And in particular, I want to recognize Mark Taylor who is retiring from our company tomorrow after a distinguished Northrop Grumman career and over a decade on our executive leadership team. And also I want to note that in the coming months, Dave, Todd and I look forward to introducing Ken Cruse, who is here with us in the room to our investor community as our incoming CFO effective October 1. So in the meantime, we look forward to talking with you in October and seeing you over the course of the summer, and thank again for joining our call today.
