Kathy Warden: Yes. So as we noted, we are performing exceptionally well on the B-21 program, and we have continued government support for the quantities of at least 100 that are represented in the program of record. But given that this contract was initially awarded in 2015, the recent and really unprecedented macroeconomic impact of inflation, labor, supply chain disruption has affected the cost estimate to perform on the LRIP phase of the program. And importantly, we noted our projected cost per unit are still below the government cost estimates upon which the funding profile is based. And that's important because it supports the overall buy plan of the U.S. government. And just to, as a reminder on timing, the government hasn't yet exercised any of the LRIP options. So like we do on any price options, we continue to look at what the future may hold and reflect that in our estimates that complete, but those are indeed estimates of cost and future performance. So while -- as we note in the K , we don't currently consider a loss on LRIP to be probable, if it were ultimately to occur, it would spread over all 5 lots of the program. And particularly, that's important related to any cash flow impact. So as we look at 2023, we do not see that as material in our cash flow outlook. And even as we put together our 3-year cash flow outlook, we wouldn't see that as being material. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of what is contributing to B-21 cost estimates. Inflation clearly is the primary driver there. as we think about what's changed recently in our estimates, and we are working to mitigate those impacts, as you say, and we have some time as we move forward and get into production to continue to do that.
Kathy Warden: Yes, Ron, you are stating it accurately the performance there has been better even than we expected, and it's largely driven by more success in competitive wins than we had anticipated. Generally in all of our business, we project a certain amount of success, particularly in competitive environment. And here, we've just done better than we anticipated. And so that's driven sales upside and the very strong book-to-bill that we've had in that business where their backlog now is more than 3x sales and supports our projections for long-term, steady and durable growth.
Kathy Warden: It has been a key driver to generating 16% sales growth in the fourth quarter, in particular. We noted in the third quarter of last year that we were starting to see labor trends change in a favorable way. Our hiring had improved. Our retention had dramatically improved, and we saw that trend continue in the fourth quarter. I think a few things contribute. We hire technology skills that are very akin to what the technology sector employees, and we've certainly seen softness in that sector that has led to a significant increase in applications to Northrop Grumman. But I'd also like to think it's to do to the reputation of our company as being a technology innovator and the successes that we were able to showcase last year like James Webb and the unveiling of B-21 really spiked interest in applications to -- for employment at our company. And so those 2 things in combination are certainly working in our favor in a differentiated way.
Kathy Warden: As we've noted, we had talked about 12% being the fundamental margin rate that we believe this business, this portfolio can perform at, and we would be working our way back to that as particularly mix becomes less of a headwind in the middle of the decade. We still see that. But we are having these temporal pressures related to inflation that are flowing through all of our programs, B-21 most notable because of its scale and that we did it very long ago. As we think about how we are offsetting those costs, we talked about some of those ways today. We are working to digitally enable our business, which reduces program costs directly and improve profitability. But we also are applying that to our back office to streamline business processes and reduce costs that flow into our overheads also making our rates more competitive. And reducing the impact of cost growth. So those things that -- real estate has been key. You saw today, we talked about a few things that we did in the real estate area already in 2022, but we have many more of those lined up as ways to continue to offset any cost growth that we see and drive towards those higher margins.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So we look at the stock price over a longer time horizon than weeks, and we've consistently outperformed the industry on a relative TSR basis over the long term. But as you indicate, -- we've seen some pullback in the last several weeks across the sector and even more so with Northrop Grumman. I am a little surprised at the level of relative pullback we've seen given our strong continued results, our growth outlook and the relative portfolio positioning that we have in the U.S. and internationally. And to answer the second part of your question directly, I do not see the U.S. or our allies pulling back on funding their national defense strategy that is well aligned with the Northrop Grumman portfolio. So I'd sum it up by saying, with a strong backlog, growing global demand for our products, differentiated technology and the ability to attract and retain top talent, we're really well positioned to continue executing on the strategy that we have that is expected to deliver differentiated growth and a potential to generate greater than 20% free cash flow growth for at least the next several years, and we believe beyond. So I think investors are going to like that. And we've been in periods like this before following sequestration, where there was noise in the system related to the government's commitment to national security. But following that, it was one of the best periods of relative TSR growth at our company, and really, our industry has produced in a while. So I see this as a temporal speed bump in our past and yet our strategy remains strong to deliver value.
Kathy Warden: So our customers are engaging in conversations with industry to understand to motivate our investment in future capability and capacity, that is what they really want. And I think many of them now understand that shifting too much risk to industry doesn't support that investment, nor does it deliver the capability they need in a timely fashion. So with that, I expect we're going to see less the price development going forward. And they are specifically to inflation, the industry broadly is pushing back on accepting long-term fixed price contracts right now. And they're asking for reopeners for inflation. We expect that to continue. And as our suppliers ask us for that, we, of course, are passing that on to the government. And really, that's just common sense. So I believe it will become the norm.
Kathy Warden: So Doug, this year is really a continuation of those same trends flowing through the top line. The programs that have been declining. We've seen the majority of those declines, but they do still flow into the '23, '22 compare. So it is things like Joint STARS and Global Hawk. F-35 being a big revenue contributor in AS is relatively flat. So that ties directly into the narrative about their revenues being flat. And then B-21 is an increase, but it's not a significant increase yet because we're just moving from EMD into LRIP and these 2 combined are not a significant increase in the program as of yet.
Kathy Warden: So we stay focused on investing in the future capability needed and more so lately in the capacity needed. And in many ways, the reason we are being asked take on more share of the market is because we've been investing in this business and are able to take on that additional business because we have outfitted our manufacturing facilities to support the growth. As with the government is asking, we have been responsive. And so as a result, we are winning more business in that area. But we expect to be able to compete even as other new entrants come into the space because we do have a long heritage of expertise that contributes to our solid rocket motor business. And that's for all size, as I talked today and highlighted some of the larger solid rocket boosters that we build in support of SLS and GEM 63 for Kuiper. But that's true in businesses like [indiscernible] , where we are taking on more of the needed capacity because we've been investing in our manufacturing capacity there as well.
Kathy Warden: Sure. So in answer to your second question, we do expect to have a better sense as the year progresses, and we'll update disclosures as we do. And as we look at the profile, there's nothing really notable. To your point, we have more time to work cost efficiencies in the later lots. But of course, we made some more aggressive assumptions about learning curves and the like as we would on any production program. So really nothing notable in the profile and how you might think about any potential loss in spread.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So we do expect the trend to continue in terms of -- as assets get into service, we continue to support. But we also have assets like Global Hawk that are coming down. So I don't see a material change in that mix as we look forward, Peter.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Thank you. So in the fourth quarter, we did see some meaningful uptick in Defense Systems, and you can see that reflected in our results, both from the areas that I outlined in this call related to ammunitions and armaments but also increased interest in IBCS, and we have the current Poland work continuing to ramp but the 10 additional countries that I've noticed that have expressed interest. So as we think about the near-term drivers, it's the things that we already have in production. But as we think about the longer-term drivers is areas like IBCS future sales. And we are seeing that interest increase across the business, but most notably in '23, I think you will see that reflected as upside opportunity in defense. As we look at the enterprise over the next several years, we do expect our international growth rate to be double-digit, low teens compared to a U.S. growth rate that more in the norm of our mid-single digits. So as we think about international, we do expect it to grow as a percent of our portfolio in the next several years. And that's all based on international demand growing as a result of increased spending confirmations made by our allied partners.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Well, as you note, we have used ASRs as the tool in the past. And as we indicated in the call today, we do plan to put more than 100% of our free cash flow back into the deployment to shareholders. The fact that our valuation is down, really, we don't try to time the market per se. But we do think about that as we are kind of weighing our options for capital deployment this year, and we do have the flexibility to increase share repurchase from our original plan. So that is something we're actively contemplating.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So as we noted throughout 2022, if we could break loose supplier deliveries and continue to improve labor trends, we could deliver accelerated growth. And fourth quarter exemplified a path to doing just that. As we come into 2023 with that momentum, the same holds, we are confident enough in our sales expectations as we sit here today to raise them above what we had said in October, largely because we are seeing those improvements in labor in particular. And if those trends continue, we would have opportunity to even further accelerate growth in 2024. The budget does not play into this. We had assumed strong budget growth. It, of course, came to fruition in the '23 budget, and we continue to believe the '24 President's budget will also show growth.
Kathy Warden: Yes, David. So we had projected book-to-bill to be light in 2022, and it turned out to be 1.07. We are projecting it to be light again in 2023. I've noted before, we look at this over a multiyear period. We've been running at 1.2 for the last 4 years aggregated across those 4 years. So we still expect to be well over 1 when we think about a 5-year aggregated book-to-bill, but we do expect 2023 to be less than 1.
Kathy Warden: So look, 2022 was another year of outstanding performance by the Northrop Grumman team, and I want to thank them. As we reflected on our call today, we're even more encouraged with the opportunities for continued growth and value creation for our company in 2023 and beyond. So hopefully, that conveyed to you. Thanks again for joining our call today.
David Keffer: Seth, it's Dave. So I think you pointed out accurately that we're now projecting a margin rate for space in the mid-10s going forward. There were a lot of puts and takes in that margin rate upward and downward throughout 2022. Obviously, it's a rapidly evolving business, a tremendous amount of backlog growth and new program activity added into that portfolio over the last couple of years. So we're really pleased with the volume we're adding both at the top line and the bottom line in that process. Obviously, a lot of new cost type work being added to that portfolio and that mix growing, but also work that will evolve toward fixed price over the next couple of years and some new fixed price programs in that mix as well. So in aggregate, we think the mid-9s is the right way to look at 2023. In the coming years, we do see the opportunity for margin rate expansion. But I think the most important takeaway for the space business is that the volume of top and bottom line growth that we've been delivering over the last couple of years and now are projecting over the next few is really adding a lot of value there.
David Keffer: So let's talk about that for a few minutes. There is not a substantial change in working capital projected in the 3-year free cash flow guide that we gave today. There is more capital intensity in 2023 and 2024 that we've signaled throughout this year, given just how much more new business we were awarded this year and the additional capital investments that we need to make to support capacity and capability there. We've talked about things like the Amazon Kuiper Award and and other areas of the business that Kathy just noted, we're making investments upfront for these long-term franchise programs. So that is a headwind to free cash flow. But we're pleased to be able to offset that and deliver free cash flow guidance for '23 that's in line with our prior expectations. That's supported by the growth of the business, both top and bottom line. The R&D tax numbers will come down steadily over the next 5 years. And then gradually, over the next several years, we'll see improvements in the CAS pension cost reimbursement based on current projections. So not much change in working capital, but there are some other moving pieces in the mix. I think importantly, when we look at the underlying fundamentals of growth and margin rate, as we talked about in our scripted remarks, we do anticipate growth through this 3-year outlook that we've provided at the top line, and we are modeling small but gradual improvement in the margin rate as well. So that's a healthy underlying condition for free cash flow. And while we're at it, as we think about this outlook for free cash flow, the foundation is set for strong free cash flow beyond this 3-year period. The second half of this decade will have more programs moving to production, fewer of these upfront investments required to do so. The foundation we've laid over the last several years of capital investment is going to pay off in the second half of this decade on many of those programs. And so that's a healthy environment for continued growth in free cash flow as well as the continuation of the R&D tax amortization rolling off as a headwind. So when you look at the second half of the decade, I think your expectation should be more of the same strong growth in free cash flow that we've been talking about in the first half.
David Keffer: Sure. Thanks for those questions. The answers are pretty straightforward. As we noted, the impact on our cash taxes in 2022 from the R&D tax legislation was just under $1 billion. We would anticipate that being about 20% less per year, just under $200 million or so on average less per year. And so that is the magnitude of the annual tailwind that we'd anticipate for the next 5 years or so. Overall, cash taxes, excluding the impact of that R&D tax amortization will increase slightly over the coming years, but that's factored into our multiyear outlook. And as for equipment sales, I appreciate the question there. We received the final payment associated with the equipment sale that we booked a couple of years ago in 2022. And so we don't anticipate we're having our multiyear cash flow outlook, any continued recoveries from equipment sales.
David Keffer: Sure. I appreciate those questions. I think you have to the air math about right on 174. It was just under $1 billion in 2022, and it will decline by just under $200 million a year on average going forward. In terms of that 2024 guide, you're right that our CapEx expectations increased a bit given the volume of new business that we won this year that we'll be investing in going forward. No other material changes to 2024. We do anticipate growth as we've seen in '24 and then a real ramp in '25 as CapEx begins to decline, and you have the tailwinds as well in '25 and beyond from R&D tax, CAS pension recoveries and the underlying growth in margins in the business.
David Keffer: Sure. Well, that's a great question, George. Clearly, that's an indication of the broader macroeconomic conditions that we in our industry, and frankly, most other industries we're facing in 2022, and in our business, it impacted the level of net EAC adjustments in really each of our sectors in different ways. And you see it acutely there in space, as you mentioned. A number of those EAC adjustments were in the fourth quarter. And that kind of -- the net of all those puts and takes to include the inventory adjustment on a new commercial product line that you mentioned was another downside in Q4. Those were roughly offset by the upside from the land exchange transaction in space. So a number of puts and takes, but when you net it all out, not much overall impact on the space margin rate in Q4 or for the year. We're forecasting a rate just above that level that we operated at in '22 as we now look at '23. And as I noted earlier, something in the mid-9s is our kind of going forward expectation for '23 margin rate in space.
David Keffer: No single item was a driver of that of much more significance than any other. I think that alone, George, is an indication of the fact that this was more in line with broader macroeconomic pressures as opposed to any performance issue or contract issue in any particular program. This was broader and more widespread, but not significant on any one program in and of itself. And again, I think really just indicative here of the environment we were operating in, in a business with a lot of programs, a lot of new growth in recent years to be excited about.
David Keffer: David, I'll start on that one. Our margin rate was particularly high in AS in 2022. That was driven in part by the strong performance on those EMD profit pickups associated with anticipated incentives on that part of the program. We projected a 10% or so level for AS margins in '23 and expect that, that's a reasonable kind of planning assumption at this point for '23. And as we look forward beyond that, a lot of the factors that are working into the '23 estimate would be those that we'd expect to continue beyond '23. So of course, we'll update you over time. You mentioned B-21 EMD program will -- a portion of the contract will continue for a number of years on LRIP. We haven't baked any margin or cash in that part of the program into our multiyear outlook or our '23 guide. So we think that 10% level is the right way to think about kind of the underlying margin rate in AS in the near term.
