Wesley G. Bush: Well, thanks, Carter. I really appreciate that question. It's clearly an exciting dynamic time at Northrop Grumman, and quite frankly, across our industry. And as you pointed out when we look at the timeline in front of us, and by the way, our planning is not just for 2018. We are a long cycle business, we think about things over a much longer cycle than year-to-year. And as we think about our business, it is a process that has, as you framed well, finding the right balance, and making sure that we are planning and allocating resources appropriately, while also being very clear-eyed about the opportunity set that is in front of us, and my experience over the years in the defense industry is that it's easy to become enamored with opportunities, it's much more difficult to have a discipline to look at them through the lens of both being assured that we can deliver for our customers, which we take incredibly seriously in our company, as well as being able to deliver for our shareholders and for our team over time. And so, our annual process is very thoughtful on in that we force ourselves to take a really hard look at things, and do it without attachment. It's easy to get attached to things that you've been working on and feel that you just want to keep going down the road, but sometimes it's better to get off that road. So, we are in that process now. We, as I mentioned during my remarks, announced some leadership transitions, we tend to announce those a bit before the end of the year as we did with these transitions in that we want those who will be in the seat at the beginning of the year to own the plan, and be both responsible and accountable for the execution of the plans, and that process is going well. You asked about risks and opportunities. Clearly, we're in an environment where our customers are asking us to do a lot of new things, and so that's a very good opportunity environment. We've been pleased to see the bipartisan support broadly for better supporting our customers then perhaps has been done over the last number of years with respect to budgets. The attendant risk with that is of course the process. We are unfortunately still operating under a continuing resolution. We have yet to get to a place where Congress has been able to figure out how to move past the Budget Control Act which it needs to do. And so, consequently, that imposes all source of challenges from a planning perspective not only for our company, but even more importantly for our customer community, and inherently, that drives risk. It drives risk into current operations and it drives risk into future acquisitions. So, that's an area that we pay very close attention to. We are growing as our other companies, not just in our industry, but around the country and around the globe, and with that growth comes the demand for talent, and as I think about the big important things in front of us over the next few years making sure we get it right on talent is right there at the top of the list. We are a company driven by the intellectual capacity, the hardworking commitment of our team, and making sure we continue to build that with the right team members as we go forward is just incredibly important. We had a good year last year and it looks like we're going to have a good year this year in terms of our recruiting efforts. I'm just absolutely delighted with the talent that we're able to bring into the company, both those with significant experience, as well as the talent that we're seeing coming out of universities, both here in the U.S. and around the globe as we're recruiting. So, I'm excited about that. And I'm also excited to see our customer increasingly focused on the more advanced class of technologies. That's an area of strong focus for our company. Clearly, there is an attendant risk that goes with that in terms of being able to mature and realize the technologies as we pull them into the programs, and it's another thing that we do in our planning process, is to really take a hard look at where we stand. We have a great group of technologists in our company. Pat Antkowiak, our Chief Technology Officer does a fabulous job of leading us through a clear-eyed look at those things. So, it's an environment that does represent quite a few opportunities for us, quite a few challenges to make sure we get it right, but I have a lot of confidence in our team in being able to sort through those things and come out with the right balance.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah, Myles, let me give you a little flavor on that because it's I think important to look at each of these things in its own context and also through the lens of the individual companies, which are different lenses. And so, what I'm about to say, it doesn't suggest – is not intended to suggest that other companies don't follow similar principles. I can only say how it is that we think about things. When we're looking at one of these opportunities, let me be really clear, our objective is not just to win. Winning is great. It feels good on the day of an announcement. But if you can't really execute on it and deliver on it for your customer and your shareholders, then you've done the wrong thing. And we've worked hard over a long number of years in our company to have great clarity around what our objectives are. When you're entrusted by the U.S. or any one of our allied nations to do something in the defense arena, that's a real bond of trust you cannot afford to break. And we really look hard at executability under the terms of the RFPs that come out to make sure we can really execute. And so, sometimes, you might say we're a little tough on ourselves in that regard. But I just demand and our leaders across the company demand that we are clear-eyed about that. We do a lot of our own independent, whether you want to call them, black hats or red teams, or whatever we may happen to call them on individual bids, where we question ourselves aggressively to attest, can we really do this? And if we feel confident that we can, if there is good compelling evidence that we can, then we're going to go forward and make offerings that are intended to be attractive both for the customer and for the company. And in those cases where we don't see that outcome, then we feel we actually have a real obligation to be very clear with our customers about not only our decision, but the rationale for our decision. And in each of the cases that you mentioned, that has been our approach. And I would say in general, our customer has been appreciative of the feedback, not so much that they want to change things for any particular bid because they've made their decisions on how they're proceeding. But it helps them understand the way that industry is looking at these things, and I would say they've been very inviting of those conversations. So, I don't see anything particularly negative in all of this. It is simply a reflection of getting the right matches, so that the customer gets what they need and industry gets what it needs. And I intend for us to continue to have that high degree of discipline as we go forward.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. Thanks, Myles. And as I said, that's why we feel that it's so important to be as clear as we can when we make one of these decisions to fully explain ourselves to our customers.
Wesley G. Bush: Hey, Noah. It's Wes. I would just to add. When we think about the value creation over time, clearly, the cost synergy part of it is important. It enables us to be more efficient, more affordable. As Ken pointed out, as time progresses and we enter into new contracts, we pass those cost savings back directly to our customer, which is a great thing. And if you look back over, at least, our history of the creation of our company and the cost synergies that were created, there was a lot of savings passed back to the customers over the years. But from a shareholder perspective, clearly, the reason you do something like this in our industry is not so much the cost savings. It really is the revenue synergies that get generated over time. And that's where we see this opportunity to develop new innovative offerings for our customers, offerings that might be harder for them to see in the marketplace absent this combination of very complementary capabilities. And to me, that's where the real excitement is. Clearly, we're going to be disciplined and focused on generating those cost savings. It's something that as a company over a long period of time that we've been good at doing and I intend for us to excel at this as well. But it's really in the domain of revenue synergy creation where we see the long-term value creation opportunity, both for us as a company and our shareholders and our employees, but also as important for our customer community that really relies on our industry to aggressively innovate and put new ideas forward for them and to create the ability to have even broader side of competitive offerings. So, that's where I think the most excitement is as we look forward to the future. Orbital ATK is just an outstanding company when it comes to the quality of the innovation, the ability of their team to continue to advance the state of technology and turn that into applications for their customers. And if you put that together with those similar qualities within our company, that's exciting.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, thanks, Doug. As remarked a couple of times, what's great about this is, is so complementary. We have almost no overlap between the two companies. And let me just pull the thread on the space part of it first. As you noted, and you said it nicely without saying I'm getting old, I've been around the space business for a long time, seen a lot of transitions over the years. And we are in a period of dramatic change in terms of space architecture for such a long time or forever throughout my career, we've operated with the notion, which is now becoming an incorrect notion that space is somehow a permissive environment where we don't need to be so much concerned about the actions of adversaries. And today, we know, everybody else has gone to school on what the U.S. has done over so many years. The strategic importance of space is recognized and consequently the vulnerability of space assets is understood. So, we're at the dawn of a dramatic shift in the way that our architecture for our space assets is being assessed. And as you think forward in that regard, it's really going to take the combination of different classes of capabilities to create in space what we've essentially done as a nation with our allies over many areas in the air domain, and the sea domain, and other important domains, which is to create a diversity of capability and a strength in terms of the way that we not only execute our mission, but we defend our assets, and we create a real operating domain. If you look at the Northrop Grumman portfolio space capabilities, we tend to focus on the really big things. Think about us as observatories or in the national security domain, we tend to focus on the very large assets. If you look at the portfolio at Orbital ATK, it's more the smaller, in many case, more agile response capabilities that are going to be core to this future. And just as in these other domains, the answers, the architectures are going to require that it'd be combinations of both of those different types of systems to make it work. So, that's why we're so excited on the space side. In the missiles arena, that's a marketplace we're not really in today in a significant way. And, yet, we see the technology is there progressing quickly. Orbital ATK clearly has a very strong competency in that class of technology and in the manufacturing production of those systems. And as we think about the future, obviously continuing to support what they're doing today with the set of customers they have is going to be important, but we also see opportunities to bring technologies at Northrop Grumman into that mix. And, again, it's a very complementary way of supporting our customers and enabling the U.S. and our allies to continue to advance. So, those are just a couple of the very exciting things we see going on. But I would say more broadly, I'm excited about the full breadth of the Orbital ATK portfolio, and we're looking forward to getting through this process that we're working our way through now, so that we can get on with it and start helping our customers more broadly.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, thanks, Sam. Let me just kind of give a broad view on that. TS, for us, is a critically important business. It's core to our strategy. It's tightly interlinked with the programmatics across the company both at AS and MS, but above and beyond that, we have customers who are in need of new ideas, the application of new technologies, when it comes to sustainment, when it comes to logistics, when it comes to training, that whole domain. And, yes, to your point, there are parts of that world that have tended towards more commodity types of provision, and as we've talked a little bit about on some of our prior calls, the work we've been doing at TS has been to rebalance the portfolio, so that we are more focused on the higher end of that class of services. And you can see it reflected in the margin rate that sector is delivering. It wasn't that long ago when TS was in the mid-single-digit margin rates, and none of us liked that. We did not see that as reflective of the quality of business that we ought to be able to address with the extraordinary team that we have at TS. And so we've asked them to do what is hard. Basically, they had to trim back the top line, focus on the areas where we're really generating a lot of value, and where it's an appropriate application of the human capital that we have in that business, to also invest in technology for the longer term in that space, and that's what they're doing. So, yes, there will be some of these bids where customers are making decisions to go with more of a commodity type approach that simply are not going to work out for us, and we're fine with that. That's not what we want to do. We'll have to test some of the customers to understand where their decision-making is. I wouldn't be surprised, over time, if that decision-making moves around a little bit, but we're going to continue to focus TS on the part of that market space that is the higher end and fits with our strategy. So, I'm pleased with where we are, pleased with where I see that team going, and wanting to stay on that vector.
Wesley G. Bush: George, I would not have any commentary there. All I would say is, what I said earlier, that the two companies coming together represents some nice revenue synergy opportunities.
Wesley G. Bush: So, I would tell you, Seth, that first of all, it sounds to me like your math is correct largely. I would say that – I will just remind you that those are pre-tax numbers, so just make sure you're tax effecting them as you have worked through those calculations. In terms of the returns year-to-date, we're really proud of the performance of our investments and trust organization to generate a nice set of returns and certainly while managing risk and managing volatility. And if we're able to hold on to those returns, this year we would expect to project lower CAS and some amount of lower FAS as we look forward. But certainly, market trends or market dislocations out into 2018 or 2019 can certainly impact those contributions. So, we're just giving you the numbers with the best estimates we have today and with the given assumptions as we went through in the prepared remarks. But we do feel that we're pretty confident that as we look forward our CAS recoveries should offset our funding for the next number of years as we project forward.
Wesley G. Bush: Yeah. Rich, it's a really good question. And just reflecting on the question that Carter asked a little bit earlier. You have your finger on one of the key things that is an important success factor in our business, and that's the talent equation. We've been doing really well in terms of attracting talent into the company. We grew head count last year, and we will this year despite the shifting demographics that we have across our industry. And it just makes all of us be very focused on the talent side of the equation. But I would say things are going really well. The one thing I have concerns about with respect to talent is the clearance cycle. I'm sure you've heard many talk about that as an ongoing issue in our industry, and not only on the industry side, but also quite frankly on the government side, just the time it takes to get people through the clearance pipeline. But all that said, so far, so good for us. We see a really strong pipeline of talent in our company to apply to all of these new initiatives. And it's just something that we're having to manage very, very closely, pay a lot of attention to, and it's working well for us. So, if you know good talent, send them our way. We're hiring.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes. Thanks, Sheila. As I think about the future in unmanned, and we've gotten to the point where we'd like to use the word autonomous because most of the real capability is increasingly autonomous capability where there really isn't somebody sitting on the ground flying the vehicle with a joystick. We're just incredibly excited about it. It is a class of capability that is finding an application across the spectrum whether you're talking about reconnaissance, which has sort of been the traditional application of that class of technology to a whole new set of mission forms. And it's not just in the U.S. as you've heard us discuss on the calls in the past. Our partners around the globe need this technology. The U.S. is working hard to be supportive of our allies' needs, and we have active efforts in this regard in a number of countries around the globe. We are making – we continue to make significant investments internally in continuing to advance the technology. We want to make sure that it's not only mission effective in terms of, if you will, the aerodynamic capabilities of what it's delivering its mission. We also want to make sure that these systems are highly secure. And that they can have the degree of confidence and trust that one would normally apply to a manned aircraft. So, we continue to see this as a great growth area for our company. As I mentioned, and as you referenced, we did make a decision to not bid on MQ-25 just around the particular nature of that final RFP. But, broadly, things are going really well for us. You asked about Triton. That program continues to move forward very well. We're into the stage of discussions on the next LRIP on Triton. So, this is just a good growth opportunity for the company and a demand that I think is going to be increasingly important for our customers.
Wesley G. Bush: All right. Thanks, Steve. I'll just wrap up by again thanking our team for their incredible focus on performance. Everyone's hard work is serving our customers and our shareholders incredibly well. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for your continuing interest in our company.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks, Noah, for the question, and I'll start off. And if Wes has anything to add, he can jump in at the end here. We did. You got it exactly right. We did bucket into three parts, the first being cost savings. And I would say that is sequentially the first that we will expect to see. So, we're estimating about $150 million of annual cost savings by 2020. And we have modeled some cost that we will incur in order to get there. So, we've modeled – I believe we talked about $75 million in the first year and a half or so. We are looking beyond that at operational synergies. And you can think of those as being in the areas like supply chain and manufacturing where beyond the initial cost savings, we would look to find some additional synergies that certainly we would work to make sure that those drive cost savings as well, but we are not able to quantify that at this point in time. And then the third bucket is the revenue synergies. And what I will tell you is that that's probably the piece that's going to take the longest, both of us being long-cycle businesses, but we do expect that as we start to pass the cost synergies back to the customer over three to four to five-year period we would see the revenue synergy sort of filling in that reduction in the cost savings that accrue to us versus to the customer, and we will see the revenue synergies start to kick in and generate the margins to again fill in the gap of the synergies at that point in time. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it. I hope that answers the question.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Wes, I would just add that while we have lost a couple of, what are viewed as large contracts, we've also won a number of large contracts in TS as well. And some of that contracts that have been lost are IDIQ types where you don't necessarily see the full value ever getting exercised. But TS has had some nice wins this year, and I think you can see that reflected in our third quarter where revenue is down only less than 1%.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure, George. Let me take that one. I would say that, look, AS is a business that's a long cycle business. The programs last – span over multiple years. And relative to our other sectors, they have got a relatively small number of large programs. And so you see incentive recognition or earnings adjustments that are similar to this in nature on a relatively frequent basis, this is not an unusual item, certainly the amount is larger on a single program than we have seen often in the last number of years, but nothing unusual about it. And I would say it again, as you point out, not a large increase in our EAC adjustments this year over last year. And given their restricted nature I can't really say too much about it other than nothing out of the ordinary and the way we manage the business to try to realize as many opportunities and incentives as we can. But to your second part of the question, I think you are getting it right, we are working to try to make sure that we're recognizing our margin on a timely basis. And therefore, more of the margin is moving into kind of the baseline margin rate, I would say, and we're seeing less impact of the total EAC adjustments over and above those baseline margins that we've been recognizing. And we're working to make sure that we continue to do that, that we're – as we're realizing risk reductions, we're reflecting those and as we're able to harvest opportunities that reflect those right into the baseline EACs, and therefore, less large adjustments as we look forward. So that is certainly a part of the strategy and making sure that we're appropriately recognizing our earnings on a timely basis.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yeah. And I appreciate the question, Peter. So, as we look forward from a cash perspective, certainly investing in the business remains the number one priority. We have a nice set of growth opportunities in front of us, and Orbital ATK has a nice set of growth opportunities in front of it as well. So, we are going to be looking to invest in a business, number one. But after that, we will be focused on some amount of deleveraging. We've got some debt coming due in 2018. We've got some debt coming due in 2019, and we will be highly likely refinancing or using some of the debt we raised to refinance their debt, so that will be taken care of at or around closing. And then you can see that we laddered our debt with some near-term maturities as well that we would look at from a deleveraging perspective. That being said, we do expect that together we will be strong generators or a strong generator together of cash flow. And after we invest in the business and do that delevering as planned, we will certainly have sufficient cash leftover to continue our strategy of paying a competitive dividend and looking at some share repurchases. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. A really nice scenario with strong generation and the ability to really stay focused on the same cash deployment strategy.
