Ken Bedingfield: So Carter, just to make sure we're on the same page with in and out, you're correct, Azusa and Bethpage out. Think of them as relatively even sized businesses. In terms of Aerospace, 2015 was just over $10 billion, $10.004 billion in sales. As we mentioned, we're projecting low 10s for sales in 2016, so low single digit growth at Aerospace. In terms of margin, I wouldn't think of those two businesses as significantly different in terms of margin rates.
Ken Bedingfield: It's not Space Park, which is already, for the most part, owned. But it is a number of buildings. And it certainly is a large capital outlay, but we do believe over the long term, the benefits are such that we'll realize affordability, we'll have obviously avoided rent expense and those cash outflows down the road. So we think it's a good decision, buildings that are core to our new three sectors and particularly Mission Systems.
Ken Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, Myles. I would say F-18 is probably the largest of the declining piece of the business and certainly worth pointing out, as we've been successful on that program and have realized some nice margins out of that. But I think the other thing I would point out is we are seeing lower volume in 2016 in the unrestricted space business, particularly AHF and the James Webb Space Telescope, as those are moving into a more mature phase of their life cycle. The other piece of the decline that we pointed out was a bit in NATO AGS, as we've reached, again, a level of maturity on that program, as well. So a number of moving parts that go together to give us the low single digit 2016 sales increase.
Ken Bedingfield: Good question, Myles. I think what I would say is, as we've discussed, we do expect CapEx to remain elevated for a couple more years. And that represents our investing in the business for a robust set of opportunities that we see ahead of us. And I wouldn't want to give CapEx guidance beyond 2016, but in terms of the level of elevation, certainly I wouldn't consider the $300 million in where you look at it. I do think those are more of a one-off in 2016. But certainly, we look really hard at every investment we make and we do believe firmly these are worthwhile investments.
Ken Bedingfield: Appreciate the question. I would say that we, in terms of managing cash on the balance sheet, we certainly prudently manage that to make sure that we have got sufficient cash and liquidity. We're north of $2 billion at the end of the year. We were north of $1 billion at the end of the third quarter. So I wouldn't necessarily want to put a target out there on where we are, but we certainly actively manage that. And in terms of cash guidance, I would say from a working capital perspective, I think we're looking at it as relatively stable, a lot of moving parts in working capital this year, particularly some changes in accruals and mostly timing type items. But cash taxes, I would say that we saw a really good year for cash taxes in 2015. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like we'll be able to repeat that in 2016. So I would say a relatively higher level of cash taxes in 2016, but I would say net working capital could be a bit better than it was in 2015.
Ken Bedingfield: I don't think I'd want to quantify that. I would say that the team, our tax team, actually working really closely with our sector teams, combined to have a great result in 2015. And I wouldn't want to put a number out there, because I suspect that our teams will continue to work hard and do better than what I currently think they could do. So appreciate the question.
Ken Bedingfield: So Doug, I would say that, and let me address first the 2015 piece and a number of parts there that drove the strong margin. First of all, a great performance by the team. We also saw some, as I mentioned, of the lower level of the material sales that have a lower than average margin in that business. So that certainly helped contribute. In terms of looking forward for the new Technology Services sector and its strong margin rate at 10%, it did pick up a number of services business from IS that have actually above margin rates as you look at the legacy IS business, particularly the civil and health businesses that were in IS. So as we look forward, we see technology Services as having a strong 10% margin rate.
Ken Bedingfield: And Rob, if I could just add that if you think about F-35 for us, we do have four contracts for F-35, the center fuselage, the radar, the DAS and the C&I. And I will just point out that we are on units of delivery for each of those four contracts. So the timing of the ramp, as you see out of our business, could be a little bit different out of what you'll see out of Lockheed. So just want to make sure you keep that in mind as you look forward.
Ken Bedingfield: We would be ahead of them in the production cycle, but from a revenue recognition standpoint, not necessarily.
Ken Bedingfield: Thanks for the question, Cai. We are planning to file an 8-K that will present our realigned structure from the current four sectors at the end of 2015 to the new three sectors as we move forward in 2016. And that 8-K we expect to be filed in April before we file our first quarter 10-Q that will include three years of information on the three-sector format. And that's the earliest we'll be providing that information.
Ken Bedingfield: I would say, Cai, that as we look at it, we provided the guidance on the prepared remarks in terms of the expected sales range and the whether it was growth or flat or slightly declining in terms of Technology Services. And at this point, I think that's the best we can do for you.
Ken Bedingfield: You know, Sam, I would say that if I look at cash from operations, we were a little bit shy of last year. We had some just some timing of things, timing of cash collections on some fixed price contracts where we have performance based payment terms and some protected negotiations that have driven some delays there, a little bit on some payroll accrual items/ But overall, I think that it was a strong cash year, cash from ops before the pension prefunding of about $2.5 billion and free cash flow, again before the prefunding, of just north of $2 billion, so a lot of cash generation in the fourth quarter. Our profile has tended to be that way, but this year was a bit more even, for us heavily weighted into the fourth quarter. And we'll work hard to try to bring some of that forward as we look at 2016.
Ken Bedingfield: So George, the single largest driver to the guidance last year to the performance this year, the single largest driver would be the R&D credit, which was not in the guide last year, as it was not enacted, versus this year with the permanence of the R&D credit today, we see it as in our guidance. And other than that, it's really about performance. If there was a single program that was a material piece of our performance in 2015, we would have disclosed what that was. So it really was just strong performance by the team across the board, all four of the sectors in 2015 contributing to that performance. As we look forward at 2016, we think about the risks and the challenges that are ahead of us. We think about the opportunities and how we can manage those risks and how we can take the most advantage of those opportunities to drive continuing performance as we look forward. So I think that's really the name of the game.
Ken Bedingfield: Yes, I think that's fair. I would say the R&D credit is more like $0.30 and then the other items are, again, just an amalgamation of strong performance across the Company.
Ken Bedingfield: I wouldn't want to refer to the programs or the specific amounts. I will just say again, if it was material on any particular program, we would have disclosed it, but we look forward to realizing opportunities in unmanned as we move forward.
Ken Bedingfield: Hunter, appreciate the question, but I wouldn't want to quantify what that is. I will just say that we take really a disciplined approach to making these investments and we only make these investments when we see a reasonable return. But we do believe that this is significant to our businesses and will provide a long-term benefit in terms of affordability and competitiveness.
Ken Bedingfield: No, I think you're thinking about it right, Rob. I would say that if you think about FAS/CAS, the impact is more higher FAS than it is on the CAS side, so I'd factor that into it. The only other item I would mention is timing of international awards. We had gotten some international advances and been burning those down in 2015. I think I mentioned some of the accrual items, and then again really comes back to continuing to focus on working capital and improve our working capital position from here.
Wes Bush: So like most years, the challenge with new business, with the way the appropriations process works and the conversion into sales, it takes a little bit of time for the new wins to transition from the win, and then, of course, the appropriation, into the actual outlay and the contracting and then converting it into sales. So of all of those things that I just mentioned as we went through, none of them, or in aggregate, I would say, they do not represent a large fraction of our sales in 2016. Most of these things will manifest in the sales that we'll see in 2017 and beyond. So I wouldn't venture a guess, because it would only be that, in terms of the actual percentage. But I think to get to the general vector of your question, it takes a little bit of time to pull those things through, but we're pulling hard.
Wes Bush: Yes, I appreciate the question. When we think about the pace of technology and also, quite frankly, the pace of the threats that our nation faces, we've all been frustrated over the last, it's more than a decade now, at the general slowing that we seem to see and the ability to take good ideas and turn them into reality. So part of our overall technology and development focus in the Company is focused around speed. Because speed does matter. Speed matters to support the war fighter. Obviously, it matters as we're addressing a lot of these emerging threats that we're seeing around the globe. And we don't have to wait for a procurement program to come out for us to jump into things and to demonstrate that we can move it along a bit more quickly. We can do it, oftentimes, ourselves through our internal investments. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we've been increasing those internal investments. You pointed out the particular category of what we've been doing on the aircraft side and we are especially proud of that. We have the ability within the Company to quite rapidly go from conceptual thinking to prototyping and to flying those prototypes so that we can get good early engineering information and turn that around back into the design approach that we're utilizing to bring actual products to offer to our customer community. And our scale composites organization is a really important part of that process that we utilize in our Company, a really innovative and capable group at scale and have a long track record of demonstrating the speed to product, if you will, in terms of our ability to prototype. But that's one example of a broader perspective that we have in the Company that the work that we're doing to support our customers needs for the long term needs to not only be at the high end of technology, they need to be able to access it quickly and utilize it in a very effective manner.
Wes Bush: So we try and align what we're doing with the vector that we see Do D on. We don't expect that we just walk in the door and we suddenly get a production turn on. We see these as very important parts of our ability to be competitive. And so we're not actually asking DoD for any assurances in turn ons. We're simply seeing this as the challenge that we collectively have across our industry to make sure that the most advanced technologies are ready quickly for our customers.
Wes Bush: I appreciate the question. Last year was phenomenal in terms of our positioning with some of these wins. And as I noted earlier, clearly LRS-B, which is currently under protest, so we're having to wait for that process to work its way through. But just in terms of the win itself, was a very nice win, one that we'd worked hard on for a number of years and we were delighted to see that outcome and to be ready to go and execute that when the time comes. That will represent a meaningful opportunity, a very meaningful opportunity for the Company over time. But I would not want to overlook many of the other things that happened last year that are so critically important for our long-term positioning in the enterprise. While Triton was not a win, if you will, last year, last year was such a notable year in terms of its programmatic progress that I think it's important to lay that out. It's a program that we've been in development on for a number of years. And the progress that we made last year with the articles that we have flying and the testing that was being done really puts that program in a good place as we move forward this year to be ready to enter into LRIP. I think that's a really important milestone as we think about these next steps in unmanned capability, Triton representing the natural evolution from Global Hawk. And we see that as an important capability not only for our Navy customer, our direct Navy customer on this, but I think it represents the high altitude long endurance solution that's going to be sought after by many customers, including many of our allies around the globe. So that is sort of in the unmanned domain as, I think, a representative program of the big steps. The work that was done last year at Electronic Systems to break into some new adjacencies, I also would point out as really important work, notably, the wins on SEWIP and Kirkham. The SEWIP win was one that for us was a long reach into a domain that we think is going to be incredibly important for the future, which is all of the work that's being done by the Navy for advanced electronic warfare. And while over the years in the past we've held a few smaller positions in that regard, SEWIP really does position us in that space in a new way. And we're excited about what that represents and the opportunities that will come with it. And in Kirkham, this was a move into the rotary wing adjacency for aircraft protection. We've had a long and successful run and have a great future in the fixed wing side of things, but to move into the rotary wing side of it, as well, was another big step forward for us. So I'll stop there. I could keep going. But I would just point those out as some of the clearly significant milestones that we encountered last year that as we go through the course of this year, but I would say it's really more into next year as we really begin to ramp up on these things, that we'll see an impact on our trajectory.
Wes Bush: Well, we don't guide for 2017. We're guiding for 2016, so I don't want to get too far out in front of that. But I would go back to a point I made when Howard asked a similar question, which is if you look back over the history of the way that changes in defense spending translate into changes in the industry, I'll say it broadly, the industry's revenue cycle, there's generally a delay. If you look back at the downturn cycle, our most recent experience in that, I think the investment accounts peaked right around 2010 and you saw the related sales and industry peak a couple years later, and I think it's just that is just a reflection of a natural cycle. And if you look back in history at the up cycles, you'll see a similar situation, where it simply takes a little bit of time for the decisions that the Department makes on the new things that it needs to translate all the way from the appropriations cycle through to the outcome cycle. So I think this is just going to be another one of those situations. Everyone likes to talk about where are we in the trough. And I think it's important to remember that the trough has a part in the rear view mirror which was a steep down cycle, hopefully in the rear view mirror, and then it takes a little bit of time for that transition to come into effect as we climb out of that.
Wes Bush: And while we're transitioning to our next question, Steve is reminding me that I slipped a couple years in the timeline that I was giving Jason. It is about a two-year delay in the difference between the peaks of DoD budgeting and contractor revenues. I think I said it was 2010 to 2012. It was actually DoD peak in 2008 and contractor revenue is peaking in 2010. But the point is still the same. It's a couple year difference that we've historically seen.
Wes Bush: This is Wes. I would add that we've worked hard over the last number of years to remove from our portfolio the lower margin parts of our service business. We've not seen that as really the best fit for the Company for the long term. So I think what you're seeing, in addition to sort of the layout of the components that Ken addressed, I do think you're seeing just a broader move forward in how we position the portfolio and the services part of our business. And it's reflected in the way that we're giving you a forecast for 2016.
Wes Bush: Well, we are in the process of benchmarking. As you know, we go through a process early each year to sort through what we think the right benchmarks are for our businesses. And of course, we incentivize our team to do better than those benchmarks. So we're not in a place where we're going to give you a forward look on what it should be. But in terms of our guidance for 2016, you can see the number and I think it's reflective of the great work the team's been doing.
Wes Bush: Well, we're all looking forward to F-35s making progress on the ramp. This was a ramp that we've all been preparing for many years, both in terms of our facilities, as well as making sure that we've got the supply chain capacity and the people capacity to effectively execute the ramp. We're ready and we've been ready. This was a program that, as I said, we've been preparing for quite some time. And I won't speak on behalf of Lockheed, but from a broader team perspective, this has been the topic of a lot of engagement and the assurance that we need to provide collectively to our customer community that we're all going to be able to get this job done. The nature of the contracting at the prime level I won't address. That's a very appropriate interaction with Lockheed. But moving us into a more normal process, both in the contracting side and on the ramp side of where we really should be on a program like this, we're all looking forward to that.
Wes Bush: This is Wes. I think there's going to be a lot of opportunity in that modernization wave. It's another one of these areas that, unfortunately, as a nation, we put off, I think, for probably too, long and so now we're going to have to deal with a significant amount of modernization. It is an area of deep expertise within our enterprise. Most of that expertise is within our Technology Services organization in terms of the historical programs like ICBM. But it's actually resident, we have significant capability in all three of our sectors. So as we look forward at this wave of modernization, it's an area that we do intend to participate in, I think we can bring a lot to the customer community in that regard, and we look forward to addressing those opportunities.
Wes Bush: And I would just put a fine point on what Ken just said. It's often the thought to model it into rate structures and that perspective, from how does it drop down to the bottom line quickly. But many of the things that we do of that nature in our Company go precisely, as Ken said, to affordability, to our ability to compete effectively, capture new business, and to address our customers' continuing needs for more capability at lower cost. So when we have the opportunity to do this type of a transaction, if you will, that is clearly cost effective, it just makes a lot of sense for us to take that on. So we look at it, obviously, we demand a return on any type of capital deployment that we do, but it has multiple benefits that I think are important to recognize.
Wes Bush: It had been at a much higher rate of production. And so what we're seeing is just the slow, gentle ramp down on the program. We're delight to see some of these additional opportunities on F-18, because it continues to be just a great aircraft and is, I think, performing well for all of its users around the globe. So it's nice to see that, but it's just a cycle down.
Wes Bush: Well, clearly the governments are collectively economically having to deal with the situation in oil. But at the same time, they're having to deal with the threat environment that's all around them. So we continue to see robust demand. We continue to see a very high degree of engagement with our allies in the region. And I suspect that's the way it's going to be for awhile, because of just the reality of the security situation throughout the region. So from our more narrow optic than the broader economic optic, we've not really seen any backing off from the needs for support on the security front and, if anything, in some areas, it's growing.
Wes Bush: So the way I would frame that is if you're investing smart in R&D, you're going to be more competitive on what the Department wants to acquire, so the reward comes when you win. And that's really the way we think about this equation, that by investing smartly for R&D, we're going to have the products and capabilities in place that our customers need over time. This is, in many respects, this is the story of our industry over a decade of cycles, that we have to be engaging with our customer community in a way that we can have insight into what their future needs are going to be. Because you can't just wake up one morning and say, I need a different class of performance than I had yesterday. It takes time to get those capabilities in place and we do rely on the DoD having follow through from the stated needs to actually acquiring things, because that's how we get a return on those investments. We go and we compete and when successful, we win and we perform on those programs. So I don't think there's any significant difference that I would cite in terms of the way that the overall model is working. I think there has been a lot more attention of late, from a DoD perspective, into where are all of the sources of the R&D investment that they can tap into. Because quite frankly, the amount of R&D appropriations that the Department has had available to it to go and make its own investments has declined over the last number of years, and in many respects is declining at exactly the wrong time, while our potential adversaries around the globe are investing much more aggressively in R&D. So DoD very appropriately looks to the broader ecosystem that supports it and is in need of those investments being made for the long term, and I do think that it pays off if you do it smart. If you're applying that investment in areas that turn out to be the right ones for our customers and if can convert those investments and capabilities into competitive offerings that really meet the customers needs. So I think the model makes sense, but it requires that very high degree of engagement with our customer community to make sure we keep that alignment.
Wes Bush: Thank, Steve. Well, as I said at the beginning of the call, 2015 was an outstanding year for our Company and I'm really proud of what our team accomplished last year. And I have to say, I'm looking forward to what this team can accomplish in 2016. So thanks, everyone, for joining us on our call today and really appreciate your continuing interest in our Company.
