Stephen C. Movius: Thanks, Sheverly, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. We do not have a PowerPoint presentation for the first quarter. However, we are posting an updated company overview that provides supplemental information on our 4 sectors. You can access our new company overview at www.northropgrumman.com. Before we start, please understand that matters discussed on today's call constitute forward-looking statements, pursuant to Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which are detailed in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risk factors may cause actual company results to differ materially. On the call today are Wes Bush, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Jim Palmer, our CFO. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Wes.
Stephen C. Movius: Yes, I'd be happy to. Information Systems, really look at it in a couple of pieces. One would be kind of services piece with a lot of what I would call high-end engineering content contracts, where we've been with a customer for oftentimes very extended periods of time, quite a bit of that with restricted customers. And I would say that most of our competition in that space are folks that -- kind of the Tier 1 folks that you know pretty well. On the systems side, that's about 60% of our business. And again, that's, by and large, very few of the IT competitors in that space. Again, mostly the Tier 1 guys where you have to have significant capabilities to be able to compete effectively and where the customers' value proposition is more on what you're delivering to them versus particularly a lower hourly rate, so to speak. You might think about it in a services world. So I hope that helps.
Stephen C. Movius: I want to thank all of you for your interest in our company. This concludes our Q&A session, and I'd like to turn the call over to Wes for final comments.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Howard, thanks for the question. Let me just kind of back up and talk about Block 30 a little bit more broadly. We continue to be pleased, and I think the customer continues to be very pleased with the in-theater performance of the Block 30 systems. They're in very high demand. They're running at a very high utilization rate. The combatant commanders don't seem to be able to get enough of them. So that's the -- sort of the operational reality of what's going on with Block 30 today. We're in this interesting period of time where the nation is having to make some decisions around budgets, and the departments are feeling very squeezed on their ability to fit everything in and meet all the demands of both the Congress, if you will, from a budgetary perspective, as well as the operational commanders out there in the theater. So inevitably, there are decisions or recommendations put forward for budgetary consideration that the Congress has to debate and make decisions on. And Block 30, I think, is sort of a classic example of that. In particular, it is a brand-new system. And so when you do the calculation on the cost component, brand-new systems take a little bit of time to work their operating costs down the curve, down the operating cost curve. And if you're in a budgetary mode where you're trying to squeeze everything in for the next year and you're not all the way down that curve, it's easy to come up with a different conclusion. And so that's where Congress has responsibility to look at things both near term and long term. And we saw that in this last cycle where Congress took a view of sort of the longer term, given the investment that's been made in Block 30. So we were very pleased to see the continued support for Block 30 in the actions that Congress took with the 2013, both the authorization and the appropriation process. But at the same time, the Air Force has real budget pressures, and that's a reality the Air Force is having to work their way through. This turns out to be more about the cost of operating than it really does in terms of the remaining procurement. If you look at the last of the lots of Block 30 to be put on contract, that will be Lot 11, there's really only 3 more aircraft in that Lot 11. So the budget math here has to go to what it takes to sustain this system in its operations. And so that's on us. We have got to work with the Air Force to continue to address the cost of operating Block 30s. We're doing that. We're putting forward some proposals, recommendations for the Air Force to consider. But I think it's simply a reflection of this budget environment that we're in, that's forcing a decision space that's perhaps more narrow. And we all might want it to be given the longer-term perspective of capabilities for the nation.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Jason. I think it actually might be helpful just to step back and remind everybody of the mechanics here because that really turns into the outcome. So I think we're all trying to sort our way through. And the analogy I would use would be how does the pig move through the snake? Although in this case, I wouldn't want to impugn the population of pigs by calling them a sequester. So maybe it's the rat moving through a snake or something. It's a delayed effect approach. The sequester reduced the amount of money that Congress allows to be committed by the Department of Defense and by the other federal agencies. So it really starts there. The in-year effect of the sequester is a reduction in the department's ability to obligate fundamentally. That reduction takes some time to translate into revenue impacts as the department actually has to turn a reduced level appropriations into specific contractual commitments. And then those contractual commitments, once they're made, they play out over the life of the contracts as revenues. So that creates this delayed effect in realizing the impact on revenues resulting from the sequester. And if you kind of stand back and look at the different types of businesses in our company and in our industry, the shorter-cycle businesses will realize this effect the first, of course, because that delay effect is shorter. And the longer-cycle businesses will see it over a longer period of time. And I think as you reflected in your question, awards is really the leading indicator of that effect. And as I think I indicated in my remarks, we expect to see the impacts on revenue, earnings and, of course, cash flows trail that impact on awards over time. And as I think Jim mentioned, when we were thinking about our guidance, obviously, we're having to reflect the best knowledge that we have today. That guidance does assume that the sequester does not result in cancellations or terminations of our significant programs. But clearly, there's still uncertainty regarding the ultimate impact of the sequester, particularly as we look out into next year. And I think your question went to, what should we be thinking about in terms of the effects on awards and book-to-bill? I wish I knew. We have yet to see that as we go through this year. I think the real test will be what does the third and fourth quarter of this year look like? So essentially, the last quarter of this fiscal year and the first quarter of the new fiscal year. That will inform us a lot. It certainly will inform us on how 2014 will look. And it's very likely that this is going to negatively impact sales in 2014. I'll say it as clearly as I can in that regard. To think that the sequester somehow just dissipates and goes away and doesn't impact the future is putting your head in the sand. So we expect there will be some continuing impact over time. The magnitude of that impact in 2014 is hard to predict. As I indicated, we've got a bunch of things in front of us. We have to work our way through the actual implementation of the current sequester. We have the debt ceiling issues in front of us over the course of the summer, which may or may not impact the outcome for the budgets for next year and how Congress deals with the President's budget that was put forward. And we also have in front of us the overall strategy review that Secretary Hagel has launched, which is standing back to take kind of a broader look at the national strategy in light of overall budget constraints. So obviously, it would be a little bit foolish to try and speculate on how that works out for 2014. But in aggregate, given the impact of the sequester this year, I think it's fair to project that it will have a negative impact on 2014 revenues.
Wesley G. Bush: I do think there are some effects in there that probably flow through before others. We know -- I think everyone is aware that the O&M budgets are under the most immediate stress. So the components of the IS business that connect to the O&M accounts see it first. The Army budget is also a component of sales, and IS is, I think, probably even under more pressure from a longer perspective, not necessarily quarter-to-quarter but from a longer perspective. So if I had to pick apart sort of the customer community drivers, I would say those are more immediate. But the reality is, as Jim said, all of our customers across the board are dealing with this. There was not real flexibility provided to the department with the [indiscernible] sequester. So it's kind of as we thought it would be should this happen kind of across the board.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, they're all having to deal with the sequestered budget amounts, and they're all dealing with it in somewhat different ways. But ultimately, and I'm not just talking about the quarter, I'm talking about our kind of -- our view over the year, we expect to see it manifest kind of across that board.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Joe, thanks for the question. Our approach to that, and we've been at this now for a few years in IS, has been to step away from the components of that space that are going in the directions that you described. And so part of what you've seen in terms of our top line in IS have been very focused decisions about where we're just not going to be in that part of the market. And as I said, we've been at that for a while. I think you can see the benefit of that thinking in our -- in terms of our operating margin rate because we've been able to continue to generate good margins in the space by being much more selective in the parts of it where we compete. So if I pull that thread a bit, IS has probably more hardware in it than I think most people realize. If you look at the work that we do for the Department of Defense and the communications arena where within IS, we're building the C&I avionics for the Joint Strike Fighter. If you look at actually much of the work that we do for the Army that has hardware in content, those parts of the business certainly require a lot more engineering content, they require intellectual property investment and create positions for us that are not just the sort of commodity IT business framework that is often seen in the space characterized by IS. If you look at the broader systems work that we do, that is generally characterized by also a lot of engineering content, whether we're building large command and control systems. And missile defense is sort of a classic example of the work that we do in IS in that regard. Those areas are classes of businesses that when you compare within our IS sector to other companies, other companies sometimes put that in, something they would call electronics or missile defense or some other nomenclature for the title of the business. So I am not as concerned about what we're seeing in the more commodity part of what I would sort of call the IT services businesses out there because that's a relatively small part of our business. We do have some of that, and we've made decisions to keep pieces of it where it connects to the higher value, sort of longer investment perspective components of the business. So I do wonder sometimes if we're doing ourselves a disservice by calling it information systems. But quite frankly, in terms of what it actually does, it provides information systems to our customer community. And I don't want to re-label it just from – put a different banner on it from a Street perspective. I want to make sure that our team understands their charter and what they're out there to do. But the overall vector for that business, I think, is good over the longer period of time. Clearly, as I said, it is a shorter-cycle business. Most parts of it are. And so we'll see some of those effects sooner. But when I think about this for the long term, I like what I see, I like what we're doing and I think it's going to continue to be an important part of our company.
Wesley G. Bush: Let me ask Steve to do that, Steve Movius. Steve, as most of you know, was formally the CFO of our IS business and I think has a good framework for describing that.
Wesley G. Bush: My perspective on adjacencies is it's a perspective that any healthy company should always be looking at its portfolio of capabilities and figuring out how to create value. I think the experience of our industry suggests that the longer you have to stretch out your tape measure to measure how adjacent it is, the less likely it is that you're going to really create value. So you have to be very thoughtful both around the real -- the practical application of the technology and a company's ability to understand and navigate the channels to market. It turns out channels to market is every bit as important as the product that you think you have. So our experience generally has been that there's more value to be gained by partnering effectively with other companies that simply have those channels to market and understand the economics and the consumer, if you will, demands that are in those spaces. So I would say there is a value creation opportunity out there for the broader use of technology. You just have to be very thoughtful about how you pursue that and the degree to which you focus the resource of the company in that direction versus sticking to your knitting.
Wesley G. Bush: No, I would not. It's more an opportunity space that I would say that we look at, and that comes and goes over time, depending on where those technologies might actually connect. If you turn back the clock to the latter part of the '90s, there was a rapid growth in the telecom space that needed a class of technologies that derived from the defense industry. So a number of companies, ours included, were able to navigate that and creates some meaningful value during that time through some very thoughtful approaches to partnering with other companies to leverage that technology. So it's a little bit dependent on what else is going on in the economy and where the needs are. And that's really, I would say, the way we think about it. We're mindful of it, we look at it, but it's not the primary motivator of our strategy, obviously. We're a global security company, and we keep that in mind.
Wesley G. Bush: Bill, it's Wes. Let me -- I'll just add to what Jim had to say on this, just one other little piece to think about. And I think this is kind of a broader market perspective. Our customers are clearly feeling the most intensity of the pressure in the near term around the O&M part of the budget. And obviously, the appropriations process tried to relieve a little bit of that, that they went through. But any of the businesses that are tightly connected to the O&M part of the budget, when we think through all the factors that Jim just described, that's a factor that really weighs in to our thought process. If you think about what's going on at DoD itself, they pay for their civilian workforce out of that O&M budget, and they're talking still about having to furlough some folks. And when we're down to that level of furloughing and impacting readiness, we've heard the Secretary of the Air Force talk about just these awful effects of having to stand down training flights. When we're having to make those kinds of decisions as a nation, relative to the impacts of the sequester, it just really makes that part of the budget risk factors stand up for us and makes us even more sensitive to potential decisions our customers might have to make in light of the things that are weighing on them already. So I just think it's important to keep in mind what our customers are having to work their way through in light of this somewhat ridiculous budget situation.
Wesley G. Bush: The way I would characterize that is things are taking longer to get done, and I think part of that is just a reflection of the turmoil that our customers are having to deal with. And there's always a natural inclination to try and push back on the margin rates and other aspects of the contracts. Our approach to that has been, and I don't think we're alone in this, when you're looking at a total cost picture, the place to go to save the money is the 90%, not the 10%; the 90% of cost, not the 10% of fee or whatever the right percentages are on a particular contract. So our approach has been to very aggressively go after cost, cost from a cost structure standpoint and cost from a programmatic standpoint. And I think in the places where we're able to demonstrate to our customer community that we are making progress in that regard, I think that helps this overall discussion immensely. In the areas where the customers aren't satisfied with progress on that, then yes, there is a tougher discussion around what is the appropriate fee or incentive structure to help motivate improvements in overall cost. And so yes, I would say there's more intensity around that. But to-date, I think we've been in a position where we've been able to work with our customer community to get to outcomes that we view as fair.
Wesley G. Bush: Each time we get into a discussion around an acquisition approach, the ultimate manifestation of that risk is contract type. And there is, I would say, more intensity around what should be fixed price, what should be fixed price incentive versus cost plus. And I would say we were seeing a little bit of a tilt, I think almost an overcorrection tilt in the direction of fixed price or fixed price incentives for a while. If you look at the communication that Frank Kendall has been putting out and, I would say, all of the service acquisition executives have been working on, I think there's a growing recognition that, that might have gone a little bit too far and that there are really some things that the department really wants to be cost plus or perhaps FPI that were getting pushed towards FFP. So I think there's a natural pendulum sort of cycle that we see in this, and my sense is it's -- there's a little bit of a correction occurring right now. But the pressures of the budget environment do cause individual program offices to have to rethink that and figure out how they actually do their budgeting from a total cost, not just what they're putting on contract but also their margin or their risk assessment. So it's a bigger -- I would say a bigger part of the dialogue, bigger part of the discussion. But again, that's on us as well, that's on the industry and in our company, in particular, to be very clear about what that risk balance is.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Cai, it's Wes. Let me just say sort of broadly, yes, I agree with you, everybody defines cyber somewhat differently. It is one of these fields that's rapidly emerging. And as we all begin to realize, and by we, I include our customer community, the tentacles of cyber and the necessity of connecting it so intimately to other components of the floor structure, I don't think there's going to be an exact, precise definition that everybody can look to and say, "That's an airplane and that's cyber." Right? I think it's going to be one of these things where we're going to have to build our way into a common understanding. So as we have worked our definition of it, it has emerged over time from sort of the initial view that was all about maybe defense and offense in the network domain to now include situational awareness more broadly in the network domain. And then beyond that, it became clear that we needed to embed cyber capabilities into platforms and other systems that we're selling. So there's an embedded component of it. And then I would say, even beyond that, there's a growing recognition of cyber as an integral component and perhaps the right words for basically the broader category of non-kinetic capability that is inclusive of things that may have historically been called electronic warfare. So we are thoughtful in how we look at each piece and how we describe it, but I think what you're seeing from us is more a reflection of the way that we would characterize the components of our portfolio that match to our customers' emerging definition of cyber. And as that definition continues to change, we're going to try and keep up with it and actually help influence the perspectives on those tentacles of cyber. So I apologize if that's not a precise definition for you, but it is a reflection of an evolving field and a field whose tentacles are increasingly intertwined in just about every other component of the defense architecture. So given that, to the second part of your question, growth, I mentioned in my comments that we were pleased to see the amount of funding that is evident in the President's budget for what I would say is more traditional cyber, the definition of defense, offense and situational awareness. But there are components of the President's budget associated with the other parts of the defense infrastructure that are reflective of the need to embed cyber in those as well. So it's probably not going to help from a modeling perspective, what I just said, but I think from an understanding perspective, it's important to recognize that this is going to be a moving target for a while, which I think emphasizes its importance.
Wesley G. Bush: It's growing. It's growing rapidly. And trying to put a number on it would have to pin down the current state definition on any particular day. But it's double-digit growth.
Wesley G. Bush: Hard to tell yet. The challenge here, obviously, that we're all struggling through in '13 is we've got to deal with a full year sequester in half a year. And so our customers are just really struggling to sort that out. And I have to say, I admire them for how they're managing their way through this because it is so challenging. Trying to predict where this goes on a '14 or '15 basis is difficult from a variety of perspectives that I [indiscernible] before, trying to predict how the FY '14 budget process will work out, trying to predict the results of the strategy review, those are all sort of big challenges. We are managing. And I would say broadly across the industry, we are managing because we are having to scale to go with what's happening. And it's not what we'd prefer to do, but it's what we know how to do and we are going to do it. And having some lead time on decision-making is always helpful so we can try and do this in a way that is most efficient. But ultimately, as I've said very broadly, and I don't want anyone to sort of hear that we're relaxed about this because we are not, the impact of the sequester will have long-term impacts, even if it just gets turned off for '14 and beyond. The fact that we had it this year will have a ripple effect. And if it goes on very long, I think just about anyone in our industry would tell you we are concerned about the impacts on our supply chain and we're concerned about the impacts on our workforce and we're concerned about how long it takes to turn the engines back on when the nation needs it. And history shows, the nation will need it. So I don't want anyone to hear that this is just sort of business as usual, we'll figure it all out and everything will be fine. It's the wrong answer for our country.
Wesley G. Bush: I'm not going to speculate. It's -- there are a lot -- there are so many factors out there. I think it would be foolish to speculate.
Wesley G. Bush: Fundamentally, our biggest lever has been our ability to manage our overhead structure in the company. And as I've said on earlier calls, we've been on a several year path to reduce headcount and reduce facilities, as well as address other components of that cost structure, including pension, that we think have been necessary to help address that. The next phase of it obviously is programmatic. And every program in our company is addressing that in some meaningful way. And ultimately, it depends on the nature of the individual program. So we look at cost in a total composite. We've had, I would say, more flexibility or opportunity in going after the overall cost structure, overhead cost components. But we are being very aggressive on it program by program.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Steve. I'd just like to wrap up today by thanking our employees for all that they're doing to ensure that we continue to support the men and women of our military services and our intelligence communities as they deal with this very challenging budget environment. The sequester does have real negative impacts on these great people who serve our country, and it's imperative that we all give them our support. So thanks again for all of you on the call today for your continuing interest in our company. Thanks for joining us.
James F. Palmer: Yes, Doug, this is Jim. As I said in my comments, really, the declines we saw this year or this quarter, quarter-over-quarter, were across the broad portfolio of programs. I don't know that I would characterize it as necessarily in 1 particular area or not. Again, I think as we all know, this the shortest cycle business we have. It's likely to be the first impacted. And it's probably also likely to be the first that starts to turn up when there is an upturn.
James F. Palmer: And Doug, to be real clear here, we really haven't seen that large of impacts from sequestration at this point. Largely, the declines that we saw were what we -- I would characterize as expected based on an overall budget decline environment.
James F. Palmer: Yes, Sam, I haven't done your math, but as I noted, earnings adjustments are down this quarter, I would think, to a more, if you will, normal level. Last year, admittedly, was -- had very favorable positive adjustments. Didn't think they would be able to be sustained at that level. Ultimately, the margin rates for the 4 sectors in the company reflected in our overall guidance. I feel comfortable with that. Clearly, we're going to push the organization to do better. Part of the improvement, as I noted, in margin rates is a result of the actions that we've taken over time that allowed us to harvest the benefit on our existing backlog of contracts. We'll realize that benefit over the life of that backlog set of contracts. In a go-forward basis, we'll negotiate new contracts reflecting the current cost at that point in time.
James F. Palmer: Yes. In terms of guidance, you might imagine in this environment, we look at a whole number of -- a whole bunch of possible scenarios that have different sales levels for all the different organizations. And as I do that, look at all those potentials, as I said, I come back to an answer that tells me that our overall guidance is supportive of what may -- what I would expect to happen for the year. Yes, there's going to be some variation among the sectors as we go through the year and get a better clarification around whether or not there's going to be specific programs affected by sequestration. The timing of when those occur will have an impact on this year's sales. But again, on an overall basis, I feel good about the overall guidance. I would point out that TS, for example, there are some programmatic effects that occur this year. The ICBM program will be down on a year-over-year basis, just as part of that programmatic change in the program, and that has been reflected in our thoughts about overall guidance at the beginning of the year for the TS environment, as well as the total company.
James F. Palmer: Yes. Carter, I'd characterize -- our approach here is to be mindful of all the risk that are inherent in our business and then the plan for the possibilities that they all may occur; at the same time, to be balanced, if you will, across the -- we don't guide on a quarterly basis, obviously, on share repurchases. So we've talked about our plan for the year. I really don't see a change in that plan at this point in time. I think we're on pace to do that. And at the same time, we're mindful of the potential risk around the debt ceiling situation here in the summer and feel comfortable that we're able to deal with that as well.
James F. Palmer: I'll take the second one first. Move away from the so-called quick pay methodology that occurred in the first quarter impacted cash flows by, I would estimate, about $100 million, negatively impacted cash flows by about $100 million. In terms of movement from milestone payments to progress payments, George, you'd have to look at the broad portfolio of programs. It is, as you know, just a timing question. You do get paid. It's just how quickly do you get paid. And so we continue to work these issues on a program-by-program basis, contract-by-contract, if you will. Some progress, sometimes not so good. But again, I feel good about the overall guidance for cash for the year.
James F. Palmer: George, if I may. If you really think about our business, we are a consolidation, conglomeration of a bunch of programs or contracts. Much of the cost on any of those contracts are people-related cost and supply cost. So the vast majority of our cost is essentially tied to our individual contracts or programs, and we can respond based on what happens to those contracts or programs.
