James F. Palmer: Yes, we set those targets a number of years ago by looking at the performance of our peers over a long period of time, and we used them to incentivize our organization to improve and drive performance. It's worked really well. I tend to think of those not necessarily as targets, if you will, but more of a benchmark on what our businesses ought to generate over a long period of time. We continue to strive to do better than those "targets" or benchmarks. We have done better than that. We've been very successful in using them as a motivation for our team to do better, and I continue to believe that they are applicable, as I said, over a long period of time looking at the performance that we and our peers have generated during that period of time. I find that they tend to be supported by many of our major peers as well. So all in all, I think they have served us well. They continue to be that benchmark that we refer to and using to strive to do much better. As I said, we continue to incent our team to drive performance, and it really has been beneficial in doing that. So I'm comfortable with them as they are.
James F. Palmer: Cai, from memory, the F-35 this year was around $1 billion in terms of revenue and about $1 billion would be the expectation for next year as well. You know we don't comment on profitability by individual programs, so I'm really not going to go there. We are working hard to be a teammate with our friends at Lockheed and support the program. We're doing well in our pieces of the work, and I would characterize our margins at this point as basically as I would expect given the stage of the program.
James F. Palmer: On the F-35, I don't really see a step-up in terms of volume until about 2016 given that the current plan for quantities.
James F. Palmer: If we want to talk about aerospace in total, we still have a very good strong mix of new development-type programs. And I don't think that changes much over that couple of year period of time going forward. So the good news is, continued growth on new opportunities will be important as that portfolio transitions over time.
James F. Palmer: Oh, okay. I think that the guys, the team at ES is just doing a fabulous job over the last few years. They really have driven up the margins. We've worked really hard to reduce the negative adjustments that part of that business has been plagued by over looking back 3 or 4 years or so. And at low to mid-14s, I think they're going to just have a great year.
James F. Palmer: I don't think so. We do have -- did have in 2012 a number of programs or contracts reached the end of their production or life. And as well, did get a benefit from the cost-reduction activities that we undertook at ES and at the company in '11 and in '12 had a big impact or favorable impact on their contracts. And as you know, you give those up as you go forward with new contracts. All of that are factors into that overall margin rate expectation for ES for 2013. Having said that, you bet we're going to push to get us the very best performance that we can out of that part of the business and every other part of the business.
James F. Palmer: You bet, we did our annual impairment test. And just like last year, the most sensitive piece of our businesses is IS, and we do have a cushion. It's not real large, if you want to call it that or look at it from that perspective, but we're comfortable with where we are at the end of the year and as we go forward, we'll do the test again based on new information when we have it.
James F. Palmer: It's down a little bit from last year, and frankly, the cushion is a combination of a whole bunch of different factors. Obviously, interest rates play into the discount rate on the use of discount cash flows that has an impact on terminal value, has an impact on pension liability. All those are factors in the overall calculation, but it does start with the expected cash flows from the business. And our guys at IS, although revenues were down, we still expect that they'll have reasonably healthy margins given our guidance for 2013, and again, comfortable with where we are.
James F. Palmer: Yes, roughly the same. Obviously, for planning purposes, we've assumed that it's generally proportionate throughout the year, which equates to about a little bit more actually. It's price dependent, obviously.
James F. Palmer: Well, actually, if you think about the comments that we just went through pro rata a little bit more than last year, dividends and our free cash flow guidance for 2013, you're at 100% if not maybe more than 100% just with that.
James F. Palmer: If I have, let me try to answer. $1.7 billion to $2 billion on free cash flow, and let's call that midpoint of $1.8 billion or something like that. $500 million for dividends, round numbers. If I have a similar amount of share repurchases to last year's, that's $1.8 billion, midpoint of that free cash flow. Got CapEx. That free cash flow is out of that. But then if I spend any money at all on things like funding the pension plan or other opportunities, and clearly, as we tried to outline, we're in an uncertain environment, so we do want some financial flexibility to be able to deal with that. I think I'm, on one hand, I'm continuing to do what we've set out to do and have done over the last few years with deploying cash to invest in the business, to manage our pension plans and return excess cash to shareholders and provide us with financial flexibility to deal with this uncertain fiscal environment that we're in at this point in time.
James F. Palmer: No. I really think about it as those overall margin rate as opposed to what kind of level of adjustments do I need to have to get there.
James F. Palmer: Yes. As you all know, the hardest bit in this business on cash flow projection is working capital. So right now, the guidance anticipates a use of working capital anywhere from, let's call it, $50 million to $250 million for the year. Cash taxes and tax expense roughly about the same, maybe $50 million greater on cash taxes. And then the other variable in that whole range of EBITDA to free cash flow is, first of all, stock compensation, about $100 million and then CapEx of around $400 million for the year.
James F. Palmer: We tendered for all of that or much of that in 2010. We actually tendered for $1.9 billion at the time and were able to pry out about $800 million. We continue to look at it, continue to look at who holds it and the likelihood that they might be receptive to tenders. And at this point, we haven't been able to convince ourselves that something like that makes sense given who the holders are of that -- largely of that high-coupon debt.
James F. Palmer: Well, I would say that we have an increasingly tougher environment. At the same time, we're working very hard to make sure that on all the new contracts we get reasonable terms and conditions, that our cost estimates fairly reflect what we think our cost are to do the work. As I did mention earlier, we have taken -- we tried to get out ahead of what we saw as a decline starting in 2011. We did take a number of actions to reduce, as Wes said, our footprint and our headcount. We did get a benefit in 2012 on our backlog for those activities. And our backlog normally runs about 1.5 years. If you get all the benefit on 1.5 years, you get a year's worth in '12, you don't have a whole lot left, do you? So it's a combination of just what we see in the marketplace in terms of the environment and the actions we've taken that have resulted in favorable performance adjustments. As I said, we have also worked very hard to reduce the quantity and the quantum of any of our problem programs and been, I think, pretty successful with that. So it's really just that look at the entire portfolio of programs and where we stand that lead to our judgment around those margin rates for 2013, which I think are really strong operating performance, particularly in light of our benchmarks for the types of businesses we're in, which, as I said, largely are confirmed by many of our peers, both in their guidance for this year, as well as their performance. So all in all, I think we're doing a pretty good job.
James F. Palmer: I've said a number of times publicly that I think even in this environment, that we're going to have relatively strong free cash flows as we look forward. I really don't see -- we've had strong cash flows. I continue to expect that we will have those relatively strong cash flows, free cash flows on a go-forward basis. I don't know what else to tell you there.
James F. Palmer: Joe, backlog is a function of obviously contracts and the genuine performance of contracts. A contributor to our backlog this year is the NATO AGS contract. It extends over 5 years or so. So when you get a contract like that, it adds to your overall backlog numbers as well as the period of performance that goes with that. So that's principally the factor that you're seeing that's contributing to growth in backlog dollars, and you perform those contracts, as I said, over about a 5-year period of time.
James F. Palmer: I'm kind of disappointed. I didn't get my normal FAS/CAS pension question. Let me try to answer what I would have anticipated to be your questions. So we talked about our FAS and CAS guidance for 2013, and if I look forward to, let's say 2015, 2 years out, I would expect based on no change in our assumptions that our FAS cost would decline about $130 million and that CAS cost would increase about $300 million or the net FAS/CAS change being about $430 million. 2014 is probably halfway in between the 2013 numbers and the 2014 numbers. Spent some time this morning talking about the current environment, the possibility that we're faced with at least an uncertain defense budget and likely a declining defense budget. So clearly, in that environment, the emphasis on affordability is so important. So growth in CAS cost isn't necessarily good as it does add to the affordability challenge that we all face in light of that environment. So we are working really hard to reduce both FAS and our CAS cost. And if we find ourselves in a rising interest rate environment, as you know from our past conversations, that rising interest rate has a near-term impact on our FAS cost, and we would look at that today at being every 25 basis points is in a range of $85 million to $90 million. However, because of MAP-21, a rising interest rate environment over the near-term likely doesn't have nearly the impact on FAS as it does on CAS and on funding. So ultimately, besides rising interest rates over a long term, the important levers for reducing or controlling your FAS cost or CAS cost rather, CAS cost as well as funding are first of all, investment performance. Our 10-year compound annual rate of return is just under 10%. And then you have to manage the provisions of your plans. We have capped entrants to the pension plan back in 2008, as I recall. So any new employees do not have the same pension benefits as the past. And then last year, we announced another change for our pension plans that essentially capped growth in compensation cost, all of which are aimed at reducing that CAS cost on a go-forward basis. So we've been working really hard. I know you all are interested in those trends around FAS and CAS, so I wanted to give you that flavor as you work your models, but this is going to be an important item as we go forward. So Wes, with that I think we're ready to close.
Wesley G. Bush: Jason, this is Wes. I think we all recognize that this year, with the continuing resolution that we have in place, much less some of the uncertainties that we see as potentials on the horizon, that book-to-bill is going to be under pressure and getting to a 1.0 book-to-bill would be a tremendous outcome. We don't guide on book-to-bill or awards each year, but I would say anything close to 1 for 2013 would be a great outcome.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, it really depends on the business space that we see on the horizon, and all of that sort of depends on some of these budgetary decisions that get made. To the extent that the there are more severe budgetary outcomes than the Presidents FY '13 budget would suggest, then yes, there's a -- it will go with that. We will need to scale -- continue to scale the operations and continue to address whatever comes our way. I think we've shown we know how to do that. It's not something we'd rather do in terms of dealing with a more severely depressed budget than the Pentagon is already trying to manage its way through, but we do certainly have the capacity and know how to get that done. If things were pretty much on track for the budget, just from my perspective, there's always room for more, and we're going to continue to push and drive efficiency in our corporation. I'm not going to set any public targets on how much more we can get there, but I think I would just say that the market should be informed by the work that we've been doing, that we are determined at ensuring that we can be very, very competitive from a cost structure perspective, and that goes to every aspect of cost. And that we can be putting forward the most affordable concepts and approaches for our customers who are dealing in a much more tightly constrained environment. So it really is a responsibility that we see to support our customers to be most cost efficient as possible.
Wesley G. Bush: Doug, it touches every one of our sectors in some way. In the large sort of hardware-oriented parts of our business, we have a whole variety of programs that are undergoing that transition. Whether it's unmanned systems like BAMS, even things that are at the very early stages of development, where you want to go out and do long lead that are associated with production. Those -- it would be too long a list to go through. I mean, they're all touched in some way. And then clearly, the shorter-cycle businesses, both Information Systems and Technical Services, deal with this at a much higher rate because the nature of a short-cycle business is you've got to start the new programs more frequently. And when you're constrained in your ability to do that, it really hamstrings the customer community and us from doing that in the most efficient way. Ultimately, what you end up seeing happen in those types of business, our current programs, our services approach get strung out. And while that can be good in some respects, ultimately that's usually not the best answer for the customer either. So I hate to give you too general of an answer to that question, but the detailed answer would be incredibly detailed, and that we see this environment with those types of very tight restrictions really touching all the components of the business. And I think that's why you're hearing -- well, it's one of many reasons why you're hearing the department be so vocal about the CR approach and how constraining it is, and they're attempting to be very clear with the Hill that resolving these restrictions as we come to the end of March and the current CR expires is a necessity for them to be able to really operate the department in a more efficient manner. If we're talking about saving money for the government, efficiency matters, and so that's a critical message.
Wesley G. Bush: The work that we've been doing to get ready for the variety of scenarios is both broad and deep. And I guess I should start just by saying that I'm clear about this, I'm not going to speculate on what scenario might lie in front of us, whether it's sequestration or problems associated with the CR that I was referencing in relation to Doug's question. There's clearly a lot of uncertainty on how this whole situation's going to get addressed and the fact that we're seeing now... [Audio Gap] scenarios you think will come into play. But the other think that I think is really important to point out here and sometimes gets lost a little bit in some of this dialogue is, our primary obligation is to successfully execute on the portfolio of contracts that we've taken on. And so the planning work that we're doing is trying to be mindful of what might happen, but also have its primary objective, do no harm. To make sure that we really can and do continue to execute really, really well. When we think about all of these different scenarios, I think to the question you're asking, we have to think about it in terms of contractual, potential contractual actions that our customers would take and traditionally that's what would trigger any particular sequence of events on our side, whether it's delay in terms of slowing a contract down or in a more ugly situation, termination for convenience on the part of the customer. Naturally, as a part of our process, we have gone through our full set of contracts, and we understand what the issues and approaches would be associated with those variety of potential customer actions, and they all vary by scenario, and we're certainly prepared to address those if we have to. In general, as I was remarking earlier to Doug's comment, it adds cost. It adds cost to the department to have to go through and do those things in a period of time when the nation's trying to minimize outlays, the idea of adding cost is not a really good idea. And what's interesting to me is, I don't see folks on the Hill adding up the numbers that go with all of those additional costs that will get created by that massive inefficiency that would result. The other part of the planning process that's also very important is the people part of this. And this isn't just about contracts, contracts turn into work that real people perform, and these are individuals whose skills are precious resources in our country. These are the skills that enable the companies and the Defense Industrial Base to provide the technological superiority upon which our nation's strategy, our national security strategy relies. And so part of our challenge, as we think our way through this, is being ready to address how we most diligently and carefully manage that precious resource of capability that we're going to need to make sure that we preserve our ability to continue to support the nation as we go through this challenge. And I would say that, in my mind, is the most challenging part of this. We're talking about extraordinarily good people who have lots of opportunities and making sure that they see our industry as a great place to continue their careers despite these budgetary pressures. That's something we're all working hard on because we know that ultimately that determines the success of our ability to support the mission that we're here to serve.
Wesley G. Bush: Jim, I would just add that similar to your earlier remarks around aerospace, ES has been very successful these last couple of years in capturing some new development work as well. And as you all know that the margin rates during the development cycle are generally less, and I think we'll see some of that too.
Wesley G. Bush: I think a lot of that goes back to the point I was making earlier around affordability. Clearly, as the department's budgets are under increasing pressure, our customer community needs our industrial base to drive additional efficiencies into the way that we do business, which we've been busily doing now for several years, and they need good ideas. They need the innovation that can come out of our industry to suggest alternative approaches to getting things done. So I think, just thinking about it very broadly, the competitive environment is going to be very healthy. I think everyone's working on cost and everyone's working on innovation. And hopefully, we're all going to be able to not only be competitive with each other, but be supportive of our customers in this more difficult period of time. It is going to be a challenging competitive environment. I don't want to sound dismissive of that at all. Those of us who had been through defense downturns in the past have that experience under our belt and understand very clearly what that means. But that's part of the reason we've been doing the work we've been doing to get ready for this.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, Myles, I'll just add. We continue to see share repurchase as a very important part of our overall balanced cash deployment strategy. We think that has been serving our shareholders well, and it has been a good use of our cash. We do think about our business over the longer cycle and that's the perspective that we have in mind when we're thinking about our approach in share repurchase in particular. So it continues to be a very attractive mechanism for cash deployment for us.
Wesley G. Bush: George, I've remarked on this just a little bit earlier that in the event of sequestration or other budgetary actions, our first challenge is going to be addressing whatever contractual changes come along. But ultimately, we have to scale cost structure with that, and that's what our planning has been focused on, to enable us to do that in a smart way so that we're not doing something that undermines our ability to perform for the long term. But we worked our way through those scenarios and are certainly ready to take on the variety of scenarios. Ultimately though, in any of those outcomes, first and foremost, we're going to have to deal with the contractual matters.
Wesley G. Bush: And we look at the voluntary pension amounts sort of on a year-by-year basis depending on what's going on in the marketplace and the economic benefit that we see by making those contributions. So that is something that we do look at and make decisions based on the environment. And a look to the longer term as well.
Wesley G. Bush: And Joe, in my earlier commentary, I sort of went through the components of the -- of about roughly $1 billion differential in sales. So I don't know if you caught that commentary, but it might be helpful in addressing your question as well.
Wesley G. Bush: There's a whole variety of activities that we're pursuing, and I like your perspective on it, that we all do need to keep looking down the road because the nation's going to continue to need a Defense Industrial Base, and we're going to continue to need that technological superiority that the industrial base provides. Next Generation Jammer is an exciting opportunity. We've been working on that now for some time. Our teaming with Exelis was driven by a view of how do we bring the very best offering to our customer. And we saw in the team at Exelis some great capability that when combined with ours, we believe is a compelling offer. So that relationship is going well, and I'm looking forward to continuing it. There are whole series of opportunities of that nature and some even larger scale as we look on the horizon. Clearly, both the Air Force and the Navy, and I would add to that, the intelligence community really need to position their capabilities to align with the nation's evolving national security strategy. This pivot to Asia-Pacific has brought implications on the types of capabilities that are going to be needed, that range from aircraft, unmanned and manned. They range to sensor systems, the C4ISR domain. And also, cyber continues to be just a heck of a challenge for our country, and we think it's going to continue to be a challenge. So across that array of sort of broad mission areas, there are whole array of specific programmatic targets, both '13 and '14, that we are investing in and continuing to push hard on. One point I would make in response to your question, that even while we're seeing a perhaps tougher environment around the top lines, we're committed to continuing to invest for the future here. We think that -- we feel very strongly that it's going to be imperative that the Defense Industrial Base continue to bring innovation to the nation's capabilities and investing now is going to be important for our ability to serve for the long term.
Wesley G. Bush: Joe, there's only so much I can say about that, but I will say that they too are subject to the legislation around the CR and potentially, if we were to get to the sequester, those issues as well. So they're having to address that in a very prudent manner and address it from a planning perspective as well. So these budgetary effects sometimes just get a stamp on it associated with the Department of Defense, but they hit everybody. And I think it's important to understand that from a broad policymaking perspective, that this really does span across government, all the functions of government.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, it's hard to square that, Howard, I appreciate your question. It's clear to us that when Congress, and then particularly those in Congress who are charged with addressing specific matters associated with the functioning of our government, when they're given the latitude to dig in and really address a particular issue, they're able to do that strategically, and they're able to make great decisions. When there is this broad umbrella approach to trying to deal with the bigger challenges without dealing with the strategy, you get to these other approaches that really don't make sense from a strategic perspective. On Block 30, I would just say that we continue to be pleased with the performance in-theater of those systems. They're in very high demand by the combatant commanders, and we were just delighted to see the Authorization Act support the continuation of Block 30. We continue to work with the Air Force to provide more affordable approaches to sustaining that program because we think that will be something that's going to be important to the country's ability to conduct its surveillance mission for a long time. So I would just say, it's sort of a contrast between the processes, when the Congressional processes that have been developed over many years to work on and deal with the authorization and appropriations for specific components of government are allowed to do their jobs, I think we get to very good rational outcomes. When there's this broad across-the-board meat-axe approach, we get to really bad outcomes.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, we've been doing a lot of work on that over the past few years. Jim alluded earlier to the fact that it wasn't that long ago, 4 or so years ago that we had a serious list of red programs that we kept talking to you all about, it seemed like every quarter. So the focus on performance in our company is not just about margin rates. It goes to performance for our customers as well. It starts with quality. It starts with the quality of our processes and the quality of how we approach getting the work done, and I'm not just talking about quality coming out the end of the production line. It's the quality of engineering, it's the qualitative of contracting, it's all of those aspects. So we're not perfect. I wouldn't want anybody to hear that we think we are somehow reaching a point of perfection in any way. We have still a lot of work to do as any honest organization would tell you. But we have substantially reduced the number of programs in our portfolio that are demonstrating those performance variations, in part because I think we've made good progress on our risk management methodologies. And for those programs that are in sort of the bottom 10%, I would characterize them as those where the risk that we've identified and been working to manage still find a way to manifest in some way, but we're able to get on it more quickly and more aggressively, and we've become a lot better about utilizing the resources of the entire corporation to go after them when those problems pop up. So still work to do, still, I think, to some extent inevitable in the technologically complex environment in which we operate, but a lot better place than we were a few years ago.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Jim and Steve. Let me just wrap up with a couple of thank yous. First, thank you to our employees for their incredible focus on performance and serving our customers. Our 2012 outcomes are due to the hard work of our team, and we all sincerely appreciate that. And secondly, thanks to all of you for your continuing interest in our company. We appreciate you being with us on the call today. Thanks, everyone.
