James F. Palmer: Well, we did talk and have talked for quite a while about a balanced cash deployment strategy, investing in our business, managing the balance sheet, competitive dividend and returning excess cash to shareholders. We do take a long-term view of the company, its portfolio, the strength of the portfolio, the cash generation capability of our company, and all those factors go into our thoughts around our share repurchase program. So I think that pretty well sums up our thinking. It really has not changed from where we've been over the last number of years. As I tried to say in my summary comments, barring any major program changes, I would expect the performance that we've had in '13 to continue into '14 and likely beyond.
James F. Palmer: We make decisions, essentially, every day around our repurchase program. We tend to approach our repurchase program with a 10b5-1 program that we put in place for a period of time based on a grid that does vary the amount of purchases based on share price. Now we look at that grid on a regular basis whenever we put a new program in place.
James F. Palmer: Well, as I thought about the guidance range and, essentially, the sector operating margins, probably the biggest variable is both AS and ES, our largest segments, those would be probably the largest variables. And really, it's going to come down to individual program performance. Largely, in those 2 sectors, I would think, would be the major variables. I don't know that we're going to have a lot of movement around necessarily the other 2 sectors. And tax rate probably has a little variance around it and corporate allocations. Unallocated costs always have some variance to it. And then frankly, the other variable would be weighted average shares per year.
James F. Palmer: Yes. Our business, much of it comes from the backlog in the current year. A little bit less so at IS, but for the 2 other longer-cycle businesses, much of it has come from the backlog. The other variable, frankly, would be individual program decisions that may be made during the year that, obviously, if we had a termination of a program, of a major program, unexpected at this point of time, that could be a variable as well.
James F. Palmer: Yes. But to answer your question, if I were to look ahead for the next couple years with no change in assumptions, I probably would see net FAS/CAS moving up about in the range of 200 to 225 each year '15 and '16, which essentially means that FAS is going to hold about constant where it is and CAS will move up by about that amount each year as we look through time. As you probably know, a big part of that is due to CAS harmonization. And as we go through time, that CAS harmonization does phase in. And by the end of 4 years, it's completely phased in. But CAS harmonization is essentially much more of a settlement concept, meaning heavily dependent upon interest rates, and so to the extent that interest rates do fluctuate over a period of time, that could drive a rather significant change in those assumptions around CAS, particularly in the latter years.
James F. Palmer: Well, we are looking at around $600 million in '14. And I do think the CapEx will stay -- I don't know if it's going to be at $600 million in '15 or so, but it's going to be higher than it's been over the last couple of years. You might remember in the first part of 2013, actually first quarter, we announced Aerospace Systems Centers of Excellence, moving some businesses down in there and expanding our operations down in Florida. So we're adding to capabilities down there and we're going to be building that out over the next 1.5 years for sure, maybe even a little bit longer.
James F. Palmer: Our margin guidance, Myles, is based really on our expectation for the overall margins in each of the businesses as opposed to any [ph] expectation, if you will, around individual team catch-up adjustments. As you know, we've looked at our businesses and our competitors' businesses that are similar to ours and how they view of what the benchmark margin rates ought to be for each of those businesses, and we're [ph] driving our organization to perform at the top end of those ranges. So it's really based much more on expectations, what the business ought to do. Clearly, we have an understanding of margins in our backlog, and all of those become factors in our thinking about margin rate guidance for the year.
James F. Palmer: Well, clearly, F-18 is a mature production program. We're not quite there yet on F-35. So as we transition, there may be a little bit of an impact there. But frankly, our aerospace sector is much broader than F-18s and F-35s. E-2D is an important part of that portfolio. The space part is there, equally important part, as well as the unmanned portion of the portfolio. All factors, all factor into the overall margin rates at Aerospace Systems. Again, when we look at our competitors in that business, the margins that we've been generating, I think, are really strong margins for the type of business we're in. And we'll continue to manage that business as best we really can.
James F. Palmer: George, George, George. We look at our business every year based on -- as I said, we know what's in our backlog. We have expectations what the business ought to be able to generate. Frankly, if I look at guidance for each of our businesses versus performance over the last couple of years, other than ES, the guidance is very close to what they actually have been performing at over the last couple of years. ES, on the other hand, had just an outstanding 2012 and 2013. And again, when I look at a competitive situation, those kind of margin rates on a long-term basis in that business, I just don't know that we can maintain them over that long time -- long-term period. Low- to mid-15s is really strong margins for our business. And so I'm very comfortable with our guidance for this year. There's always a possibility of changes as we go through the year, as we see actual performance. So could they do better? History would say they probably could. I look further back, history would say they could probably be a little bit worse. So on balance, I think, again, it reflects our best judgment at this point in time, of where we think each of these businesses are going to be able to perform for the year.
Wesley G. Bush: Each year, we think hard about what's in front of us in terms of the competitive environment and what our customers may or may not do. In my remarks earlier, I noted that we saw in 2013 just a general perspective in many parts of our customer community that made it difficult for them to pursue the awarding of new contracts as aggressively as I think many of them would have wanted to. And we saw some things move to the right. We may see some more of that this year. Clearly, the investment accounts continue to be under some pressure in '14 and I think in '15 as well, as the department wrestles to the ground what it's actually going to do with the appropriated amounts that are out there. And we all know it takes a little bit longer to deal with force structure and investments become a little bit more the variable as we get through that. So how do we look at '14 in that regard? I think there's going to be real pressure in the investment accounts this year just as there was last year. I think we'll gain a little bit more insight into that as we get the president's budget and can see with a little bit more clarity how the department is sorting through the profile that's going to be using to navigate through '14 and '15 as it looks forward to '16. But getting out in front of that right now, I think, would be a little bit premature. Clearly, we always want to push for a good book-to-bill, but the message that we've given the team, and I think it's important for everyone to understand, is we're looking at quality in the business not just quantity. We want to make sure that we're doing things in a way that's going to ensure that we can continue to grow our value. So that's the domestic side. The other part that I commented on in my remarks was international. We expect to see that continuing to grow this year, and there are some opportunities there that would add to the backlog as well. So we're looking at it comprehensively, and I think that's probably about the breadth of the remark I can make on book-to-bill at this point.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes. What I was referring to there is when the 2015 president's budget gets put on the table I think we'll have a better insight into potential award profiles over the next few years. And since your question related to book-to-bill and not so much sales, that award profile really drives more the book-to-bill perspective.
Wesley G. Bush: There are several things sort of across the board driving growth. Clearly, our electronics business has historically been our strongest performing internationally, and they continue to do very well in that regard. And in terms of the breadth of their footprint and the breadth of their offerings, I think we're just going to continue to see electronics have a number of broad opportunities scattered around the globe, quite frankly. The area, though, that's perhaps new in our story with respect to international is unmanned, and we've started that process with the capture of NATO AGS. And that program continues to go well and it was kind of moving up its curve, if you will, in terms of the volume it represents for Aerospace Systems. Over the course of this year, an important one to watch, of course, will be Global Hawk for Korea. And it's -- it, too, is I think a very important milestone, both in terms of the program itself, but also in terms of what it represents for exportability of this class of capability to our allies around the globe. So that's an area that, from my perspective, is one that's going to be important as we look to the future. Now our other businesses, IS and TS, also have international opportunities that range from the work that we're doing in C4ISR to Cyber to sustainment. So it's a fairly broad-based activity that we're seeing in terms of the international opportunity space in front of us. And we're, of course, thoughtful and we want to make sure that each of the steps that we take on an international basis is aligned with what our allies really need and what our customer community can support. But I will tell you that we've been seeing an increasing focus within the DoD to help make sure that our allies are able to access the capabilities that they need to both be interoperable as well as to be a bigger part of the overall global security equation. And so I'm cautiously optimistic that, that trend will continue and that we'll continue to see this expansion of footprint opportunities.
Wesley G. Bush: And, Myles, it's Wes. I would just say that from a broader perspective, that Centers of Excellence approach does a number of things for us. It helps us, over the longer term, on our affordability, which I think is a critical part of our competitiveness. It also helps us in terms of better managing our human capital base and being able to concentrate our activities in a more integrated manner and take maximum advantage of the skill sets that we have. So this is an important part of our longer-term strategy, and from our perspective, investing in our business makes a lot more sense.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes. It's Wes. Let me give you kind of a broader view. Yes, when we think about capital deployment and the approach that we think that makes the most sense, we often use the term balanced approach because we want to be investing in our business. We want to obviously take care of our pension plan as we go along, which we've been very good stewards of doing over the last number of years, as well as returning cash to shareholders. And ultimately, when we think about that overall longer-term perspective, the path that we've been on for a number of years is what has made the most sene to us. And as we've talked about our outlook for this year, we've been pretty clear that, that path continues to make the most sense to us. We go through, as every company does, a periodic review of our full range of alternatives. And as we do that, we think about what really does make the most sense for our shareholders over the longer term as well, and that has led us to the conclusion that it has put us on the path that we're on, and we continue to see that as a very, very good path. And as we indicated in our remarks, we remain focused on our goal of retiring the shares that we've outlined through the end of 2015. Trying to project where we'll be beyond the end of 2015 at this point would be, I think, a little bit too speculative. But to answer your question directly, we do think about that broad range of alternatives. And as a conclusion of that thinking, we're doing what we're doing.
Wesley G. Bush: Ron, it's Wes. I think all I can say there is that clearly we have a strong legacy in the business of providing bombers to the United States Air Force. We're proud of that history and our capability in that regard. And I think our shareholders should count on us to do the things that we think are appropriate to continue to position our company for the long term there. I think that's about all I can say on it.
Wesley G. Bush: No, nothing beyond I think what we talked about in the past. We take each of these competitions and approach them as we think is the right approach for our ability to offer and our customers' ability to offer. And when we don't win, we take that very seriously and go back and scrub and try and learn our best lessons from it. But I don't -- other than as I said what we've communicated on that in the past, I don't think we have any new perspective. It continues to be an important business area for us. The whole EW field is one that I think is going to continue to grow. So nothing about that particular outcome causes us to reevaluate being in this business. If anything, it causes us to just learn some lessons and redouble our efforts here. We think that's a very important business area.
Wesley G. Bush: Your perspective is correct. We're in a business where the results of our cost reduction activities ultimately go back to our customer over time as we go into new contracts, and that's good. I mean that's as an important part of the way our industry works. It helps us to drive affordability for our customer community during a period of time when, obviously, their budgets are under a lot more pressure. But at the same time, when we're talking about profitability, part of the challenge and opportunity that we have is to continue to figure out how to do things at an inherently lower cost, use some of the innovative capacity in our enterprise to do that, so that we do have the opportunity to continue to make a good profit on what we're doing. So there's always a balance point in this. I would say our guidance obviously reflects where we think we are in our full set of contracts from a total cost perspective and affordability perspective. But let me also be clear that we're going to continue to drive affordability. Yes, we have taken a lot of actions over the last few years to enhance our competitiveness and to reduce cost, both in headcount and in footprint, as well as in a broad variety of efficiencies in our enterprise. You're never done at working on cost, and we're going to stay at that. It continues to be an opportunity in front of us. But clearly, as we think about guidance on margin rates, we factor in that aspect, the aspect of how we price on new contracts, as well as, obviously, what Jim said, our broader view of how these businesses should perform.
Wesley G. Bush: On international, yes, generally, our margin rates in international are a bit more attractive than the domestic business, not universally, but overall. In aggregate, they are. And depending on the type of contract, whether it's FMS or if it's a sale, in some cases, yes, that can help on advances. But each and every one of these is a negotiation. So we deal with them sort of one at a time as opposed to in aggregate.
Wesley G. Bush: Thanks, Eric. I just would say thanks, everyone, for continuing to be interested in our company. As I said in my earlier remarks, we're very pleased with the outcome for 2013, given the challenges of the environment in which we operated. It is a reflection of the hard work and dedication of the team across our company. And I think, quite frankly, it's also a reflection given how difficult last year was in our customer community. It's a reflection of the partnership that we have with our customers. They went through some pretty tough times last year. And I think as a nation, we should all recognize and respect what our customer communities had to deal with in navigating through 2013. We all feel a little bit better about where we are from a budget perspective in 2014, having an appropriations process that's back closer to normal. We hope that continues. We hope that we can get back to regular order on a more regular basis and see this as the path that will allow our customer community and our industry to plan and to do the things that are necessary to ensure our national security. So thanks, everyone. Appreciate your continuing interest and look forward to the opportunity to interact with many of you over the coming months as we prepare and launch into 2014.
