Kathy Warden: Yes, Doug, thanks for the question. So to talk about the assumptions that we made then on inflation and even that we're making now, I would look to publicly available information. We tend to use indices to think about long-term projections on macroeconomic condition. So if you roll the clock back to 2015 and look at what the Fed was doing, they were managing inflation to a 2% target and doing that pretty effectively. So you can imagine that that's the set of assumptions that we would have been relying on as we looked out into the future. I'm not saying that's exactly what we did. We're not going to disclose that but those indices give you a good sense of what we would have been thinking. Of course, the last couple of years, inflation has been higher than that. And the thing about inflation, particularly as it relates to labor, is it doesn't tend to come back down on labor once salaries are elevated, they tend to set a new labor benchmark. And so as we think about the future, we're expecting those costs at least to remain elevated over the remainder of the execution of the contract. In areas like materials and other supplies, we do believe those will follow the indices associated with those commodities. And so there will be some variation of what we can buy those materials out into the future and the indices are a good way to think about that as well.
Kathy Warden: Well, we certainly believe so. And as I noted in our last call, that is what we're working toward. And so we continue to have discussions with the government, both congressionally with the dollars that they have appropriated for inflation relief for contracts just like this and the Department of Defense as they think about how to allocate those funds and we'll continue to work that very actively. And of course, wouldn't expect that relief to come all at once but in the annual appropriations associated with the program or a separate funds like we saw in 2023 for inflation relief. Now with that said, we also are working to offset these increases with other elements inside of our control, our overhead rates, the other costs that flow into segment operating margin that can have a beneficial effect as well. We're not relying fully on actions the government will take, although we do believe that both the government and Northrop Grumman should be working to mitigate these impacts and share this risk together.
Kathy Warden: Well, thanks, Seth. We have talked about the long-term view of Aero top line. And so while not guiding for 2024, we have said that we do expect revenue to be flattish this year and then begin to grow again next. And that's driven by a few factors. The first is those programs you noted and that we noted in the Q, like Joint Stars, Global Hawk that have been putting pressure on our year-over-year comparison, Aero do become minimal from this point forward in terms of year-over-year sales decline. We also have programs that are fairly stable, like F-35, that will continue. And then we have growth drivers like B-21. And in addition to that, I would add the Air Force's operational imperatives as well as some new program activity that's happening for the Navy and Aviation as well. So all of those create modest but some upside for us as we look in the compares '24 to '23.
Kathy Warden: Yes. Excellent question as well. So as we're thinking about the investments we're making, we look at what we believe a stable long-term capacity level is that will be supported by government expenditures. And we've made those investments. We got ahead of that curve because we believe that we can gain share by being ready for that demand signal as it comes. But then we look out and say there is likely to be a period of surge that the government would like industry to respond to. And there, we've put proposals forward to the government to get their funding to support what would be that additional capacity. So in the example that I gave today, I talked about us investing nearly $1 billion of our own dollars in expanding solid rocket motors, both for tactical missiles which was really the focus of my commentary today but all the way to strategic missiles as well. We're expanding capacity in those areas. We have more than doubled the capacity with the investments we've laid in or plan to make. For the government to go even further than that, we are suggesting that we can support that but would look for government funding to complement it.
Kathy Warden: So as we look at the profile on large programs like B-21 and Sentinel. You are right point out that all of that doesn't come to Northrop Grumman and our suppliers. Some of that is government funding. And that's particularly true with the Sentinel program because there is a significant of government activities associated with the work that will go on in the missile field and the coordination and collaboration across government to enable the construction scope. So when we look at our profile on these programs, it is a subset of the overall budget growth but it tends to follow in terms of relative year-over-year growth. What we will experience, not necessarily in that year because those appropriated funds or for what will be extended, it then takes us time to extend those funds, sometimes 18 to 24 months depending on the scope of work kind of program like B-21 and Sentinel. So when you net all of what I just said, the signal from the budget tells you there is continued and sustained growth in both of those programs through the that, that growth will come and be sustained not just through that 2028 period if you could expect it to continue, both when you look at what the government has said about quantities on B-21 and how they ramp as well as Sentinel moving into production in that time frame and still be ramping. So it's not just about '24 to '28 projections that you see in the Fidelis but looking beyond that into the next decade.
Kathy Warden: Yes, certainly. So you're right to point out that our strategy in space is broad-based. The cornerstone of it is as the cornerstone of our business tied to national security and supporting the U.S. and our allies to operate effectively and freely in space. But we also have a strategic significant pillar in space exploration as evidenced in our work in James Webb and more scientific missions but also our work in the Artemis program in space exploration. And our commercial ventures are largely tied to enabling those two strategic pillars within our space business. So when we are looking at the technologies that we need in space, we are well integrated across all elements of a solution, meaning we think about launch, even if we're not the launch provider, having partnerships with companies that can provide us the ability to launch. And that's the relationship we have with Firefly, being able to build the satellites that provide value and that's both being a bus provider as well as the payload, then being able to operate, command and control those assets in space. So that's more of a JADC2 contribution with the space domain in mind. And then, of course, that means being able to operate on the ground as well as be able to have these satellites able to communicate and share data. So this ties to the core competencies we have across this company in other domains and we are working to bring all of that to the space domain. And the space domain is the fastest growing area, not only of our business but our customers' budget, both NASA and the Department of Defense has been very well supported in recent budgets and we expect that to continue. So our objective is to use this opportunity to continue to grow our share and our relevance in those markets.
Kathy Warden: I do. And I've said that we shouldn't get wedded to double-digit growth that we've been experiencing consistently for the last several years because we have been in a position of winning significant new programs and seeing those programs ramp. And the business itself has nearly doubled. It's pretty amazing to see what's happened in the last few years. So I don't expect that to be the growth profile for the next several years but I do expect it to continue to be a growth engine in our company. And as we just talked about programs like Sentinel, the most significant growth on some of these is yet to come because many of the programs are in the development phase, where we are just building the first of. The opportunity is when those transition into production for both higher volumes and higher margins. And that's still very much ahead of us.
Kathy Warden: I don't see it as a significant change. We have been partnering with SpaceX. We expect to continue to do so. And my sense is that standing up this into within SpaceX, it's more to help them with the structural differences in dealing with the government work and customers versus their commercial aspirations. But in terms of our ability to work together, they've been a good partner to us. Of course, they're also a competitor but that's normal in our space and so we expect that to continue. And we embrace competition in Northrop Grumman. We think it hones our skills makes us stronger. And so we see this as a positive for the industry overall.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So why don't I start with Mission Systems. It's been a steady grower. We anticipate that it will continue to be. It hasn't been our fastest grower but it's just really consistent. And I expect that to be the position Mission Systems finds itself and going forward. And that's not to say there aren't a lot of changes happening within that business. It is a highly competitive business and one where technical differentiation is critical but they are staying at the forefront of technology to remain competitive. So, some examples of that are as aircraft of the fourth gen are retired eventually, they have roles -- significant roles on some of those. And so that work starts to dissipate. But at the same time, they are competing for next-generation technologies. And you see this even playing out on the F-35, where we talked about the new radar development award that we got is that platform is being modernized with Block IV upgrades. And so I'm really pleased with that team's competitive position stay at the forefront of technology and continue to win new work but that will be necessary for them to continue this mid-single-digit growth rate that we've got become accustomed to there. In terms of Defense, it's a little bit of a different story. There, we have been a flattish business and that has been because we weren't seeing significant growth in weapons. It was a pretty stable business and we were seeing the work in our aircraft modernization decline. What I expect to see going forward is that our weapons portfolio growth more than offset the declines in the other part of the portfolio and it will be a net grower for us. How much is dependent on how quickly that global demand that I talked about in today's call matures and also how successful we are in winning work on both new weapons development programs as well as second source on some existing programs. And I'm optimistic there. But this year will be really pivotal in indicating what we think the growth for that business will be. But we do see it being a growth business next year.
Kathy Warden: For the B-21, because those funds were appropriated as part of FY '23, we don't believe that there will be an issue with them awarding that production lot. And as you look across our portfolio, we are used to navigating CRs. And so there aren't any major issues that I would point out to you if this is a short-term CR. But as the industry always points out, the longer a CR goes, the more those risks become material. I'm hopeful that, given the threat environment that Congress recognizes the importance of timely appropriations, I'm not saying we won't have a CR but I am hopeful that it won't be an extended period CR. But if indeed that's the case, we'll work with the government to address any issues that we see on individual and material program.
Kathy Warden: And Myles, I'll just add on to that before I answer your second question that if you look at our margins coming out of the gate for the year right where we wanted to be in segment operating margin adjusted for the pension impact which we've been talking about, hitting the programs in the first quarter. So we're not breaking that down by segment. If you took each of our 4 businesses and then accounted for those 2 minor exceptions which you just outlined and adjusted for pension, they be right in line with our guidance for the year. So we're not going to walk you through the exact math of each item that goes into that, that we can tell you that those segments all 4 are in the first quarter with those impacts we've outlined adjusted for right in line with where they need to be to deliver on their guidance. In answer to your second question, I do believe the quarter is a bit of a high watermark on our mix because we had some fluctuations just in production quantities within particularly MS that drove their mix balance higher on cost plus. We don't even expect that to sustain for the full year within MS. So we're going to probably end the year a little over the 50% cost plus which is where we had signaled we would likely be and that's still where we think we are. And we don't see a major shift in that for the next couple of years until, as we've said, these programs that are in development start to move into production, especially the bigger ones like B-21, Sentinel and some of the space programs, then you'll see a more material mix shift for us but it will be towards fixed price.
Kathy Warden: Yes. So it's a very intuitive question. As we look at 2023, there are not many competitive new awards or even down select. As I've talked about, we have a good bit of work in our portfolio where we are in a usually 2-horse race programs like NGI is a good example of that. But we don't see many of those this year. They become more substantive in '24 and even '25. And -- so we'll provide more color on those as we guide for '24 later this year. What I'll tell you about 2023 is that the majority of our sales this year are in backlog and we don't see much in the way of competitive new awards. It's really immaterial for us this year.
Kathy Warden: Yes, I'm glad you took the question the way you did. I was obviously expecting someone might ask, why didn't they buy it? And you're right on. It would be premature for the U.S. to be working with another government on the B-21 program. But I think it is important that there were discussions ongoing ones that if you would have told me a handful of years ago might happen, I would have been surprised to hear. So I think in particular and the opening of a strategic relationship on nuclear-powered submarines between the U.S., the U.K. and Australia is going to change how those 3 nations at least work together more collaboratively and I wouldn't take it off the table in the long run that other strategic capabilities become part of that dialogue. But with where the B-21 is today, I think it appropriate that they did not count on it in their defense strategic review.
Kathy Warden: We certainly remain active in looking at opportunities to expand through acquisition. I would say that on the breadth of our portfolio and the strength of it, there are no gaps that I see an imperative to use acquisitions to fill those gaps that we are positioned to do so largely through both organic investing and external partnering which is an important tool in our toolkit. It doesn't require acquiring companies to have those very strategic partnerships with them, one of which we talked about earlier in the call with Firefly, for instance. But with that said, the regulatory environment is certainly top of mind when I think about execution risk associated with acquisition as well. So we take all of that into consideration and likely wouldn't see a path to do a significant strategic acquisition in the near term.
Kathy Warden: Yes, David. So you may recall, we had talked previously about our cost projections for the program were below independent cost estimates upon which the government needed to set their budget. You're starting to see that now reflected in the modifying those production budget. And you might see more of that in the future as we're hitting those cost targets that we have for the programs that are below their independent cost estimates. So that's what you see happening in production. The production funding they requested really supports the needs of the program as we and the government understand them today that is allowing them to ask Congress for more in the RDT&E accounts associated with modernization and beginning that modernization now. And I really want to complement the way the Air Force manage this programs. They are always thinking ahead and working with us on not just the current spaces we're executing but how we will execute the next phase of the program. So we have largely moved our way through EMD. Now we're starting production. We -- it's only natural that we would be looking at the modernization program and that's what you see reflected in their budgeting. And from a margin perspective, I know which is really where you want to go, yes, we do expect the margins on that work associated with modernization to be better than what we expect to get in LRIP production, so it will be a net positive to the overall B-21 margin picture.
Kathy Warden: Yes. We see some of it starting to show up now. So I mentioned $350 million of awards that we received in the first quarter associated with weapons. And of course, IBCS, part of the Missile Defense portfolio, we are starting as that now has gotten full rate production approval to see that demand fill out not just here but with the Poland deliveries as well. So, some of that certainly is going to provide support to the Defense System sector in 2023. But we do see the majority of those opportunities later, '24, '25, as those programs scale. NGI is another good example where we have seen significant growth last year in this. We'll see somewhere into 2024 but the real opportunity there is after either a down select or a carry forward of 2 parties and moving into production in the later part of the decade. So thanks, everybody, for joining our call today. I also want to again extend my thanks and congratulations to our team for another solid quarter. We look forward to speaking with you all on our next earnings call in July. So Lisa, with that, we're concluding today's call.
