Wesley Bush: No we have withdrawn completely from the tanker competition. We were I think very clear, very transparent around how we made that decision, and I think we gained to a very timely notification of the defense department, and broadly to the community of our position on tanker after the final RFP was released. So we are no longer participating in the tanker competition.
Wesley Bush: We look the margins every quarter and as I said a number of times, I look at this business as a very long-term business and so I don’t pay attention that much to the quarterly margin. I look more at the long-term margin rate.
Wesley Bush: Essentially, as we said we had cost growth and LPDs and then the insurance recovery was essentially a recovery of some of the cost growth that we had previously recognized on LPD. So those items taken together contributed a small or single digit type number to the quarter.
Wesley Bush: Well hour HALE systems represent the preponderance of our sales in UAV. The HALE systems are large platforms, each individually large, and they are large programs such as Global Hawk and BAMS. So naturally they do represent a substantial fraction.  As we look at the emerging requirements, we see a very healthy continuing future for HALE. The idea that you can have an asset at an altitude that affords it an enormous amount of visibility and collection capability and availability over many, many long hour of duration of focus is just a very, very useful tool for the military. With that said, while we are really focused on growing HALE, we are also focused on some of the other applications and there is a long list I could point out, but one in particular is UCAS. The concept of having unmanned operations off of a carrier, will transform a lot of the fundamental concept of operations for force deployment, and we see that as another groundbreaking opportunity in the application of unmanned. We have a lot of other great actions going on unmanned; whether its Fire Scout or even smaller unmanned vehicles, we continue to apply a lot of engineering and innovation to this field. We want to stay differentiated technologically and capability wise, because we see this as a business area that’s got a great future.
Wesley Bush: Sam in terms of revenues as I said in my comments, the biggest variable at this point in time is the IMPOSE program and how its going to be restructured and what work we’ve going to retain on a go forward basis.  So we continue to work with that the customers on that potential restructuring, but at this point its unknown exactly what’s going to happen there, and so I guess maybe I’m a little cautious as to what the future revenue outlook is for that program on a go forward basis. In terms of performance margin rate, absolutely wonderful quarter out of those guys this quarter. 11% margins and as I said the, guidance for the year is still to mid tens with some opportunity I think to increase margins as we go through the year, but probably too early to call at this point in time.Sam Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Security: Okay. Can you frame in terms of how large IMPOSE was in 2009.
Wesley Bush: I do think it will cause the rest of the industry to talk another hard look at their OCI business. I think that the outcome that we saw out of the DOD confirmed our thinking and our divesture very strongly confirmed it.  The rule that came forward if you decompose it really had sort of three basic types of conflicts that it was worried about; cases were there where impaired objectivity. So if a contractor is giving technical advise on a procurement, and the contract also has some form of financial interest in that procurement, that conflict talked about unfair access to non-public information was kind of a broad statement around how you would look at access, and then the per category around the biased ground rules. That’s if the contract happens to be working on one contract, but you are in a position to help set the ground rules for some future acquisition that it might compete for.  These are pretty broad statements about the way that federal procurement officials need to think about OCI and interpret OCI, and our pretty well aligned with the frame work that we saw are largest customers in the TASK business using when they were alerting us last year that we will not be able to compete for the some of the business that we currently had.  So instead of standing by and watching that business dissipate we think we took a very appropriate action both for our customers, and our share holders, to diverts that business, put it in the hands of an organization that did not have these types of conflicts so that it can grow and thrive. I think with these rules it has a good opportunity to grow and thrive and looking at how its situated, relative to the businesses that remain within some of the other large contractors. So I do think it will cause others to stand back and think carefully about what they are doing.
Wesley Bush: I would say on information systems, there are two different answers for information systems and technical services. In information systems, we tend to participate in sort of the higher end of the market place, that’s largely engineering driven, and large-scale solutions driven.  : In technical services, that area has always been and I think will increasingly be much more price sensitive. We have sort of three major areas in technical services. We do a lot of base arrange in our systems support group. We do a lot of training work and of course we do a lot of operations and maintenance and logistics work in our lifecycle optimization business. All three of those have, I would say, intense price sensitivity, and I think we will continue to have that sensitivity. So, a little bit different flavor for the two different businesses.
Wesley Bush: We are going through the ramp up phase, and we are working through what I would characterize as the typical transition issues in ramp up. We are satisfied with the trajectory that we see there, and see this as a really good program opportunity for the company.
Wesley Bush: Yes, and so I just appreciate everyone’s interest in our call today. As we said, we think we are off to a good start for the year, a lot of work to be done. We are pleased that we could raise our EPS guidance, and look forward to discussing it with you again on our next quarter call. Thanks everyone.
Wes Bush: Thanks Doug. This is Wes, let me address that. We have been I think very clear when you referenced it that we have taken a very careful look over the last few years of state and local, just determined that that is not really a very attractive marketplace for us, given the way that we typically bring ultimate value to customers, and so we’ve been backing away from that, and as we said in your remarks, our sales and our civil systems part of IS have been on a plan to decline as a result of those decisions that we made. At the same time, the defense business and the intelligence business had information systems, which together represent right around 75% of our total sales of IS, are strong healthy businesses, and when I went through my earlier remarks and opportunities you probably noticed that there were quite a few of the opportunities that I discussed associated with information systems.  We bring a number of what we see as truly discriminating capabilities to defense and intelligence, ranging from the work that we do in command and control, the work of course that we do ISR where we have some just absolutely permanent positions, and the work that we do in cyber security, which we see continuing to grow quite robustly.  So we are optimistic about the outlook at IS, and both intel and defense. We see sort of a little bit of a longer cycle for civil, largely driven by bringing the expertise that we have in cyber security form intel and defense, into many of our civil applications where we are beginning to see the cyber capabilities as an enabler to go after some of the more sophisticated requirements of other federal agencies. So, we like this business. We think it’s a good business for our future, and we are looking forward to getting to the right place in our balance of the portfolio on civil, and continuing to grow the rest of the business. Let me also give a perspective of how we are thinking about that growth. There are various layers in the information systems market. We are really focusing our attention on the layers where we can bring real value through engineering content, where we have truly differentiated offerings, and where the margin opportunities are consistent with our margin expansion objectives in the company. So we will not be going after opportunities in this space simply because of top line revenue opportunities. We are looking very carefully at the opportunities as to whether or not they support our margin rate objectives.
Wes Bush: All right, it helped a little bit. I think the main perspective on VITA is more forward-looking in terms of where we are going on a contract. We spent a lot of time together with the VITA organization in the commonwealth, and with the administration of commonwealth, really working to get the parties together and focused on how we move the program forward as you know.  The program involves many, many different agencies across the commonwealth, and we were very pleased with the modified agreement, because we do think it brings a lot more clarity into the actual scope and the specific performance expectations, so that we get better alignment between the customer and ourselves around where we are applying the energy to get to the outcomes. So we see it as good stuff forward, but we think the goodness of that manifests in the future as we go forward, largely in the future. So that’s the way I would characterize VITA.
Wes Bush: Yes Howard, thanks for asking. The DDG restart program is a really important program for our company. It represents as you know, an opportunity to continue a line of ship class that over the years we have demonstrated very, very good performance on. The last few years as we went through some of the struggles in the gulf, that performance declined, but we expect that with the new class of ships we will be able to return to the level of performance demonstrated in the past.  A big part of that is the operating system that we put in place in the gulf, that’s up and running. That’s giving us the type of transparency and the degree to end up understanding that we need to not only better plan the execution, but in real time really see how it’s going. In a shipyard that it’s managing multiple classes of ships compared to the past back in the 90s, when it really was primarily just the DDG program that it was going through. So we feel good about the progress that we’ve made operationally in being able to get that under way.  The other thing I would say though is, we are not yet under contract fully for those DDGs. So we are in a process of working through the contracting of the navy, and we are very focused on making sure that those contracts support our opportunity to perform well. So, we are looking at it both operationally and contracting to make sure that we end up in the right place.
Wes Bush: Well, I would characterize it on just about every front of the operational perspective of our shipyard involved. As you know, we integrated, we brought together the Newport News operations, the Gulf operations under common leadership of Mike Petters at the beginning of 2008. So we are more than two years into that process. By doing that, we have been able to bring a lot of things from Newport News to the gulf and quite frankly vice versa.  We have I think done a very good job under Mike’s leadership. Mike and his team’s leadership of figuring out how to best optimize where we are going, and that means looking at every single aspect. We talked a lot about the operating system and how we actually manage the flow of the work through the yard and the gulf.  Quality was another area where we just put an extraordinary focus on changing the way that we’ve addressed that opportunity. Leadership development, talent development, training of the workforce, you name it, just about every aspect of the operational capacity in the gulf, and then translating a lot that back into Newport News.  So I think while we are clearly not out of the woods, we have a margin rate that we are forecasting in ship building this year. That’s not a margin rate that we would be happy with in the long term, but it does represent a good step up over last year. We still have several programs, primarily the LPDs in the gulf that are operating at low or no margin rate, that will pull us down for awhile on our margin rate improvements curve, but I see us making the solid incremental steps forward to make the ship building business a business that is doing the right things for both our customers and for our shareholders.
Wes Bush: Well, as we go forward and we understand the environment, we are constantly looking at what it might cost strategic initiatives, but I guess Heidi I would continue to focus your attention on the performance activities that we have underway.  Given the portfolio we have, which we think is very, very well aligned with what our customers need, I think our biggest opportunity for shareholder value creation goes to performance improvement; things like margin, rate expansion, and think smart about how we declare our cash. Those are the two things that we are really focused on and driving on as the most near term opportunities for shareholder value expansion.  Now that being said, we of course are looking very carefully at our portfolio, we are looking downstream, but our media focus is on performance, and deploying our cash wisely.
Wes Bush: Well, we have been careful never to give an exact forecast when we are in the market of how much we are buying or when we are buying. So I wouldn’t want to stare down that path.  The thing I would just point out is when we divested task, we were very clear about our intent to offset the dilution to earnings per share resulting from that divestiture, through the use of the net proceeds you pointed about $1.1 billion, to repurchase shares, so we increased our rate rather substantially there for awhile.  My comments this morning was simply intended to say we essentially achieved that offset, so we are going to go back to what we might view as a more typical level. I think that’s about all the flavor I would give to it.  We do have a fair amount left in our outstanding authorization, and we continually look at what the level of authorization should be that we seek from our board, and I think you can see from our history, we got a pretty good track record of what we call balance cash deployment in our company.
Wes Bush: We are always looking. We participate in that part of the market place very actively. I would say we will continue to be very disciplined in how we look at it. Given that we are quite pleased with the portfolio we have today, I don’t feel a burning need to fill some gaping hole, but that being said, we do look if there are good value opportunities, and we will look at it even more seriously, but right now I would say that we like the way that we have been looking at cash deployment.
Wes Bush: No, we typically don’t guide in terms of backlog. The one thing I would say Jo in that regard when we look at our backlog, first off we don’t report in our backlog on the unfunded side, either unexercised contract options or unfunded IDIQ orders, and as time has gone by, we are finding more and more things are getting handled through the IDIQ channel.  So if you look interestingly at our funded backlog for the quarter, which is in the release that we put out, every single one of our sectors grew their funded backlog year-over-year, and that is I think a good place for us to be. We are satisfied with where we are right now in backlog. Of course I’d like to expand it, and we are working hard to expand it. So, directionally I would say our objective is up, but I would shy away from being very quantitative with respect to an outcome for the year.
Wes Bush: I wouldn’t characterize it as new issues. As we have said, the operating systems and processes that we have put in place gives us greater visibility on a more current basis, and so every quarter we look at the performance in those and other ships and make some small adjustments, and that’s really what we saw this quarter.
Wes Bush: We are getting some growth in Virginia class between now and then, when it really starts to make a difference is 
Jim Palmer: Interest; essentially we sold and I guess it was second quarter of last year, $850 million of debt, so that contributed to the additional interest cost of share, as well as some capitalized leases added some interest costs for the quarter.  In terms of tax rate, on a regular basis I would say the kind of the 34.5% is what I would expect on a go forward basis. We do have the potential or the resolution of the 2004 to 2006 IRS exam, which could be favorable to tax rate for the year if resolved in our favor, which frankly that’s our expectation.Sam Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Security: Okay great. Thank you.
Jim Palmer: On pension contributions, we had our normal required contributions, and frankly I don’t recall how much that was for the quarter. We did have a voluntary contribution of $30 million related to some of our foreign pension plans. So that was the only unusual item if you want to characterize it that way in the quarter.  On CAS organization, we’re waiting just like all of you are for some indication of how and when it’s going to proceed. I really don’t have any new or more current information David.
Jim Palmer: The recovery on related to Hurricane Ike, this was the last piece of what we would have expected to get. It was $17 million, and the Q essentially refers to the ongoing litigation with FM Global related to Katrina.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Company: Got it, thank you. Then I noticed your cash flow indicates amortization of assets of $39 million, but the Q suggests you will do $65 million over the remainder of the year, which would suggest a big step down and then $57 million next year. Refresh my memory now, why are we seeing that. I mean are those two items correct and why are we seeing that short fall off.
Jim Palmer: I’m sure they are correct. The fall off next year is due to purchase of intangibles, some of the amortization being completed this year. Why 69 versus 39, I’d have to get it through the details. I will ask Paul to give you a call on that one.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen And Company: Okay, terrific. Thanks so much.
Jim Palmer: And it’s a really good program. The program that’s performing very well, so we look forward to that opportunity to increase production.
Jim Palmer: George, as I look at my crystal ball I would characterize revenue this year as much more ratable over the four quarters. So what you see in the first quarter is kind of my expectations for quarterly revenues on a go-forward basis. 
Jim Palmer: So the three items are the flat sequencing sewing program, it's operational issues, the lower royalty. Last year royalty income was like $4 million, and then the provision for the work force reduction, which is single digit type numbers.  The way I look at it George is, if I adjust both 2010 and 2009 for the royalty and the workforce reduction, the 80 basis point decline in margin becomes about 30 basis points. So that then says that essentially 90 basis points was due to the flat sequencing sorting program and the others were these two small items. 
Jim Palmer: We didn’t change our guidance first of all for the sales in IS, but as we just look at our business, we do see good growth opportunity in intelligence and the defense business, and we expect that civil would be down. Then I look around the industry and I see other guys having concerns about the Information Systems, and so I’m factoring a little bit of that concern into the business that we still see as having growth in DSD and ISD.  So I’m just hedging a little bit based on what others are saying about there business, but on the other hand as Wes said, we see good opportunities in both the defense piece of our business and the intelligent piece of our business and the command control, C4ISR areas and obviously cyber as well. 
George Shapiro – Access 342: I wanted to ask a couple of things. The first quarter revenues you commented were about $400 million higher because of the additional days. I assume that that means the fourth quarter will be about $400 million lower.
George Shapiro – Access 342: Okay, and then normally though from the first to the fourth quarter, the revenue is anywhere from a higher by $1 billion to $1.4 billion. Would that still hold this year or it's only going to be $400 million or $800 million from the first to the fourth quarter, as opposed to being normally a $1 billion to $1.4 billion difference. 
George Shapiro – Access 342: Okay, and then just Jim if you could provide a little more details. You had three provisions in electron, or three comments in electronics that caused the weaker margin. Could you break out how much was like the workforce provision verses the other provision. 
George Shapiro – Access 342: Okay, that’s helpful, thanks. Then just one last one; for the second quarter in a row we’ve seen lower cooperative on allocated. I mean is there something going on there or it just how it happens. 
