James F. Palmer: Yes, I'm trying to remember. I don't think the F-35 alone, the transition to units of delivery accounting was $500 million. I think it's more like a couple hundred million. And essentially, the revenue will start reversing here in the -- in second half of the year as we begin deliveries on LRIP 5. The balance was portfolio shaping and other actions, but the F-35 itself units of delivery was a couple hundred million dollar impact on 2012.
James F. Palmer: Doug, as I think about it, we clearly have gotten some benefit from the actions that we've taken over the last few years, not just last year, but over the last few years. It's really been a concentrated effort, beginning going back to 2009 when we combined what was, at that time, 6 different businesses down to the 4 businesses. And in that process, we made some really significant improvements in our basic infrastructure cost. For example, I use 2008 as a benchmark. 2011 revenues were up 1% over 2008. Square footage, on the other hand, was down 6% and the infrastructure that goes with the business, largely people-related, was down 11%. So in a continual process to think about the business, the organization that supports it, the infrastructure that's required and you get the benefits of that on your current backlog of contracts, but it's very important that you do those things because it goes to the affordability of your products and then a down -- likely down scenario on a budget affordability is a key driver on being able to compete and effectively win. So we've gotten a benefit, at the same time, we have really emphasized the management of our individual contracts, identifying risk and opportunities. And our program management organization, I think, has done a really good job over that period of time, in a better position today than they have been in the past. So it's a combination of all those factors that I think lead to the improved performance that we've seen.
James F. Palmer: Clearly, that's what we incentivize our people to do and so we are driving towards that. I -- you may be asking about the long-term objectives, margin rates for the businesses. I continue to believe in those, that those are long-term margin rates that are sustainable through the cycle. Clearly, we want to do better than that kind of peer-average type margin rates and we're working very hard to do that. It's interesting they -- we normally get a lot of questions around cume catch-up adjustments and having spent a lot of time with us over the last 5 or 6 quarters and many times those items relate to either contractual issues or maybe some testing issues associated with individual contracts that largely are not resolved until the contracts are fairly well complete. So -- and at that point in time, you feel comfortable in making those adjustments and recognizing them. But that having completed or largely completed, these contracts does not necessarily imply that those will be the margin rates on a go-forward basis. So I guess a long way -- winded way of saying I feel comfortable about our guidance for the year, obviously, as well as our long-term margin objectives for the company and we will clearly work to do better than that.
James F. Palmer: Yes. You're referring to CAS harmonization, Jason, just to make sure everyone is up-to-date on it; and CAS harmonization actually serves to increase everyone's CAS cost, everyone in the industry's CAS cost in relation to what they had previously. So it is a factor that allows us to recover those increased costs but it does also drive to the competitive nature of the affordability of our cost. So it's great that we're able to recover those increased CAS costs, but it is an affordability negative and so we are working real hard to offset that. In terms of the competitive nature, obviously to the extent that your plans are better funded than industry as a whole, your costs are less on a go-forward basis and so that is something that, as I've said, we've worked really hard to address over the past years, either through our investment performance, which has been positive. I think our investment management organization has done a really good job in relationship to the uncertain investment environment that we've had over the last 3 or 4 years. It's certainly been a difficult environment, but they've done very well in terms of performance versus the major indices, all of which, again, go to reducing our costs on a go-forward basis. So it's a combination of all of those factors, Jason, that I think is a competitive advantage for us on a go-forward basis. Although, as I said, it's great to recover that increased CAS cost, but it does become a negative that we're working hard at try and offset.
James F. Palmer: It's really going to depend on individual plans. We talk as if this is a huge one plan, when in reality we have about 20 different plans. So it depends on the funded status of each plan, but the area that we're most focused on has been the Aerospace segment, largely because the plans that support that have historically been very well funded and for many years did not have any CAS cost at all so we're dealing with that in our Aerospace segment, largely. But it does affect some of the other segments as well, both ES and IS.
James F. Palmer: Yes, so Cai, the investment performance through June is, in round numbers let's call it 5.75%. So again, the organization has done a good job relative to the indices. They always tell me I can't annualize that number so I won't do that but reasonable performance on a year-to-date basis. And as you know, I think everyone knows, interest rates are down from where they were at the beginning of the year. We're probably looking at, if we were setting interest rates today, anywhere from maybe 75 to 100 basis points of decline. And just a reminder that, that sensitivity around that change in discount rate is that every 25 basis points change in the discount rate is, let's call it, $75 million to $80 million of a change in FAS cost. So if we were setting it today, we would be looking at a decline in interest rates, let's call it, 75 to 100 basis points. And that equates at this point to, if I can do my math here real quick, $300-plus million. But again, it's kind of meaningless to talk about this at a point in time that is...
James F. Palmer: Yes, Joe, I'm not going to do that because I don't want to get into competitive -- I don't want to give out competitive information here. The performance in ES has been strong in a couple of areas, in particular, but that -- having said that, that doesn't mean that the performance in the other areas are weak, if you will, as expected, but the performance in a couple of areas had been particularly strong.
James F. Palmer: As I said in my prepared comments, Joe, the guidance for the year for ES essentially assumes a second half margin rate in the, let's call it, 14% range consistent -- actually a little bit better than what our guidance initially was for all of the year for ES. So we have brought it up a little bit but again, the performance adjustments, as I said, in many cases, tend to be towards the end of that contract life, reflecting the resolution of contractual issues or other kind of testing or acceptance types of issues, and if they occur towards the end of a contract life, do not have much of an impact on a go-forward basis.
James F. Palmer: Myles, we're -- for example, on F-35, we're kind of in this sine wave, where we essentially had no sales or very little sales on the current production contract, the LRIP 5 contract, but we will have sales and margins as we go forward into the second half and '13 as deliveries on that contract occur. As I look at that business, I think that, that business is reflective of the long-term margin objectives that we've seen, that I've talked about for Aerospace. Clearly, they've had some benefits on their existing backlog of contracts from the actions that they have taken to streamline the organization at AS. That's had a benefit on this year's margins to the extent that -- and it's true the Aerospace segment has longer-cycle contracts than probably most of the other business segments, so we're going to see some of that benefit continue as that existing backlog of contracts is worked off. So again, I feel good about where the Aerospace sector is in terms of their margin objectives.
James F. Palmer: Yes, I just want to clarify the -- Rob's CAS comment because essentially, because of the transition rules, higher CAS cost begin in 2014, not before.
James F. Palmer: On the cash collection question, I think probably the best way to put it with, whether it's debt ceiling, all these different things that we potentially could be dealing with in the fourth quarter, we have really emphasized, as I said in my comments to our team, the importance of aggressively working our cash collections, billing and cash collections on a timely basis so that we can accelerate all the cash, as much as cash is possible into the earlier parts of the year than when it traditionally has occurred. Again, since there's a lot of uncertainty around exactly what's going to happen and how it's going to happen, it's hard to tell whether or not cash collections are going to be affected in the fourth quarter, but the best medicine is essentially move everything up if you can.
James F. Palmer: George, the -- you're looking at a situation where multi-year 2 at completion, you obviously know what you ended up doing. You had a multi-year contract; you have the benefit of the multi-year and taking cost-reduction actions and affordability initiatives to improve the overall performance. Multi-year 3, we’re at the very front end, and so it's not unusual to have a much lower earnings rate on the very front end of a contract, particularly a multi-year contract before you've had the opportunity to implement a number of the performance improvements and affordability initiatives. So I think we're at a point in time where we're comparing something that is known to something that has been negotiated that is a good contract. But we have in front of us all those other opportunities that we can take to improve the profitability, and it's too early to call whether all of them are going to be successful.
James F. Palmer: Clearly, the environment is a little bit more difficult today than it was a couple years ago and we're responding in terms of our cost affordability initiatives, and so it's hard to say whether each of those are going to balance each other out over the longer term.
James F. Palmer: I don't recall any conversation around $700 million of contingency. There is $700 million of variance in the range, if you will, $24.7 billion to $25.4 billion. But essentially, that range reflects the possibilities for each of the 4 sectors and where we think they may end the year.
Wesley G. Bush: Yes, we're in a just a fascinating situation here today. We have this law on the books that mandates that sequestration will occur on January 2, so that's the law. And I want to be clear that we will be ready to address that environment should that occur, but as I said in my remarks, that environment would represent lower revenues, profits and cash flows for our company. That said, we also know that the President and the Secretary of Defense, and to a very large extent, the leaders of both parties in Congress have said they do not want sequestration to occur. So exactly how this is going to play out is anybody's guess right now. And there are a lot of different scenarios floating around and everybody has their own view as to what might happen and when such things might happen. What we're doing is making sure that we're ready, and that means both planning for a variety of scenarios, both the sequestration scenario itself as well as other scenarios that might involve potential compromise positions on the part of the different parties that are taking part in this debate. We're doing that so that we're ready for a variety of outcomes. And we're doing it mindful that as we are making those plans and actually taking steps today to make sure that we're ready, we're doing that while ensuring that we're continuing to meet our customers' needs. And keeping all of that balanced as we go through here is going to be very, very important. The other part of this that's also very, very important is making sure that we're doing the right things to have a very talented and capable workforce for the future. And we're mindful of all of those dynamics as we are planning our actions as well as taking some actions today to preserve our flexibility and to make sure we're ready to really take this on however it goes. One thing I would point out that we see some constants in here and I think those constants, while we're all concerned about the coming months this year, looking past that at the longer term is really important. And one of the big constants that we see goes to the way that we've aligned our portfolio. We believe in just about any scenario, there's going to be a continuing priority for Unmanned capability, Cyber capability, C4ISR and this whole arena of modernization and its focus through Logistics and I see that, too, as being an important part of our portfolio for the future. So when we think about what's going on in the world, when we think about the environment that our national security customers are having to deal with, that part, I think, is a very important perspective as well. Trying to determine which exact path we're going to take to get to that longer-term just takes [ph] a little bit of a challenge, but we're going to be ready for it.
Wesley G. Bush: Well, I would say that what we've done is we've changed it in a way to support the profit expectations we've put out there. If you turn the clock back a number of years ago, we had a fairly large fraction of that portfolio that was in what I would describe as more commodity services business. And today, if you look at the portfolio, and I have to give Linda Mills and her team the credit for this. They've just done an extraordinary job of managing their way through portfolio alignment here that it has a very large part of the content that is C4ISR and Cyber, and if you look at the parts of the portfolio that are more service-oriented, those typically have significant engineering content so we're bringing value-added and it's not a competition that's solely on the last penny. It really is around bringing the value of the engineering content. So those actions have given us the confidence to talk about margin rates that we put out there for this business as being the appropriate margin rates for the longer term, just given the broader character of how we've repositioned this business
Wesley G. Bush: I agree, Howard, very much so. This does not any longer fit that model of a traditional government services business. And as you know very well, we actually spun out or sold off, I should say, the primary part of that business that we used to have, the task organization, and that was a big part of this portfolio realignment, was to take that out and put it into a different construct. So it's no longer a part of our portfolio.
Wesley G. Bush: I'd say there's a good balance perspective here. Clearly, Unmanned continues to be a very, very important part of the portfolio. The manned parts of it, as Jim indicated, on F-35, we have to kind of see what the program outlook appears to be. We're going to have to watch how, even if we're not in sequestration, how some of the other budget decisions continue to get made as they affect other programs, both in Unmanned and Space side. So we're delighted with the robust growth in the backlog. I think that positions us very, very well for the future here. I just would not want to get ahead of potential budget decisions that may ripple through the process here.
Wesley G. Bush: We have difficulty telling the degree of exposure of all of our peers, so I'd be reluctant to make a comparative comment in that regard. Clearly, our Information Systems business, and to some extent, our Technical Services business is a higher turnover business in terms of the rate of -- at which contracts come onboard and get executed and closed out. And so that higher rate on a relative basis between those businesses and our AS and ES businesses cause us a little bit more concern as we look at the CR environment. But we've actually gotten pretty good at navigating the CR environment and I'd say most of us around our industry have been dealing with this now for a while. And our ability to plan and forecast the CR aspects of the environment, I think, is pretty good. So I'm having difficulty answering your question with regard to others in our industry, but I feel pretty good about our own outlook and forecast in that regard. The challenge, I think, here isn't so much around the management of a short-term CR. I think the challenge is how does the framework of a CR play into the concerns around sequestration, particularly as we head into the fourth quarter. And part of the struggle that we're seeing in our customer community is that the political system, as I indicated earlier, is very focused around is there an approach that avoids sequestration? Is there a broader perspective that can be taken looking together at the tax law changes or the current law coming to effect at the end of the year, the issues around the debt ceiling and everything the country went through last year and struggling to deal with the debt ceiling? Is there a mechanism where all this can be brought together or not before the end of the year? And the customer community is trying to figure out how they do the right thing to navigate through all of this, so I'm not as focused on the CR in terms of its variability as I am on the potential variability of customer actions in anticipation of a potential sequestration and...
Wesley G. Bush: It's hard to tell. I wouldn't want to speculate on that. I would simply observe that there are environmental conditions that could potentially cause that to happen.
Wesley G. Bush: Let me just say on the obligations part of it, our understanding is that the guidance to contracting officers is for them to continue forward now and we see them working hard to get things under contract. Clearly, there are some areas that are under more pressure than others, from a total budget perspective, and so they're struggling with this a little bit more than others. And so I'd say it varies a little bit across the portfolio, but in general, we see our customers working hard to hold everything together here.
Wesley G. Bush: But it really comes down to us to continue to execute on the contracts, to drive affordability just as we've been doing over the years. Each time we take on a contract, it's -- as Jim indicated, there's uncertainty as to how far we'll be able to go in performance improvement and affordability improvement over time. And what we're seeing is our team across the company working really hard on this and it shows in our results, and we're really proud of that.
Wesley G. Bush: A more normal level, if you want to call it that. Actually, if you look at the quarter, the second quarter, and you compare the cume adjustments to the segment operating margin rate, it's 28% this year, 26% last year. So there really isn't that big a change in terms of the cume catch-up adjustments as a percent of the overall segment margin rate. So overall margins in the second half, in terms of my guidance, is a little lower. That's true, which essentially implies a little less of those potential favorable adjustments. But we'll go through a process every quarter of looking at our estimates at completion and making the adjustments, if necessary, up or down to reflect the actual -- what we see is actual performance and resolution of any risk and opportunities at that point in time.
Wesley G. Bush: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Let me just summarize by saying we had an outstanding quarter, reflecting our continued focus on performance. We face a challenging environment and we're certainly concerned about sequestration and the broader budget environment. That said, we have a team that is focused on creating value for our shareholders, our customers and all of our stakeholders, and we are prepared to deal with this environment. Thanks for your continuing interest in our company.
