Willard D. Oberton: I'll start out with no, our profitability expectations have not changed at all. It really comes to what I said in the call is that we're getting the signings by working very hard with the managers and pushing hard on signing vending machines. But when we really looked hard and listened to our managers about how we can improve our sales quickly, month-to-month versus year-over-year, the word was let us go out and just make regular sales calls, call on contractors and small accounts and pick up orders rather. The vending cycle, if we sign a vending machine, typically, it takes about 5 to 6 months to be producing revenue for us. It's a great business. It's just a longer cycle business. And so we said, okay, let's just let it flow naturally. And the fact that we signed almost 5,400 machines without putting all the pressure on, to me, was actually a pretty impressive number. And so it's nothing about our view long term of vending. We think it's still a fantastic opportunity for us. It's just about how much time you can consume in the store for just one initiative that's a longer-cycle initiative.
Willard D. Oberton: It's really about the revenue potential of the customer. There were just 2 things. One is revenue potential of the customer and how many machines per customer. What we identified is that in some cases, because of aggressive sales people there saying, "Hey, we need to put 6 machines in here." And as we went in and sized up the customer, we found that really 4 was -- or 4 or 5 was a more appropriate number. And so what we're really doing is just a screening process. Now that we have so many machines out and so many customers, we have great data. And it's really looking very hard, to say is that the correct number of customers -- or per, for that customer or is this customer even capable of getting one machine. We've always done it, we just have better data today.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, the pricing environment is always difficult. But with the economy slow like it is, it's more difficult to go in and ask for a price increase. And I think some of it is just reluctance of salespeople. When your customer's already putting pressure on you, it's harder to go in and push pricing. So it's just a more difficult environment. There's not real dynamic, not a lot going on. It's just when business is robust, it's a lot easier to walk in with a price increase than it is when business is slow. Timing is tough.
Willard D. Oberton: The headcount increase, we've started adding some people in June as you saw in the numbers, and we're going to continue, as I said, to try and add 100 to 150 FTE per month. The majority of the people we'll be adding will actually be part-time support people, which will allow the managers and the salespeople to get out of the store and contact the customers. Because in talking to many, many managers, which myself and Lee and the whole entire team has been doing, it's -- they're saying, "Hey, we're stuck inside packaging orders, which someone else could do if I had the time or if we had the hours." As far as the -- when we expect to see improvement, based on looking at historical data of when we've added people and when it's -- the sales have improved, it actually comes very quickly. We would expect to see maybe slight improvement in August, but by the October, by -- the beginning of the fourth quarter, it should make a difference in our incremental gains, our month-to-month gains. And then really, as I had said in the call, our goal is to set ourselves up for a good first quarter, more of a historical first quarter in that high-teens, maybe pushing that 20% if we can do things very well between now and then. That's -- and, probably a little economic help as well. Who knows if that comes. But it's really about adding support so the salespeople can get out and monitoring it very close to see where we're getting the gains and where we aren't.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, excuse me, I -- it's up slightly, but we -- it's pretty flat. And we believe most of that is attributable to not making enough sales calls, not having the time to get out and pound on doors. It's like anything, if you don't stir it up, it doesn't happen.
Willard D. Oberton: No, it really hasn't. And we don't expect any less from vending. Although our signings slipped from first to second quarter, we still have thousands of machines that are being installed. We still have...
Willard D. Oberton: THUB, we're kicking it off this month. It's going to really take probably 9 to 12 months to where we have it rolled up to all of our stores with the majority of the volume. So it will be a long ramp-up. But we know that we'll save hundreds of FTE equivalence in the stores by the time we've rolled it out. And it's really about taking labor out of the store and doing it in a more efficient fashion. We're very, very bullish on that, on that project. The other thing that it has is it has the potential, and we really believe it will happen, to make the economics of vending better because we lower the amount of labor that goes in to serve the customers and serve them at a higher level so there are some benefits there.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, the margin opportunity becomes much better with vending because we're buying tremendous quantities to bring into this one facility. So some very good reasons for doing it, and it's a few weeks behind schedule but for the most part, it's right on track. We we're hoping to get it going the 1st of July, and I think it's the 15th, so very good progress. As far as the OEM fastener initiative, we're also still very positive on that. But it's -- and I've said from the very beginning, it's going to be a slow process because most of the contracts or customers we're going after have their fasteners under contract. I would say on the average, that's a 3-year contract. There's 2 or 3 5s, but most of them are 3-year contracts, and so we're just positioning ourselves. So when those contracts expire, get close to expiring, we're standing at the door, the customer knows our capabilities and has a -- and we have a relationship with their buying team or engineering team and feel we're going to be well positioned when that happens. We have a lot of nice signings, but still not enough to really move the needle on the macro. But we believe that fasteners are a huge part of our future and that we have not done a very good job, broadly speaking, not done a very good job of explaining to the customers how good we are at fasteners and all the things we can offer with our manufacturing, with our importing capabilities, with our local store delivery, the things that most of our competitors really cannot offer that we can.
Willard D. Oberton: And so you pull out the underperforming, and it's back. But I think the other is pure macro, that the customers are not growing as fast. If you look out at the industrial economy, and you look at what other companies are putting up for numbers, it's probably manufacturing's maybe flat at best right now. And so in some cases, it's just -- there's not much growth there. And when we put a machine in and it reduces the spend, there's no way to grow that back. But overall, when you look at the growth of the customers that have vending and all the things we're doing, we're still very bullish on the overall industrial vending project and what it can mean to the company.
Willard D. Oberton: We've been saying for the last 2 or 3 years, Dan and I, that the 23% is a point in time, and it really has to do with the average store size. It depends on what our gross margin does. At the end of the day, our real goal is return on invested capital, so whether it's 22% or 25%, as long we can continue to grow profitably, we think we can continue to move it up as the average store size grows. And what we're doing with the labor, adding people into these stores, as I said earlier, it's a direct piece of pathway, but more people on our existing stores create greater growth. And if we do that, our pretax profits will grow as a percentage of sales. So I guess the answer to your -- long answer to your question, but the answer is yes.
Willard D. Oberton: The cost of the FTE adds is really 2 things. One is we believe we still have room to improve our gross margin and offset some of it. But looking at the math and looking at how we believe we can ramp the sales up, we think we can pay for most of it in gross margin improvement because if we get -- it doesn't take a tremendous amount when you look at an almost $300 million monthly revenue. You don't need to see a lot of incremental improvement to pay for 100 to 200 people a month. And so we need to work very -- we're very focused on that. We've talked to the regional vice presidents again this morning on a teleconference, making sure they understand that their -- as our labor goes up, they need to improve their gross margin or increase their gross profit dollars to pay for these people. And in one-on-one conversations with our regional vice presidents and district managers, all of them feel very confident they can do that because they think they're going to get some pretty quick improvements. So overall, Dan and I are not afraid of it in the macro number from an earnings in the fourth quarter and the first quarter because if we do this right, we think it will actually be a positive in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Willard D. Oberton: That's not the profitability. What I meant by that is 15% more hours in the store. So if I have 3 people today working in the store, doing say, 140 hours a week, I'd want to add 15% to that number or roughly 20 more hours into that store to free up time. And if we really could free -- put 20 hours a week in a store and most -- the majority of that time, and not all of it is going to be spent on selling. If we could add 10 to 15 hours of selling every week in every store, we would see an impact very quickly is what we believe.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, it's not really freeing it up. If you look at the fact we're going to add 100 to 150 FTE a month, you can really do the math on that looking at our macro. But it's really -- here's what they are today, here's what they're adding. And it really adds up to about 1.5, I believe about 1.5% more hours per month going forward if you just run the math on it.
Willard D. Oberton: We are -- we've said this a couple of times. We are working the vending at 5,300, 5,400 machines a quarter would still give us. Now could we move it up a little bit, maybe get to 6,000 or 6,500? Yes. But if you look at any other period in time 5,500 or 5,300 would have been a fantastic number. So we're still very committed, and so I think we are working both sides of it. Like I said earlier in the call, I'm actually quite happy that we've backed off the pressure and only lost, not a tremendous amount, quarter-to-quarter. And year-over-year, we had nice growth.
Willard D. Oberton: I don't want to comment on it because we'll see what the stores do. Because we've committed to the stores to back off on hammering it. Let's see what it does naturally. What we're really going to the stores with is let's get our incremental sales growth above the historical pattern, and if we're able to do that, we'll give you labor. With that, we expect you to move your incremental pattern up. And if we're able to do that, we'll position ourselves in the first quarter of 2014 to have a very good year in 2014, and end 2013 on a stronger note.
Daniel L. Florness: Hamzah, this is Dan. First off, experience has taught us whenever we try to predict on the 10th of the month, our odds of being incorrect are incredibly high. And so we tend not to go down that path, especially in the July month because with the Fourth of July, it even adds a little more uncertainty. But our expectations, going into the tail half the year, we think we're doing some things on the headcount side, on the vending side, on a whole bunch of aspects of our business to position us better for the upcoming months and the last months.
Daniel L. Florness: As we touched on, the -- it's been essentially treading water for some time. And earlier in the spring, we thought it was very weather-centered because we really had a tough weather pattern. I mean, I know from first-hand knowledge we had snow storm here in the first week of May and a lot of the upper Midwest was hit hard. And so there was some weather going on. But when I look at the May numbers in total, I look at the June numbers, I mean the construction is weak. As I touched -- alluded to earlier, there are some things that we're doing, testing a few hundred stores with putting some more products in, that we've seen some positive results from, and it's going to cause us to take -- expand that more in some additional locations. As far as predicting where it could go, your guess is as good as mine.
Daniel L. Florness: On the gross margin, it does give us a little pressure because our construction business does run at -- or runs at slightly higher gross margin, so there's a little mix issue there. And I was just trying to identify pluses and minuses to gross margin.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, the thing, I think, I'll add is just based on sometimes asking a bunch of questions behind the scene, and you learn some things. And I think part of the issue is, Ryan, you mentioned quality of machine. I would phrase it a little differently. I'd say some of them, the quality of the implementation. That's been our issue. The right parts -- are the right parts in it? Are we providing a high level of service? And are we -- a lot of times, you might have a machine that goes in, and inertia is a powerful thing. And it might have been on day 1 we're putting this machine in -- part of the agreement was some business getting turned over to us because some of the stuff in the machine we're already selling to the customer. And 3 months later, 6 months later has that happened, and are we popping in -- am I popping into Lee and say, "Hey, Lee, you said you're going to turn this $500 worth of this over to me." We're just not seeing that activity yet. And Lee is like, "Yes, you're right. We got to get that going."
Daniel L. Florness: And the other dynamic that's going on, and I also touched on this earlier, is right now, 44% of our stores have more than 10 vending machines. So we're not too far from half of our stores having more than 10 machines. We're going to have the impact of our centralized vending distribution model taking some pressure off the stores. So we'll see where that number takes us, from the standpoint of we've always been very good at being decentralized when it comes to decision-making, being more centralized when it comes to areas where we can be more efficient like distribution.
Daniel L. Florness: I think we can maintain that range, or it will become challenging, and this is a good problem. If our sales growth moves up, and our profit payout moves up, it can move that percentage around, but I think we all would agree that'd be a good problem.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, very good. It's 9:44. We try to hold these calls to 45 minutes. So thanks again, everybody, for participating in the call today, and thanks for your continued support in Fastenal. Have a good day.
