Daniel L. Florness: I'm going to be perfectly honest. I don't know that we know, and I'll say that in a couple of ways. We still don't know yet from our non-North American business what that means for store openings into the future. We just don't know. If I center the answer on North America, what we know about the market is it's big, $140 billion to $150 billion. It's $160 billion a year, depending on whose math you're looking at. And we have somewhere between 2% and 3% market share. And historically, a lot of our eggs are in the store opening basket. And with 'pathway to profit', we really took a step away from that and said, "There's a whole bunch of ways for us to go out and go after this market share, and we have this network that's out there that is -- that has unbelievable capabilities." And that's balanced our total growth drivers across more channels. So we put tools in the hand not just of an area where we're more sparse but area where we're more dense. I mean, when I look at the growth we continue to see in the Upper Midwest in a business that we've been in for 40-plus years -- and we're doing it with a combination of store openings, vending, government, the whole gamut as far as growth drivers. We think 2% to 4% is a good number for 2013. 2014 and 2015, we'll see when we get there. Long way of truly not answering your question but saying the opportunity is so big that we don't want to pin ourselves into the corner of saying, "It has to go from this one thing." It comes from a variety. But when I think of, for example, the Government business, and I don't know in our products how big the government is, but if you read the headline, government is 20% of our economy. So if we have 2,500 locations, I'm using that so I can do the math in my head, and we add a 20% potential to that, that's like opening 500 stores. So is that a better route to go down in the short term or it's a goal of store openings, I think it's a combination of the 2, but I'll take that Government business.
Daniel L. Florness: Okay. First off, a couple of different questions there. First, on the breakpoint, my comment a year ago, '12 and '13, I'm glad to say I was wrong. I think part of it is maybe I'm Midwestern, and I'm an accountant, so it makes me probably too conservative and not willing to put my neck out and say we could do it at 10%, because I didn't think we could. So that's just, I think, good execution, especially in the face of the gross profit dynamic going on, which made it more challenging. On the vending machine, I'm not sure if I'm following your math on the 100% pieces. And in fact, I think I'll kind of restate it back the way we have it. And I'll think out loud a second, and then I'll give you a third question to follow up on my answer. But the way I think about it is the customers that are coming into that group when we introduced vending, our -- that overall business is growing at 30%, and that includes the weight, if you will, of the customers that have anniversary-ed, the customers that had vending a year ago and 2 years ago, because we're looking at that combined group. I think if you're talking about vending being up over 100% because you're looking at the new machines and the dollars going through it, you're just -- you're taking the math and saying, "Okay, 24% of your sales are with customers with vending, and that number is X percent bigger than it was a year ago," you're comparing apples and oranges. Because we have customers that we had a year ago that didn't have vending that have vending today. So when we talk about the percentage of our sales that is vending, that includes customers that have been buying from us for years. We're just now looking at it and saying, "How big is that pool growing, and how big was that customer base a year ago?" and -- which I think is the best way to look at it, because it's really "How much is it impacting your business?" not "What is the dollar growth going through a machine?" Because that's really not a meaningful number. I'm not sure if I answered your question right then [ph]. The other thing I guess I would look at and say if I look at our dollars per machine and I try to understand that dynamic, is it improving or getting worse? It's at or a little bit better than it was a year ago. And so from that standpoint, I don't think there's any dilution going on because of the different models of machines, but there is some impact. When we report our machine count, we're reporting just our absolute count. Here's vending [ph] machines we have out there. And in that mix, there's the traditional FAST 5000 with the locker systems. There's some hydration machines. I think that's what we call it. And there are some cutting tool machines. So there's a variety of machines, and they have different potentials as far as throughput. And the way we measure it is we look at lockers and we say, "We think they have about 1/2 a potential." So when we're looking at dollars per machine, we look at that as a half. But I don't know if I just thought out loud and did a brain dump and didn't answer the question? Maybe Will has a better answer.
Daniel L. Florness: We're cautious. We're investing aggressively. I mean, we're putting vending machines out there. We're adding up -- we're adding sales potential into our organization every day, but we are cautious when we're looking at how we manage our expenses.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I guess I'm going to answer it by talking about if I look at the subset of the business that goes through the vending machine, that number is then -- if we have a $10,000 customer, $2,200 or $2,300 of that, so about 22%, 23% is actually physically going through the machine, but the products that are going through the machine, Sam, could be products that we've been -- there are 40 slots in a machine. 10 of those slots could be items that we've been selling to that customer for years. And it's just now we're selling it using the vending machine as the vehicle, and the other 30 slots or 20 slots or 10 slots are now new products. But the discussion we have with the customer is really one of economics. We're bringing this machine that we believe will help your business. And what we need is a couple of thousand dollars of incremental business with you. And let's use a worst-case scenario. Let's use a scenario where the customer is spending $3,000 a month of business but now going to -- 100% of it's going to go through the vending machine. And I know based on the value of that vending machine brings, that $3,000 spend that we've had with -- that customer had with us is probably going to go down to $1,800 or $2,000, because when it goes through a vending machine, there's more accountability to the product. And so our discussion with that customer is we need, in total, to take your business from $10,000 to $12,000.
Daniel L. Florness: And the last data I looked at, I think the relationship is about 2 or 2.2 machines per customer. So there's 8,000 customers right now that have vending. Rough numbers. And Lee might have a better number. And so there's a big universe of customers out there that we have today that we put vending into, even based on our definition of, 3 years ago, what the FAST 5000 is. We've added the whole fleet of machines now. We've broadened the audience of customers that could have vending. We've decreased the size that we need to run through the machine and decreased the size of the customer. So I don't think there's a market limitation for us, unless you want to start talking about 2020.
Daniel L. Florness: The impact is going to continue to grow because the number of machines is growing so fast. And so that adds in layers of potential.
Daniel L. Florness: Once again, as we mentioned at the start of the call, we would like to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's call, and we look forward to discussions in the future. Have a good day, everybody.
Willard D. Oberton: This is Will. I think a lot of it is quite similar. Our machines are Internet-based appliances, which we think is an advantage, because they're more dependable. Some of the other companies offer a machine that has a PC built into it. Same system that we used to offer 4 or 5 years ago, and we find ours are far more dependable. Because it's a PC-based appliance, it's also a lower-cost system and so we're able to provide them at somewhat lower cost. The inventory in some customers is consigned inventory. In other customers, the customers choose to own it. But the majority is consigned. Some of our competition does consigned inventory, and some of them have the customers own it. I think one of our biggest advantages, compared to the big public companies that we all know of, is our local branch network, because this is a physical business. If you think about the person who's supplying your soda machines or pop machines in the office, those people aren't driving from 3 or 4 hours away in many cases. Our local branch adds a service element that's going to be very hard to duplicate for some of our competitors. I know some of our competitors, their strategy is to ship it into the factory and then have the factory workers put the product away. But I would guess if your person providing the vending machines at your office said that they'll just ship the product to the dock, and you guys can put it away in the morning, probably you'd find -- or you may find a new supplier. So we have that local advantage that really gives us some leverage, and we have this distribution network to move the product more efficiently. But machine to machine, product to product, it's not that dissimilar.
Willard D. Oberton: The way I look at it, Dave, as I look at the incremental growth off this group of customers, this group of customers represented almost 60%. If you take 25 -- roughly 25% of your business grew 20 points faster than the overall company, the average of that represents the majority of our incremental growth. And we lay that against the expense of the vending program. But then from the vending program, we can also look at it at a different way and, say, we're putting expense of all these machines into our occupancy, because we really think it's just offsite storage, and our occupancy is not outgrowing our revenue, because Dan's group is doing such a great job. So we're really building this into our old P&L working model. And so it's very accretive business when you look at it that way. It's a great growth driver. But we can talk more and try and clear up. I'm a little confused, too, with the question.
Willard D. Oberton: And one thing that we did mention on the call is that we've introduced a lot of new technologies and efficiencies into our business that have helped us lower that breakeven down to somewhere below 10%, I guess, if you look at the numbers. Those are things that will continue to benefit us for years, and it's throughout our organization, electronic billing and accounting, the automation in our warehouses. And we've introduced 2 or 3 major things to the stores from point of sale, simplifying the pricing, simplifying the process of -- processing of orders with the goal of being the most efficient distributor in the industry. These are things that have a long tail on and will continue to benefit. So where that breakeven is at any given time will depend on our view. And if we're very bullish, we'll invest heavier, and that will slide up. If we're very conservative, which we're not right now, we're cautiously conservative, we'll pull that down and be able to lower that number. We have better levers on that than we've ever had, because we're not adding the cost of the fixed overhead of the stores. That was a big thing that you couldn't do much about once you had it.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, anecdotally, Sam, when you talk to store managers that had not bought into this, they'll tell you that they see 3 or 4 customers in their market that may be a potential. And when you visit stores that have done very well, stores that have 20 or 30 machines, and we have several of those now, and you ask them what their market potential is, with -- the lowest numbers I hear are 50. And most of the people say, "Oh, I'll get well over 100 in my store." And so once that the store managers start to see this, the numbers become so much larger, I'm almost shaking my head, going, "Wow." But these are the guys in the field, these are the guys that understand it. And so it's really about opening the eyes, and the numbers will continue to grow, as Dan said, as we get different machines for smaller customers and larger customers. It's simply a better way to deliver our product.
Willard D. Oberton: No, there really weren't. One thing I noticed about September, Ryan, is the consistency throughout the United States. If you look at the growth region by region, it's probably the narrowest group that you -- band that you've seen in a long time. Nobody had a real bad month, and there's really no one that had a great month, which -- consistency is good for us. We did see a nice uptick, though, in our international business. Part of that was driven by currency, but overall, even the unit growth was up internationally. So it was consistent. It was, for the most part, consistent through the month. We had a little bit of a stronger finish, but we do our daily analysis and we bring the sales in, and we ended up about 200 basis points ahead of where we had estimated even before halfway through the month. Some early days into the month, we were estimating in that high 12s, and that's where we ended up just a little bit about -- or 12.9%. So very consistent pattern, consistent across the United States and steady as the month went. So that was -- it was all positive.
Willard D. Oberton: I think the other thing, and we don't know how to measure this, is there's a lot of built-up -- there's a lot of energy going into this project today. But it's really delayed, because it takes us about 90 days to install a machine after we sign it. And it really takes us, on Dan's analysis, another 60 to 90 days to get everything flowing, because what happens in most cases is the customers we sign up have a lot of inventory. Whether we sell it to them or the other guys did, they have a stock that we have to burn through. And many times, we'll actually put that in our machines and burn the inventory through whether it's ours or theirs. So the reality is if I sign a machine today, it's probably March before I see much gain. So we have a lot of energy and selling that has a delayed, positive effect, which is actually a great thing, because it will come through. The other part, you have that. The other is with all that energy, we're probably not working as hard on some other things we should, because we only have so many hours in a day. So it's where you put your time. And as Dan mentioned, fasteners, they're probably suffering because of some of this -- Lee has a comment.
