Willard D. Oberton: Ryan, we look at Good Friday as probably -- it's more than 0.5 day. So if you said 60%, we would have lost about $5 million, which would be 2 percentage points. I hadn't looked at it that way, but I mean, that's what the math would be. It was a slow finish, Good Friday was, but it's also a slow month.
Willard D. Oberton: To answer the first part, all of the stores have the price guidance system. We just haven't deployed it to all customer groups. So just might be clear on that. And where the margin can go, we're not sure. We're not going to speculate on the margin. We believe there's still upside improvement. And the question or the second question, do we think it's affecting sales? No, we really -- and Lee's here, too. I can let him jump in, but I have heard no anecdotal, any stories about losing business because of price guidance. Could there be some? Of course. But that's not what we're hearing back.
Willard D. Oberton: That has not changed one bit. The stores determine the targets. We're targeting every customer that we believe can use the system. And there are just thousands and thousands -- I mean, it's endless, the opportunities. But it starts with our current customers within our current market base within each store. And so there is -- it's not a targeting, it's the stores are going out knocking on doors and deploying the technology.
Willard D. Oberton: No, I haven't either. But if -- it's not just the late spring, it's the fact that last year we had a very early spring. And I was talking to one of our district managers in the northern region. And in March, he said his business was down 15% over last year, lost business because the construction hadn't started up. And last year, it rolled in 6 weeks early. So March, there's an impact. And if you look at the weather this week, major winter storm coming all the way from Colorado. I mean, we have stores shut down all over the place in Nebraska today. Minnesota is going to be shut down this afternoon. We're supposed to get 14 inches of snow in Minneapolis. So it's just a different weather pattern, and construction is greatly affected by that. But it should all work out over time.
Willard D. Oberton: What I -- The comment I made on March being a slow finish was all about Good Friday. It was not -- the month was pretty consistent throughout, ending the month on Good Friday slows down the finish. We were not going to -- we don't comment on the current month. We never have done that. Maybe Lee could talk about the customers? Lee and Dan both were with many customers last week.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, we do keep pushing on the initiatives, to answer that part of your question. We have to look hard at our expenses. There aren't a lot of areas to squeeze because we haven't had a lot of labor, but we'll take a very hard look at everything that we can pull back on. We will look -- basically, tighten up the business everywhere that we can. But we're not going to give up on the big picture because even if we did get into a recession, we found that that's a good time to invest and a good time to take market share. We would do that as inexpensively or as frugally as possible. So as far as our overall plan, we'll continue to push metalworking, government vending, our fastener initiative that we're working on as hard as we can. We won't add -- if anything, our headcounts would probably drop in that scenario. As you know, our pay program or our comp [indiscernible] table, so we would save some money there. And we would continue to drive the business forward. That's in the last 2 or 3 slowdowns, that's what we've done and it's rewarded us in the future.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. In the store inventory, we're always trying different things, and safety is one that's been growing very rapidly, a lot of it being driven by vending because it really fits. On the fastener side, we don't see expand -- well, I guess what we commented on in the fasteners is we're going to add a new selection of fasteners that's really just small bags to service the customer faster. It's one of the efficiency things we've talked about. So a customer can come in and buy a $2 or $3 package, which we didn't have in the past. But our OEM initiative is back in August of last year. We've put a person in, he's the gentleman who ran Europe for us, came back from Europe, and he has launched a very aggressive plan to go out and sell a more consistent sales plan to large OEM fastener accounts. It's a list of about 3,000 customers. We estimate the opportunity with these customers between $2.5 billion and $3 billion annually. And it's going forward very well. It's really about making a consistent effort to call on these customers every quarter, every quarter, and then continue to monitor that. At some level -- and I already say this, but at some level, I think we have dropped the ball a little bit on fasteners because we've been so focused on some of these other things. And so this is an effort to bring that back quickly. We're very, very good at distributing fasteners.
Willard D. Oberton: And I think a more important measure is what percentage of our customers have deployed the technology and how is that customer subset doing versus machine-by-machine. It's a much better macro measurement.
Willard D. Oberton: And Holden, I think it's even -- one thing, the way I look at it, is when the stores really seem to take off is when they have, say, 7 to 10 machines. If you're to talk, and I do this almost every week with managers, if you were to talk to a manager that has more than 10 machines and you ask them what their market potential is, they'll give you a number. Almost every time, they'll give you a number north of 7,500, as high as 200. If you talk to a manager that has 1 or 2 machines deployed, they'll give you a number of 10 or 20 in a very similar market. Until you've done it, they don't see the potential. And once they see that, they take off. And that's why I'm bullish on our opportunity to improve as we have 92% that haven't signed, but we only have about 40% to 50% of our stores that have meaningful numbers that are really knee-deep into it. And those are the people -- as that rolls over, I think we're going to continue to see acceleration. Because even though our sales only grew daily 6.5%, we still signed 25% more machines off of a very big number in the first quarter of 2012. It wasn't a soft number we were going against.
Willard D. Oberton: And it's not vendings that drag, it's being sold to larger customers -- to larger customer segments that drag, sorry.
Willard D. Oberton: If you add it all up, it's going to be roughly 30% if we increase gross margin by say $1 million incrementally, we'll pay out about $300,000 of that when you layer all the programs done. We pay a premium for gross margin because it's hard to do. It's hard to produce. That's hard work.
LeLand J. Hein: Yes. I would definitely add, Ryan, that it would only be true if the system was so rigid that we would then offer the flexibility of our folks to look at an order and take it if it makes sense to our business. And that is, again, a culture, a piece of the culture within our company that we've always been flexible to the point to be wise and take orders when it makes sense.
LeLand J. Hein: Yes. In 3 days, I had the chance to spend with customers, large customers, current customers. And there is just a general feeling of caution in the market. There's no question about it. When you talk to our suppliers, when you talk to our current customers -- now, I am talking about customers we've had relationships for years, and some of our National Accounts, there is just a general feeling and there is a concern with the state of the economy. And you could feel it during the show for 3 days.
LeLand J. Hein: And Sam, I just want to jump in. To just clear the air on vending, every sales call, you need -- we go into it to determine the proper solutions. So think pick and shovel. I mean, we could have 2 completely different solutions for a customer, and we have no idea where that's going to go. So we don't have any goal, lofty goals of 5,000s and 10,000s on lockers. We go to the customer, the customer has a problem, we bring a solution, think pick and shovel, and that's all the vending kind of goes where it goes based on the call.
Daniel L. Florness: When I look at the margin profile, that really doesn't come up when I'm looking at machines. But what really, I think, comes up if you look at the machines is you're looking at them and saying -- over the last several years, we've deployed now 25,000 machines. And when you do anything quickly and you're running along -- if I'm running along carrying a bucket of water, I'm spilling water as I go along. Are there machines out there that are underperforming right now? Absolutely. I'd rather have 25,000 machines out there and have a couple of thousand underperforming than have 15,000 machines out there and we're hitting home runs on every one. We have a team in place, and we've expanded that team in recent months, over the last 6 months, to really go back and look at some of the underperforming machines that have been deployed. Typically what you find out, there's a small percentage of machines that are in situations that don't make sense. But that's the exception, not the norm. The real issue is, do we have the right products in the machines? Do we have a sense of urgency about, "Is this machine bringing value to our customer?" We have machines out there doing $500 a month, doing $600 a month. Our challenge is, we're not giving a service to our customer with that $500 or $600 a month machine. And we sure as heck aren't giving a return to our sales on the deployment of that machine. So it's our job to constantly be looking at those and improve that, because improving that would give us a nice surge in growth right there. But there are a few thousand machines out there that are less than satisfactory. But I would expect that at this juncture in the process.
Daniel L. Florness: Actually, as we mentioned in January call, and I did tweak the language a little bit in our press release. Our message to our folks internally was, coming into 2012, here is a goal for us to go after, and we crushed that goal. And like any entrepreneurial sales-centered organization, we upped the ante in the next go-around, and we challenged ourselves internally. Can we hit 30,000? And to me, that's not -- when I think of that number, that tells me that we're after a very aggressive goal. In there, we talk about a 30,000 run rate. And what I mean by that is we expect -- I don't want to soften our position, but we expect to hit 7,500 in a quarter. I don't know if we hit that in the second quarter. I don't know if we hit that in the third and fourth. I don't honest -- right now, I don't believe we'll hit 30,000 machines for the year. I do believe we have the potential to hit a 30,000 run rate during the year. Now that might mean we hit 7,500 a quarter in the third and fourth quarter. Right now, we -- I mentioned we exited the quarter with about a 6,200 run rate per quarter. So you take that out, you have a 24,000 annual run rate, if you take that times 4. But I believe we have the ability and the marketplace capable to accept this of hitting 7,500 during this year. Don't know if it will be second quarter, don't know if it will be third quarter.
Daniel L. Florness: Sam, I wouldn't give too much thought to it. One thing to keep in mind, when we report the numbers, so if I look at the table that's in the release right now and we talk about the 25,000 machines we have right now or if I look at the 21,000 we had at year end, we actually had about 25,000 machines operating at year end. But on the 3-door lockers and I believe the 12-door lockers, we count those as a half. So we take the 8,000 lockers, crunched that down to 4,000 and we report to you 21,000. And the reason we're doing that, we don't expect the same revenue throughput in a locker, a small locker than we would in a FAST 5000. So we want to normalize the number to our targets. And so we don't give too much thought to, "Hey, are we rolling out 2 lockers here or 1 FAST 5000 here?" It's about, "Are we deploying equipment and is that deployed equipment producing revenue and giving us a return?" And we keep it that simple.
Daniel L. Florness: If I go back to the end of 2011 and I look at the number of machines that we have deployed, and I look at what's -- how many stores are actually driving the number, at the end of 2011, about 2/3 of our stores actually had a vending machine deployed. And that number had gone from 27% of our -- 30% of our stores to about 2/3 of our stores, so 1/3 to 2/3 over that -- the previous 12 months. And what really launched us last year is the fact that we had more -- we introduced an incentive. Obviously, that had an impact. But we had more stores with hands-on knowledge about vending at the end of the year that we did a start. At the end -- if I look at it right now, 92% of our stores have at least one vending machine deployed. So the percent of our population that -- there's 2 types of knowledge. One type of knowledge is, hey, you get how the -- my knowledge on vending is I get how the vending machine works. But I can't sit down with somebody and actually talk to them about a customer that has vending of mine where I'm filling the vending machine and I can talk directly about how this improves the business and why it works. 92% of our people today have hands-on knowledge of vending versus 2/3 a year ago and 1/3 the year before that. To me, that's the biggest comfort zone is that, as I get months under my belt with vending, I can sell it better.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess I don't -- we're not ready to move out of that range right now. We'll see a few more quarters if we're ready to move out of that range. As we said in previous calls, we get pretty itchy when we're in the bottom half of that range, so we feel a lot better about it today. If you think about our initiatives, though, there's still some headwinds in our initiatives and tailwinds. There are some of both. If I lay them on pros and cons, a pro would be exclusive brands. There's an opportunity -- said in another way, private label. There's an opportunity for us to expand gross margin through private label. On the negative side of the ledger, vending right now is a little bit of a drag on gross margin.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. Yes, to clarify. Because the vending sales -- a customer with vending sales, their margin isn't negatively impacted by vending. It's no different than National Accounts as a percentage of our business has grown from 5% to 40% over the last 15 years. That's been a drag on gross margins. So that piece. The OEM fastener initiative has the potential to be a drag. Even though it's fasteners, it's high-volume fasteners going in -- a limited number of SKUs going into large customers, so you have a potential for a drag there. So we're not ready to move out of the 51% to 53%, but we are comfortable we're going to be in the upper half of that zone, and we have potential to improve in the future. And I think the odds of us being willing to move out of that range a few quarters from now is a lot better than it would have been if we were having this discussion a year ago.
Daniel L. Florness: First off on the occupancy side. The real drivers of our increase wasn't 2 subcategories with occupancy. Vending was the biggest driver. When you look at the amount of vending we've added over the last 12 months, it's a staggering number. So it's moved that number north. So when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it added to the operating expenses. The second one is, probably the biggest variable within our store side, in an environment where we're adding 3% more stores, we can manage through that from just the rent expense, if you will, because we continue to do a nice job in negotiating and improving our rent picture. But last year, you had a very, very insignificant winter, if that's the right way to say it. If you look at our -- if you go back to our first quarter report of the year ago, we were feeling really good about what we've done on the energy side because you had a mild winter, seeing much less heating cost. You had rates coming down, so you had a double-dip, and we had a very attractive occupancy number a year ago. This winter, we had a cold winter. We had a long winter, and so we spent significantly more dollars heating our locations than we did last year. Those 2 things are really the story when I think of occupancy. When I look at -- remaining components of SG&A, if you look at what happened in our business -- and I don't know if you're thinking of SG&A from a sequential standpoint, Brent, if we look at it year-over-year.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. If I look at it year-over-year, the real drivers of increase -- our FTE is down or our FTE doesn't tell the full story of what's going on with our payroll because in the fall, we reduced some headcount on the part-time side. And so the FTE delta, if you will, from where we would have been versus where we are, isn't our most expensive group of employees. So that's one item. The other is, you had 105 basis points or thereabouts to your gross margin. You pay out more commissions. So our commission rate is higher to date, and it meaningfully outgrew our sales growth. I consider that a high-class problem. The other thing that's an important component is in our profit sharing program, we have a couple of distinct pieces to profit sharing. One is, when our profit gets above 16%, we share a piece of that with our employees. When our profit gets above 20%, we share another layer of profit-sharing. So if I look at our profit-sharing number in first quarter to first quarter, it's up. I don't have the number in front of me, but 23%, 24%. And so while we're doing a nice job managing the headcount, some of our incentive pay, as it relates to our national leadership, our regional leadership and our district leadership, is negatively impacted because our earnings growth isn't where we want it to be, so just the way our mechanic programs work. But on other pieces, a lot of it is about, not sales growth, it's about gross profit dollar growth. And that drives -- and pretax earnings. Those are the 2 things that really drive a lot of our payout. So we have nice expansion in gross profit margin. We have expansion in our pretax margin. That drives some SG&A expense. And again, we consider that a high-class problem. It doesn't link right with the FTE numbers, but it is a driver of our expense.
Daniel L. Florness: Again, as we suggested at the start of the call, thank you for your continued interest in Fastenal. For those of you that have had the opportunity to read through our earnings release, I apologize for the fact that it's 19 pages long. Back in college, I was a Cliffs Notes guy, so I didn't like long documents. But hopefully you find the document useful and it gives a good level of understanding to our business as you're looking at your investment in Fastenal and, hopefully, your expanded investment in Fastenal. Thank you, and have a good day.
