Robert McCarthy: Congratulations on a great quarter, great gross margins. So I guess the first question I'd have is maybe you just can walk through and give a little bit more complexion around the pricing environment, what you're seeing, a little maybe color around fasteners and then MRO and how you're approaching that.
Robert McCarthy: I mean, so the second question is on the oil and gas side. Maybe you could talk through with the Gulf regions, the Dakotas, what you're seeing there, maybe Canada as well, and just give us some sense of how you're thinking about ring fencing exposure as we're seeing another oil swoon and we could see a repeat of '14, '15.
Robert McCarthy: Final question is just on Onsite deployment. Have you gained any incremental knowledge about how -- yes.
Daniel Florness: Yes. So I think what we said in the past is if we continue to see demand get better and the environment remains somewhat inflationary, then a window would probably open for us to take advantage of a little bit of pricing as the market affords. And we sort of deemed the second quarter to be consistent with those themes. And so we saw the opportunity out to be a little bit more prudent with price, knowing that we were going to see costs coming down the pike in the latter half of the year and so we went forward with that. The environment remains consistent, I think, with that sort of take on it. And we would expect -- we've seen the pricing that has come into the market stick in the market at this point. I would expect that you'd probably see a little bit more incremental benefit in the third quarter before you get to the fourth quarter when some of the costs are starting to step up. I will tell you that, initially, I think that the market was more supportive on the nonfastener products. I think going forward, you'll see it become more supportive on the fastener products given what we've seen out of steel. But as I said, it's just the market opened up a little bit in the second quarter It should remain open a little in the third quarter. By the time you get into the fourth quarter, you'll probably start to see the cost move through our supply chain and begin to catch up a little bit with the -- with what the market has allowed from pricing.
Daniel Florness: Yes, I mean, I can tell you that those regions of our business that we typically associate with oil and gas, they continued through June to outgrow the business as a whole. So those regions still, certainly, the facts on the ground are favorable. And I think in terms of the tone, talking to the RVPs on those regions, the tone is still fairly encouraged as well. So that's an area that's been strengthening over the past, call it, 5 to 6 months. And I didn't, at this stage, I didn't really note any real change in sentiment from folks internally around that end market.
Daniel Florness: I'll just add a piece to that, and that is a fundamental thought about how we think about the business, and I'll go back to how we started the call: Grow your sales, grow your earnings, think big. And from what you know about Fastenal for the last 50 years or actually last 30 years that we've been public, gross margin's an important part of our business because it's the -- it funds our ability to do the things we do and to grow the business. And so it's very important. For that matter, during the start of April, even tweaked away our regional leaders are paid to include a component for gross margin, dollar growth, not percentage, dollar growth, because it's about our growth drivers really center on helping us grow the business faster, knowing that some of the offshoot of that is the gross margin environment over time is challenging. So we'd look at it and say, "Where do our cost structure need to be 2 and 5 years from now?" and that's what we're obsessing about. But day-to-day, we're working on all the levers, and as Holden mentioned, those levers went in our direction. What makes me feel better about sustainability is the fact that we picked up 5 or 7 or 8 basis points from a bunch of different places and that makes it a little stickier. It's still a challenging environment, and our growth drivers are still going to have the drag on our gross margin that we've talked about for the last 1.5 years, 2 years, and that reality hasn't changed. As far as the last part where it starts with a number that I'm not going to mention out loud. Kind of like Voldemort in Harry Potter, I'm not going to mention it out loud because that's not where our head's at. Our head is at growing sales, growing earnings and thinking big.
Daniel Florness: Yes, first off, on the underlying question of the 3,200 or 3,500 potential locations that we've talked about. That was always predicated on the fact that we saw a certain size of market. And that size of market changed as our product lines changed. So if you'd have been looking at that company that went public back in 1987 that was basically in selling fasteners, we looked at our market as $15 billion, maybe a $20 billion opportunity. And someday, we'd have 500 Fastenal locations across North America selling nuts and bolts. As we moved into the mid-1990s, we were expanding our product lines, we were our decentralized nature, we had a chunk of business that was outside that fastener product line. And we looked at that and said, boy, we can really be successful in the non-fastener products. The market's a lot bigger, and over time, that number grew to 1,000 potential and 2,000, and ultimately, about 3,500 locations in North America. And as I said, included U.S., Canada and Mexico. I'm not intelligent nor informed enough to give a comment on outside of North America at this time. That number is intact from the standpoint of there's this $150 billion, $160 billion market out there, and we think we can continue to enjoy an ever larger piece of that market. I think the 3,500 number is potentially overstated to our branch network, understated to our -- Holden's new term is in-market network. Because the Onsite strategy really changes that, so I believe ultimately, we go well above that number. But it's not exclusively branches. It’s branches and Onsites over time, and the vending. The wildcard on your second part of the question about occupancy, we categorize both our vending platform and our FMI, which is Fastenal Managed Inventory platform as part of occupancy. That's principally what’s driving to grow now. And that will continue to be the principal wildcard in there. And we're going to keep investing in growing our vending business.
Daniel Florness: The -- I think, exclusive brands is certainly one of those. Right now, I think exclusive brands is probably about 12%, 13% of our total company sales. And frankly, we think that over some period of time, that should probably approach 20%. So we think that there's significant opportunity still in exclusive brands. We've been very pleased with how CSP has played out for us. And that basically is taking product, putting it into the marketplace and making it available. Its one reason why construction is trending the way it is, and its one reason why our margins are trending the way it is. So but what those really come down to is just us managing our supply chain really well. And I think that we'll continue to find ways to do that. And absolutely, exclusive brands are going to be part of the equation. I think that we're going to do, not CSP as the same size that we did last year, but there are ongoing CSPs to continue to tweak and improve the inventory in the field, to make it available. And I think that's going to continue to improve the market, the market space as well as the margin. Those are sort of the 2 that come to mind, frankly, as being -- having tremendous opportunity going forward.
Daniel Florness: Dave, I'm just going to chime in on that just to think out loud for a second. We've talked about the Onsite model and the fact that operating margin-wise, it does have lower operating margins than our business today. And -- but when I look at the business and the regional businesses within Fastenal that have the greatest concentration of Onsite business within their business unit, they also have the highest operating margins in the company. Because if you look at it in a static sense, if we just plopped a bunch of Onsites in our business today and our store network is static, in short, yes, it'd be dilutive to our operating margins. Our returns would be just fine because it requires less working capital to support, but it would be dilutive. But the pathway to profit that we talked about for the last decade, it's still intact, and our store network, [inaudible] our branch network is improving everyday as the average store branch size increases. And so while it is dilutive, it's no less or no more dilutive than non-fasteners, and National Accounts have been to our business over the last 20 years. You -- the business continues to evolve. Your average location revenue continues to go up. And that's probably the strongest anti-dilutive or profit-enhancing component we have within the models, that pathway to profit's still there.
Daniel Florness: I'll chime in on that for Holden's benefit. To me, the biggest component, and Holden touched on it a second when he talked about the signings of the Onsites and what that means. So those 68 Onsites we signed in the quarter, those will largely turn on in the next 3 to 4 -- 3 to 5 months. And some of the signings from the first quarter have yet to turn on. And I think it's safe to say you're probably going to see, and I hope you see this because it tells you the Onsite has taken off, you're probably going to see in the short term, 1 to 3 employees. So let's just say it's a couple. That would imply we're probably adding 150 people, 140 people just from the impact of the Onsite. The remainder will be more of a function of what our business is doing from the standpoint of growth. And the improvement we saw in the last 30 days and the underlying economy, I believe can continue to enhance the revenue on a per location basis and will potentially cause that number to be higher possibly between 200 and 300. Beyond that, I probably won't go too deep into it because a lot of it's going to depend on the needs. We manage that not centrally, we manage that locally. What we do centrally is we challenge folks with the facts. We point out our expense patterns. We point out the seasonal patterns of our business. It's really a reminder exercise. But just the fact that we have close to 70 Onsites that we'll be turning on, that's going to cause some headcount increase.
Daniel Florness: We're up at 9:45, and so I would just thank everybody again for your participation on today's calls or today's call. Say thank you to the Fastenal team. You put up a great quarter. And I'll close with 2 thoughts, and they really come from learning some lessons from my predecessors in this role. One is the power of having a fundamental belief in people and their ability to do great things and the value of having a business with structural advantages, and I'll keep building on those. Thanks, everybody.
Holden Lewis: We try to limit it to one and maybe a related follow-on. Otherwise, we won't get to quite a few people on queue
Holden Lewis: The -- I mean, so what we'll say about the gross margin is it can be hard to say quarter-to-quarter what's going to happen. I mean, the mix elements that we've called out before are still very much there. I mean, to the extent that we are successful with our Onsites and safety and things of that nature, the mix elements you called out are still there. They're not going away if we're successful with our growth drivers. If you think about the second quarter, it's not unusual for there to be a little bit of a seasonality, to keep margins flat, maybe slightly down. And frankly, I think this quarter, everything just kind of went our way. That's not necessarily the norm, if you will. So we'll just have to kind of see what Q3 and Q4 look like in that regard. But I mean, that said, I guess, there's 2 things that are working in our favor. And one is I do think in Q3, you might get a little bit of incremental contribution from price that you didn't get in Q2, again, before that begins to get worked off in Q4 from costs. But the other thing is there was really nothing unsustainable in the pieces that pushed up the gross margin, right? When you think about the shop leverage, when you think about the success that we're having with the CSP and the exclusive brands and things of that nature, there's nothing that's unsustainable in there. And so will they all move in the same direction in Q3 as they seem to in Q2? I mean, we'll have to wait and see. But we think that the fact that we have an opportunity to have a quarter like this, really reflects a lot of good things that we're doing in the field with a lot of initiatives. And we think that those things will certainly carry forward not just into the next quarter, but sort of beyond that. So that's how I'd characterize the gross margin environment.
Holden Lewis: Well, I think, frankly, you saw that in Q1, right? I mean, in Q1, I think there were a lot of questions around gross margin not being where everyone would have hoped that they would be. But we levered our payroll. We levered our occupancy. We didn't lever the freight within SG&A simply because the fuel costs were up as significantly as they were. And that stabilized this quarter, and this quarter we leveraged freight. So when you [inaudible] an occupancy and selling related transportation expense, that collectively is 85% to 90% of our SG&A. And we leveraged those pieces nicely in the first quarter. And we leveraged those pieces nicely in the second quarter. And one of the reasons why we're not obsessing over the fact that over a period of time our gross margins are likely to be down is because we do think that the growth initiatives that we have, they may be lower gross margin, but we think they're also inherently easier to leverage. And again, I think we saw that in Q1. I think we saw that in Q2. We have certainly emphasized to everybody within the organization that we need to continue to focus on leveraging that SG&A line. And yes, that remains a focus of ours. It's certainly not something that has just emerged this quarter.
Holden Lewis: The other thing I wanted to add to that is bear in mind that what you're seeing in terms of the public branches is those are really decisions that are being made in the field, right? Our people have the ability to decide if they want to open a store or a branch, then -- and there's a good economic reason to do so, then we've done some of that. If they decide that it's more prudent to close a branch either because they're pursuing other initiatives then they can decide to do that as well. But the decisions with regards to the stores at this point or the branches are really much more, much more being made in the field then they are any sort of corporate initiative, be aware of that as well.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And so with regard to the 68, just a one correction, those are signings, those aren't necessarily openings in the quarter. Once you sign one of these things up, it does -- there's a process that you need to go down before it's sort of open for business, if you will. So that's a short period and a technicality perhaps, but just to sort of clarify that. But the idea that these will be dilutive forever, we don't believe that, right? We're in the early stage of expanding the signings, expanding the openings and growing this within our revenue base. It began in 2015, it picked up speed in '16, and it is picking up further speed in '17. You're certainly right to say that when you first open these things up, they tend to be a little bit less profitable. As they age, they become somewhat more profitable. And by the way, that speed to profitability is probably faster than people give credit for. But this is a business model that today, sits in sort of the high-teens in terms of an operating margin. And as I see it, as time goes on, as the pathway to profit perhaps applies to this as it has our branches in the past, can these margins exceed where they sit today. And that's -- we're working very hard to kind of go there. But I think in terms of this sort of emerging bump, if you will, right, I mean as we have a high concentration of very new sites today, I think in 2017 and 2018, you probably have -- you probably have the fact that the initiative is so new dampening the margin, by the time you get into 2019, 2020, 2021, these -- ones you are opening today begin to age, I think they begin to work against that. And so I think you're sort of -- you're going down into the valley of this initiative in '17 and perhaps a good part of '18, but by the time you get to '19 and '20, I think there's certainly the potential for the margins to stabilize and improve on this initiative.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I'm really explaining sort of a component, if you will. Because again we would still expect the mix to be a drag. Seasonality can sort of historically suggest that Q3 margins are flat to maybe slightly down. And then we did have everything kind of move our way this quarter. And so as you move into Q3, yes, I think that there are going to be some incremental pricing that slips into Q3 before the cost catch up as you get into Q4. But how does that seasonality play out this year? Do some of these things that went our way this quarter, is it more of a balanced mix of pros and cons? It's really difficult for us to say. I don't see anything that is not sustainable over time with respect to what we're doing with the gross margin, but it's really hard for me to look at Q2 and understand the pieces with so much depth at this point to be able to give you a real, real concrete indication of where the quarter is going exactly.
Holden Lewis: And another thing to bear in mind is we've actually added heads every month this year. It was low initially, in January, 13 heads, but in June, we added 178, right? So you're already seeing the headcount react to the trend in the marketplace and that sort of thing. And I would expect that you would continue to see that sort of thing. We have emphasized that we still need to leverage this line, and that is our intention. Bear in mind that last year at this time, when the marketplace looked significantly weaker, we were actually letting attrition work our headcount down in the back half of 2016. What you're going to be entering into in the second half of this year is you're going to be coming up against that sort of attrition in the back half of '16 even as we're adding now because of better heads. So I think that what we've been seeing is addition of heads all year. I think we'll continue to see that. But you will see the year-over-year numbers flip from negatives in the first half of this year to positives just because of the sort of the cadence of how we've treated heads over the last 1.5 years.
