Holden Lewis: Yes. So at this point, we had a gap between fasteners and non-fasteners this year that I think was about 17 percentage points of growth. I would not expect that to continue. I think your question is how far does that come back. Currently, I'm kind of assuming that growth of fasteners and non-fasteners will be comparable, right? I think the comps are going to be tougher in fasteners. I think the comps are going to be relatively easier in non-fasteners and I think you're going to see significant convergence towards each other in that regard. Now that would be an outperformance against history because, historically, I think the non-fasteners have grown about three percentage points faster than fasteners. And I think that might reflect some of what you're talking about. But I would expect a significant retracing of that gap. And right now, I'd probably assume they come in kind of in the same general ballpark from a growth standpoint.
Holden Lewis: Yes. If I think -- there actually are quite a few puts and takes. Now remember, I think from a price/cost standpoint, we're fairly neutral, right? So the impact of price on gross margin, it was neutral in 2021 and we're operating under the assumption that will be neutral in 2022 as well. But you're right. Customer product -- or product and customer mix was also neutral in 2021. And I think that as you get that gap narrowing between fasteners and non-fasteners, you're going to see that neutral flip back negative. And so I am assuming that product and customer mix would be sort of a 40 to 50 basis point drag in 2022. Another piece that I think will be perhaps a drag on gross margin in 2022 will simply be the absorption that we experienced this year. This year, in addition to accelerating growth throughout the year, we also had to begin buying more product because of supply chain challenges. If those things begin to moderate, I wouldn't expect the same degree of absorption benefit in '22 as you get in '21. So those two things could work against gross margin as we get into 2022. Now there are some offsets on the other direction. 2021 had a lot of mass write-downs and I think that there's -- that's not going to recur. We -- I do believe that we will have some product margin improvement in both the fastener and safety side of the business, not dramatic. But again, I think that you can have some tens of basis points of contribution there. And I think the one thing we'll be watching really closely is the impact of fill-in buys because in 2021, where we had very little -- or where we had a lot of restraints on our availability in our hubs because of the supply chain, our field did a remarkable job, going out and finding product. And when they do that, they typically don't get the same margin that they would get if they were still within our supply chain and they often have to move a lot of product around on outside freight which we wouldn't normally do. And so to the degree that the supply chain normalizes and that fill-in buy reverses, I think that, that would be favorable as well. So those are all the moving pieces. Netting it all out, I still think gross margin is going to be slightly down in 2022 and that's kind of how I'm viewing it at this point.
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, remember that part of it is simply a comparison, right? I mean, I think two things happened in 2022. First, we're going to move past the year one reset. I continue to believe that our incentive pay will be up. Where we exited was fuel. Fuel will be up. Health care, who knows? We'll see how that plays out. And I don't think that our travel has necessarily gotten back to where -- to what we would consider to be normal. But I also don't think that you're going to see an order of magnitude of increase in those categories that looks like what it did in 2021. So I think you move past that year one reset, I think that takes a comp issue off the table. And then we're also not going to be comping against those COVID-related cost takeouts from a year ago, right? So I just -- the reason the OpEx leverage returns is, in part, just because the comparison gets easier, right? We have a long string of improving our leverage and we had a little bit of a pause in that in 2021, but I think that's a unique circumstance. And in 2022, you begin to see something more normal take place, particularly as you get into Q2 and beyond. So the comparisons normalize. And then you fold into that efforts that we're taking to be more efficient, right? We talk about the structural changes that we've made at the branches which is contributing to our ability to rationalize the network a bit more. We talk about the technology investments that we've made which also contributes to our ability to rationalize the network a bit more. And those things are going to allow us to produce leverage off of occupancy and labor. So in my mind, where this all comes together is we would see the operating margin being higher in 2022 than 2021 with incrementals in that 20% to 25% range which has been our goal. You're right. I'm not overly specific. I want to let you all project how effective at it you think we're going to be, but we -- I see the dynamics that existed as recently as 2018 and 2019, where we had gross margin coming down but significant leverage of SG&A. I see those dynamics beginning to reassert themselves in 2022. And that's particularly true, as you get into the second quarter, there is still a little bit of COVID-related hangover in Q1, although it's moderating. But once you get to Q2, I think all those comparison issues are passed, barring any change in the COVID landscape over the next few months.
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, I think what I said is we don't have a broad sort of business-wide increase plan. We do have changes that we need to make. So to your -- first, to your question, yes. About 80% of our increase in inventory in the fourth quarter was because of inflation, not because of widgets. The -- when I look at the inflation that's coming down the pike, you all know how we account for our inventory, right now, I would say that if we did nothing else, particularly on fasteners, we would be behind the ball. We know the costs coming through the system in the first half exceed where our pricing is today for fasteners. And so yes, we have other actions that we do intend to take which simply fall short of saying we're raising prices on everything because of generalized inflation. There are certain products within our mix that we didn't raise price as much as we think the market would have justified. And we've gone back. We've looked at that list. We've done the analysis and we're going to address those gaps. There were certain customer sets that we weren't as aggressive with initially intentionally that we always intended to sort of come back and revisit that group and that's a significant chunk of revenue that still has to be addressed. And then we think that having availability of product, particularly fastener product, when I think a lot of the market will not, I think, is also going to allow us to be somewhat aggressive versus some of our competitors. So we have, at this point, managed to really track the pricing and the cost effectively through the last three quarters and we've been able to see what our cost is. One of the benefits of the long supply chain is we got visibility that extends and so we've known what's coming up in Q1 and Q2 of 2022. It's not a surprise. And so some of our actions have been tracking that as well. And so whereas we don't have plans that are as broad as what we've seen through three or four events in 2022 -- I'm sorry, 2021. In 2022, in the beginning, we do have plans, particularly around fasteners, because if we don't execute those plans, then we would fall behind. But we've managed that price/cost delta well. None of this information is new or surprising to us and we anticipate managing it well in the first half of this year.
Holden Lewis: If we look at wage inflation, it hasn't changed much versus earlier in the year. If I look at our full-timers, we're probably sort of in the mid-single-digit type range, maybe a touch below 5% in terms of what our base pay per head is looking like on full-timers. If we look at the part-timers, that's still up double digits in terms of growth. So we are seeing some wage increases. However, they've been relatively stable in terms of order of magnitude over the course of the year. Incentive pay is another matter. I mean, incentive pay was up significantly. Over the course of the year, I think it was up about 25%. And in Q4, it's up about 35%. Now that's a great story, right? That reflects the success we've had as a business in growing our revenues and growing our profits and margins and I would expect that we're going to be successful in that again next year. But that first year reset is real. And in the second year, I would expect our incentive comp to grow, but I don't expect it to grow at the same rate that we saw in the -- in 2021 because, again, we've seen that pattern play out year after year for consecutive cycles.
Holden Lewis: I don't know if I would call it pent-up demand because I think, in many respects, attention has just shifted, right? We have stories from the field of -- we put an offer on the desk of our customer and it's just still sitting there and it's three months now, right? And so at some point, that customer will return to that piece of paper on the desk and sign off on it and it will be ready. Does that mean that in 2022 or 2023, that 350 to 400 becomes temporarily 450 to 500? I don't know. I doubt it, frankly. I think that we've had a bit of a pause as people have managed their businesses. And as their management of that business begins to migrate away from crisis management, I think that they'll get back into asking us again. But I do want to go back to what Dan had said before because I think one of the concerns that the broader investment community has, Hamzah, is, well, if you're not signing Onsites, does that affect your ability to grow market share? And I get the concern. But to Dan's point earlier, in 2020 and 2021, we grew market share, but we didn't do it because of the Onsite signings, as we all can see. We did it because, at that point, customers are asking us to do something different which was get COVID materials in 2020 and in 2021, get any materials. And we grew market share because we did that really effectively. In 2022, we're expecting our customers' environments to become a little less chaotic and we're expecting them to shift back to this question of long-term sort of growth driver signings as we think about it. And I think we're going to refill the pipeline. I think that's how this plays out and we'll see how right we are as the year progresses. But if the environment remains chaotic in 2022 and our signings are low because of that, I think we're going to gain market share because we meet the customer where they are at the time. That's what we think about it.
Holden Lewis: And the only thing I'll add on Onsite, just to stick with the theme here, even though the signings and the new active openings weren't as high in 2021, as we expected -- or frankly as we expected. That group did improve it's operating margin by about one percentage point, not only over 2020, but frankly over 2018 and 2019 as well. And the days on hand of inventory in that group also has declined versus 2020 and 2019. And so again, this is a relatively new initiative for us. And when conditions got a little bit more challenging from a signing standpoint, that group used the opportunity to be a better business in 2021 than it was in 2019. And that's relevant, too. They got better and that's going to carry forward really well, even as our signings and sales get better.
Holden Lewis: It's mostly -- when you're talking about that few companies, it's mostly company-specific items as opposed to market-driven. The one exception would be warehousing-type customers. That group was pretty strong, as you can imagine, during 2020 and so they had difficult comps. The other piece that's been a little bit slower would be food processing, again for the same dynamic, right? So -- but it's mostly company-specific and I might call out those two areas that were COVID-affected.
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, particularly once you get into Q2 and especially Q3, Q4, you're going to start hitting -- you're going to start lapping pretty big increases, right? So I wouldn't view any incremental pricing in 2022 as being purely raw incremental pricing. It's going to comp. However, if we take kind of the expectations for Q1 and then we just run those forward, right -- who knows what's going to happen in Q2, Q3, Q4 with the environment? But if you just take what we expect to do in Q1 and run those forward, I do think that your pricing contribution in 2022 could exceed 3%. Now again, we don't know how the market is going to play out over the course of the year. It's a long 12 months. So that's based on what we know today. But yes, I do believe that you could have pricing contribute to sales over the course of 2022 north of 3%, just based on what we've done today. But I wouldn't expect 5%-plus type pricing in 2022 at some point running the comps.
Holden Lewis: And Adam, Dan actually pointed out, I think you also asked about maybe the first quarter or first half on the pricing question. It wouldn't surprise me if pricing approaches 5% in the first quarter and second quarter and it comes in a little bit higher than what we just saw in the fourth quarter. That wouldn't surprise you. But for the full year, I don't think you're going to be at that level.
Holden Lewis: So, our -- our fastener pricing is probably in the neighborhood of 20%. Now again, that's lagging cost that's coming through the channel. That's the degree to which you've seen higher material costs and steel costs, et cetera, sort of influence. So we've had significant impact from pricing on the fastener side. I'll probably defer to Dan on the history around giving up stuff when sort of inflation goes the other way because he'll have the history that I may lack at this point.
Dan Florness: Dave, the only thing I'd add -- one thing I'd quickly add to that is in the short term, there are two things that can influence that a little bit. There is inflation in fasteners right now. So that's an element. But I think Holden is contemplating that in his commentary. The other thing that could -- that will help fasteners from a mix standpoint is if you think of our growth drivers, particularly the vending element of our growth drivers, that's historically helped non-fasteners because you really don't put -- started fasteners in a vending machine. It's really helped our safety products, as you know, over the last decade plus. Our latest component of FMI, Fastenal Managed Inventory, is FAST Bin. And in there is an RFID bin that basically puts intelligence into a traditional kanban system. That is very helpful to our fastener business because that's really used with OEM fasteners. So if there is any lift, it could be a little bit there, but I think that's relatively short-lived because of the -- just the inherent growth differential in the two because of our maturity level.
Dan Florness: Yes. First off, I do believe the commentary I made about COVID. And COVID, it's just -- it's part of our lives now. I think many organizations are coming to that same conclusion. I don't think we're unique at all in that regard. And so I think willingness to focus on things that are long term rather than short-term chaotic will improve. And I believe our Onsite signings will improve. The one aspect that we've started talking about this year that we'll continue to talk about in the months and quarters to come is our Digital Footprint and how that continues to expand because it really expands what we can illuminate for the customer. It also helps us over time become an ever-more efficient distribution model because we're pulling more products through the system because we know where it needs to go as opposed to pushing it, not certain where it's going to go. And you can do things a lot more efficiently. And we've talked in recent months about a concept called LIFT which is our Local Inventory Fulfillment Terminal. We have 17 of them now. And some of those are inside distribution centers and some of those are external to distribution centers. But it's essentially -- we have this vending machine that we can look at the pattern in the vending machine and say, "Hey, we know what it's going to need with pretty high certainty for the next week." Maybe we should be picking that product in a LIFT rather than one of our branches where we can do it much more efficiently and it allows us to -- right now, one of the most precious resources to add to an organization is people. And so it allows us to better leverage that element of our business and allows the energy locally to be focused on consultive discussions and pure service as opposed to picking inventory. And so I think Digital Footprint is a really important one and it's one that I'm pleased to say we're uniquely poised to step into because of our branch network.
Dan Florness: Hamzah, I'll just throw in a couple of thoughts. First off, thank you for your comments. And on Onsite, I'll tweak what Holden said only from the standpoint, our range in the release is 375 to 400. He misspoke.
Dan Florness: And I like the updated range better, 375 to 400. There's -- I think there's three things that -- four things that can help us in that regard with signings. I don't know if there's a backlog per se or pent-up demand. I know there's demand and that demand is the same as it was two, three, four and five years ago. I do know more customers are aware of our capabilities today than they were two, three, four and five years ago. If for another reason from the discussions we've continued to have with them for the last several years, I think that bodes well for our ability. I think the commentary about people accepting COVID for what it is now and depending on what happens with this wave's variant and how things play out as we move deeper into the year will have a meaningful impact. I do believe it's going to remain difficult to hire, maybe not as difficult as it has been, but it's going to be difficult to hire. So if it's difficult for me as a manufacturer to hire and I have a partner that is my supply chain partner who have resources efficiently deployed with technology to assist them to come into my building, that's the easiest way to hire because I can say to Fastenal, "Yes, I'll take that Onsite model," and you're going to put -- yes, how many people are you going to put in? Maybe it's one, maybe it's two, maybe it's five people. So I think that's a real key to improving your ability to hire. And finally, there isn't an organization that hasn't been shook to it's core, shaken to it's core in the last two years because of supply chain disruption. I think that bodes really well of people wanting to align with a great supply chain partner and I believe that's what we are.
Dan Florness: The only thing I could see, Adam, is and this is from anecdotal discussions during the year, I know situations where a customer has product that's near completion that's sitting -- that's still sitting in the WIP because there's a half dozen chips that need to go into that piece of equipment and that piece of equipment can't be finished without those chips, but everything else is done around it. And -- but I think that's gotten better as we've gone through the year. So I don't think that's -- I think that's worked it's way through, maybe not perfectly, but pretty well. Probably the only place you would have, I think, some inventory issues as you go into the New Year and I think the market is on top of this and we really react to it, would be -- we've talked about ocean transit times for products we're importing. And if I think of the year and we talked about this on the third quarter call, is February and March were particularly ugly. It didn't get worse in April and May. It did get worse in June, then it kind of moderated. Then September -- August and September were really ugly again. And then it moderated in October. Well, November and December were the ugliest two months of the year. So that's the reality of the landscape right now. But at some point in time and I don't know when that point in time is, that will get better. And all of a sudden, when that works it's way down, there's a lot of product that's queued up. And some of our increase in inventory is because we have deeper inventories on certain things now than we would normally have. Because if it takes longer to get here, you need to buffer that into your inventory. So let's just say it's taken 60-ish days to get product across the ocean between port to port and then discharge port to destination and that goes back down into the upper 30s. You're going to have a little blip in inventory that will quickly fix itself, but it's still a blip, nonetheless. But that's more on the raw material inbound than it is in finished goods. And I think your question was more about finished goods, Adam.
Dan Florness: I think it's really predicated on the fact that when we really try to understand what our customer uses over the course of the year, we think that 65% of it is really planned spend. But unfortunately, customers either don't have a supply chain view of it that way or we don't have the tools and supply chain historically to manage it that way. But we fully believe 65% is really predictable in some form or fashion, if you really understood it. And we think FMI, over time, can grow to be that 65%. So that's where the piece of it is. And if I started splitting it up between the components of FMI, of vending, of bins and then of what we call FAST Stock, where you just go out in scanning bins, I wouldn't be surprised if 40% of that -- and I'm guessing with this number because we honestly don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if 40% of that ends up being what we call FAST Stock and not 40 points, 40%, so 25 percentage points-ish. And I think the other 60% is a combination of the vending and the bins. And I think the bins ultimately can be a big piece because that's -- the bins are big in OEM. Vending is big in MRO. So it depends on how your mix plays out there, but that's where the 65% comes. The next piece of the 85% is really we look at it and we say, "We think there's going to be another 20 points of e-com on top of that." Now that doesn't mean e-com -- and now this is where my story is going to get really muddy and I apologize for this, Ryan. That doesn't mean we think e-comm is going to be 20%. We -- I personally think that, that 65% of FMI -- I can't say I'm in a world where a big chunk of that doesn't get billed electronically. So let's say half of that gets billed electronically. So that's 30 points of e-com right there, but it's just EDI billings. And then the other 20% I talked about that gets the 65% to 85% is another piece on top of that. So our e-com in that scenario is 50, but 20 points of that is incremental and 30 points of that is just double counting FMI. And now I probably just lost everybody on the call, but I hope that makes sense.
Dan Florness: The reality of the last few years is our customer supply chain has become more expensive and we merely are a conduit -- we're their supply chain partner. When you look at it from the perspective of OEM fasteners, if the costs go up, the costs go up. If the costs go down, the costs will go down in a competitive marketplace. And that usually moves with the turn of inventory and that's not a new dynamic. The challenging part is what's the time frame in which that happens because a big element of the increase is the dysfunction of the transportation element and that's not going to correct itself anytime soon. And the dysfunction of that includes the ports. It includes capacity of ocean carriers. It includes availability of drivers. Part of the issue is the amount of product that's going on a semi today that should be going on rail because of all the disruption. And -- but we operate in a competitive marketplace. On the MRO side, that's more dictated on mix and what you're sourcing.
Dan Florness: With that, I see we're at two minutes to the hour. Again, thank you for participating in our call today. I hope everybody has a successful 2022.
