Holden Lewis: Sure. So, to address your second question first. We all know how the math works. Yes, we've updated the sequentials. As we go into 2017 we're going to begin discussing those sequential rates of change in terms of the prior five year averages as opposed to what we've done historically with 98 going from 1998 forward. So the numbers are what the numbers are. I'll let you plug them in and kind of figure out where it is, but I think that you're on the right track in terms of how that should fall out given those sequential rates to change. On the second question, where we saw the most encouraging signs I would say would have been in the process industries and we go about this a couple of ways. We listen to our Regional Vice Presidents and what they're seeing in the marketplace and then we look at our top 100 accounts to get a sense of which areas are doing well, which ones are not and what I would tell you is, the general industrial companies on our lists, they're still challenged. That's been the case most of the year and I'm not sure that I saw or have heard any meaningful difference in the fourth quarter as it relates to general industrial firms. As it relates to the process industries, I would tell you that a lot of those including oil and gas looked better among our top 100 and then if you sort of listen to some of our RVPs talk about energy there definitely is more of an enthusiasm and some more encouraging facts on the ground in those regions that are heavier in oil and gas. So what I would tell you is, I don't feel like the fourth quarter felt a lot different in a lot of places than what we saw in the third quarter, but the notable exception would have been in those process industries and that oil and gas space. As you know, we were surprised by how impactful the decline in oil and gas was to us when it began to head south couple years ago. We would consider it a positive if in fact oil and gas had some legs and did better from here, but we'll see how that plays out.
Holden Lewis: Sure. We've seen the same thing that you have with respect to commodity prices. I would tell you that those increases are relatively new. We've seen it happen before, only to sort of retrace if you will. So I think it's probably premature to be saying that we have clearly entered a re-flation period, if you will, but that said, we're watching it and we believe that if, if those raw material increases prove to be durable we believe that as we have in the past, we will be able to pass that through, through price increases. Yes, we don't have any reason at this point to think that that would not be a part of the equation. However, we have not at this point taken significant strides to begin that process yet.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I don't think there's a whole lot to add. We're not going to comment on January. I mean we put out the sequential rate of change that we're sort of looking at and beyond that, we're not going to go there, but I'll just reiterate again, fourth quarter was a lot richer on optimism than it was real progress. But you have to, we listen to the people in the field, we look at the same data that you guys tend to look at, and it's, it hopefully will translate into better results as we go through 2017. But I'll just leave it as in fourth quarter, general industrial companies were still fairly slow and if there was a favourable inflection it is in the process of the oil and gas industries and that's very early, so let’s see how that plays out and I don't think that I noted anything that inflected negatively.
Holden Lewis: Sure. Probably the best way to think about the big picture from a store network standpoint is, is over the last 20 years we've been quietly growing onsite in some of our Mid-Western business units. So last week I was in Southern Wisconsin, all of our general managers were in and in that discussion one of the things that stands out when I think of our business in Wisconsin and Illinois, over a third of our revenue in that business unit above 35% comes through the onsite type of strategy where we've been incredibly successful over time and developing our business in a broader fashion. But if I think of that business over the last 20 years we continued to open stores. We continued to grow our footprint and some of that, stem from the fact that we had things going on. We had non-fasteners growing in our business. So lot of markets that traditionally weren’t viable became viable. In more recent years we made improvements from the vending side of the equation, but we believe long term it's a huge market out there number one, and we espouse that often. We're not wed to one strategy, we're wed to getting close to our customer where it economically works in providing them a level of service that our competitors either can't or are unwilling to do and we believe it's a compliment of both. Only time will tell if structurally the fact patterns of our industry change and it prompts our ultimate store count to go up or go down, but the market is still there and we need to, of all to serve that market, but history has shown they're very complementary to each other onsite and store. In relation to onsite, it's typically a multi-year endeavour. Part of it is us getting, it's like anything it's incremental. So, we move, when we move in if you will, in the case for an onsite, it depends sometimes on the product lines we're starting with. It might move faster if we're moving in with an OEM relationship or a broad bending platform relationship. It might move a little slower if it's a broader mix of products and we're picking up particular commodities as we go along. I believe it's probably in many cases two to four year endeavour to get in deeper, maybe it's one to five, but it takes time and that's one of the points that we stressed earlier in the year as we want to build momentum back into our business and getting traction to the onsite is a big piece of that.
Holden Lewis: Hamzah, you also asked something about cannibalization and in fact we do generally speaking take some sales out of the store and that becomes the seed revenue for that onsite and what we find is that inside of 12 to 24 months that seed revenue has grown dramatically from its original number. As it relates to the store, our expectation generally is that that store, which now note doesn't have to provide a disproportionate service to a single customer can sort of have, it's sort of selling energy reinvigorated and then they can go out and from a bit of the lower base begin to grow that business again. And we've sort of all through the compensation with the onsite business to make it neutral from that standpoint, but the expectation is that the store, sort of no longer responsible for that piece of revenue will go on to find new active accounts and just begin to grow that business again from that new level.
Holden Lewis: So what we have said is that we think that 40% to 45% of our COGS are probably derived from overseas. I don't know what the competitor, how he is defining the number. I will tell you that of that 40% to 45% not all of that is directly sourced, obviously have a significant operation with passcode that directly sources product, but that does not rise to near the level of 40% to 45%. So the number that we use includes not only the directly sourced, but also that product that we may buy domestically, but ultimately is sourced from an overseas customer. But we talk about it in terms of 40% to 45% of our COGS and that's, that's kind of how we've discussed it.
Holden Lewis: So I don't think that our original guidance was changed. I think we said that at sort of low to mid-type of revenue growth that we will look to sustain the margin and if we can get mid to high-type of growth we can expand it. I still think that that is, generally speaking, where we see the model. In terms of the rate of growth of SG&A, bear in mind that if we do in fact get better growth then we would expect to see our incentive comp go up. We're going to continue to invest in vending. And so, we have talked about achieving 20% to 25% type incremental in sort of a low to mid-type single-digit growth environment and maybe 25% to 30% type incrementals, if you get to mid to high sort of where we were I think in the third quarter and we haven't seen anything that sort of changes that.
Holden Lewis: Yes, so the incremental revenues through onsite would have increased our revenue, probably a little bit over 3% for the year, do you remember that does include some cannibalization. That would take that down a little bit, that's a total number, but the onsite revenue did in fact contribute a little more than 3% of our growth.
Dan Florness: Hey Rob, yes. I'm going to chime in so we can keep going through the roster - your questions, sorry.
Dan Florness: I'm going to just interject one thing and then I'll shut up and let Holden talk. In regards to January we've learned over the years there are certain places you don't go because invariably what we talk about we're always wrong and the question is how wrong. So I'll stop Holden before he starts [indiscernible]. With that, I'll let Holden have his say.
Dan Florness: If you think of the growth drivers we've talked about for a number of years and again growth drivers are, I just want to caution, our sales plan at the local level is what drives our business. The growth drivers that we talk about serves as the means to the end of how you serve your customer. The impact of, we had, I believe we had a very successful year taking some first steps, steps that started one and two years ago of expanding our onsite presence, all those things continue a pattern that's been in place for 20 years and that is our mix of customers are continually changing. Our product mix continues to move a bit away from fasteners. Perhaps we can slow that down a little bit if there is some recovery that helps our fastener business in calendar 2017, but the underlying long term pattern is still what it is. And what we need to be smart about every day is identifying those pieces we can grab on to and make a little better – a decade ago a piece we grabbed onto was freight. In the last five to seven years a piece we've grabbed on to is our exclusive brands, our private labels and making sure we have a great strategy to support our supplier base and our product mix in serving our customers. And, but the underlying trends are still there. We just need to defend the position every day and I think we gained some footing on that as we went through 2016. It was still a tough year to go through 2015 and 2016 I should say, because the trend has been going on for several years.
Dan Florness: One additional piece in when I think of the cannibalization that comment would have been true of store openings for the last 30 years as well and so onsite isn’t new piece of the equation. Really what we're doing and I think Holden described it best, we're taking some seed dollars where we have a great relationship and we're going after business that historically, our store network wound not go after because it wasn't geared to service that business given the profile of the gross margin in that business and we need to structurally change our cost components to go after that business.
Dan Florness: I'll add on one piece there as well. The fastener production moved offshore of North America. So, Fastener on in 2017 we're celebrating our 50th year in business largely the trends within fasteners were moving offshore well became we even became a company and a lot of that was driven by the automotive sector back in the late '50s and early '60s. So our percentage is a little bit higher because of the Fastener concentration in our business. With that said, our concentration won’t be any different than any of our peers in the industry given some of the product mix. And so I see us as being in a similar boat if you will, with everybody else with a lower cost structure in our underlying business.
Dan Florness: Let me, Ryan why don’t we talk about the specific numbers offline. We have them, but I'm not going to do the math on this forum. So when we touch base on it offline.
Dan Florness: Yes, I'll answer that from the standpoint, we took a deep dive look at the onsites that had been turned on and had sufficient history and for us sufficient history meant they had to be operating at least nine months. And so we looked at that to see what’s happening in that group and we liked what we saw and we weren't surprised by what we saw. We saw a group of accounts and the numbers that we really analyzed it was just over 50 of our onsites that have been operating long after we could really get a feel for it. And the trends were solid and it wasn't driven by a few that were pulling it up or pulling it down and which is good to see. It was a good performance generally speaking across the group. We saw that the gross margin of the store that’s spawned, I don’t know if that's the right word, but that on the onsite business their gross margin went up post separating the business, which is what we would expect because typically you're taking a larger customer you might be at 10 to 20, $30,000 month customer and you’re extracting it from $100 to $120, $150 store and the remaining business actually have slightly higher gross margin. So we saw that as we expected, we saw that business with , with a little bit with a lower gross margin than our average onsite, but that is very typical, because often times when you are stepping into a new onsite you are stepping into products that you might be not sourcing half mil yet. You might not truly understand some of the products from the standpoint of I think is back to that optimal sourcing component. You might have product where you know the optimal source, but you're going to get the product in for three, four, five, six months, and so you have some lower margin sales that are going out. You might have some product that the customer had a meaningful supply on and you don’t pick up that business for a period of time. But when I look at those onsites that we've studied again we were pleased with the results and we're surprised by the results. I suspect when Holden runs his numbers he is going to find a low single digit probably of one to two kind of number given the fact that so, much of our business was ramping up in the latter half of the year, but I'll hand it back to Holden.
Dan Florness: I don't, in the past I think we've talked about a number somewhere between 10% and 12%, but we, it's really difficult to pinpoint it because there is so much indirect impact. The example I’ve often cited is, if I travel an hour and a half to visit my mom, there is a sand mine up, two sand mines within two miles of the pharma Groupon. One was they both were operating, two years ago, one was operating 24 hours a day, the other one was operating 16 hours a day. One of the shut down and the other one has one shift. Our Red Wing store was impacted by oil and gas, but I went to sort of our Red Wing, Minnesota stores having an impact of oil and gas. So it's very hard to list it out.
Dan Florness: Well, I’ll throw out a few pieces, and then we'll wrap the call, so running up against 45 minutes. For us profitability on the day really stems from where is our average store size in that region and how well are we doing managing the growth of our business over time. So if I look at the Midwest where we have a greater concentration of onsite. It is also an area or the country where we have the largest average store site because it has grown over time. Our West Coast started opening up 20 years. Our Midwest started opening up 50 years ago. So we have a 20 to 30 year head start. And our highest operating margin business is in the Midwest. With that said, one thing Bob Kierlin has always reminded us and in the 20 years that I've been here and probably in the50 years if he has been here is that at the end of the day gross margin marker we look at to understand our business. Operating margin is a marker we look at to understand our business, but great organizations long-term focus on where they can provide their shareholders with their employees with an opportunity, their customer with the service and their shareholders with a return on investment. And we like the various businesses within Fastenal, because they all provide a very attractive return and that is at the end of the day the ultimate test of a business. And if you're providing opportunities to employees, you have a great organization to serve your customer long term; we believe we have all those components in our store network and in onsite. With that, I see we're at 45 minutes and similar prior quarters, we realized we're in the thick of earning season and everybody has a pretty busy plate. We’ll sign off for now again. Thank you for your support of Fastenal and thank you for welcoming Holden to the team.
