Holden Lewis: Yes, I would answer that in a couple of ways. In terms of the price that we referred to in the second quarter, we felt like in the second quarter that resulted in a positive price cost dynamics. As you roll into 3Q, we feel like we got a little bit of incremental price but we also began to see a little bit of the incremental cost flowing through. And frankly, those probably balanced out relative to where we were in Q2. So, yes, we feel like the price that we envisioned getting, we got. The costs have begun to come through. We talked about that, perhaps hitting in Q4 that will certainly be the case but we saw some of that hit in Q3 as well to result in sort of stability in that dynamic, if you will. There is still inflation; that hasn’t changed. And I think I would probably answer the question of how we address that the same way I have answered in the past which is that if at some point we determine that we can’t protect our level of profitability without resorting to some sort of price action, then we will take that step, and we believe that we would be successful in that. But we didn’t do anything along those lines in the third quarter.
Holden Lewis: We try not to predict, obviously. I do think you are right that we have a very difficult comp versus the gross margin that we put up last year. And I think that that’s certainly going to be a feature of the fourth quarter. In terms of what we expect for gross margin in the fourth quarter, there is typically seasonality; on the other hand, we did have some minor drag related to the hurricanes in this particular quarter. It’s difficult for me to kind of give you a number, but we’re not going to go towards the number. I think that there are some puts and takes that at the end of the day that the seasonality is usually fairly minor -- fairly modest and we’ll see the degree to which there are some things that offset that.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I mean, we -- organically, the incremental margin came in around 22%. And we believe that the day itself probably cost us the rest of the gap between that number and about 25% in the quarter. If you think about it, that extra day cost us about $18 million in revenues. Now bear in mind of course, we know about that in advance of course, the day is not a surprise. But it still does cost us year-over-year $18 million in revenues. We don’t get a discount on our base salaries, which are a significant portion of our total employee-related expense, and there are other elements within the operating expense category. Now, we don’t get a discount on just because we have one fewer day. And so, we do believe that the organic incremental was around 22%. And if you -- if it were for that extra day, not being there, we think that it would have been in that 25% range.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I will just chip in two things. One, that math is basically correct. Bear in mind again, the difficult gross margin comp in the fourth quarter however will make it difficult on a single quarter way, basis to do that. But, to Dan’s point, I mean, we’re trying to grow this business, we’re doing a fairly successful job of it given where our revenue growth rates are compared to the marketplace and things of that nature. And we are going to continue to grow and outgrow the market and gain market share. And so, whereas we are going to manage our expenses to be able to achieve a very healthy incremental margin and we do think about that double-digit growth in that 25% type of incremental, sometimes we get questions about why it can’t be more, why it can’t be more, and the answer is because we not only manage our expenses but we also manage our expenses to be able to grow. And so, I think the math that you’re talking about makes some sense to us.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So, couple of things. First, I don’t think we ever said we’re confident that we backfill. I think what we said is that we’re going to have 20 to 30 basis-point headwind, just as you say waking up in the morning at the beginning of the year. And that will certainly work very hard to try to backfill that, but over an extended period of time, we would not be surprised, if our gross margins are lower. But that is on the back of significant growth and market share gains. So, I never said confident, but we certainly do wake up every day, knowing we’re at a hole and making an effort to try to fill it up, but there is certainly never any guarantee that we would do that year-after-year. With respect to the mix question. No, the mix is not different. When we talk about the 20 to 30 basis-point drag, that really does fill in the product. It fills in the customer. That is really trying to take into account all the variables. And the reason it does that is because, I look at that mix relative to how our margins are performing across the product set, which would encompass everything that we’re doing from a growth standpoint. So, I think that 20 to 30 basis points that we wake up through every year, I think that’s the number. Now, we talk about how three quarters of our revenues, our fasteners and Onsites and national accounts and vending that we believe that we have a significant mode in, and those also happen to be our growth drivers. They are going to become a bigger part of the mix and they also have even the lower gross margin. If in a year or two that 75% becomes 80% or 85%, does that 20 to 30 become 30 to 40, maybe, but that’s a function of very defensible revenue and market share gains. And we’ll try to fill in that hole too, but we certainly would not guarantee it.
Holden Lewis: The only thing I’ll add to that is, we continue to see the Onsites contribute more and more to our growth rate. I think this quarter, if you take out what moved from branches to Onsite and if you remove that element of it, the Onsites contributed close to 3.5% of our growth year-over-year. And that is an increase from where we were in Q2 which itself was an increase from where we were in Q1. So it continues to contribute more.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I’ll let Dan provide some historical perspective on these numbers since he has it, given he is 80 quarters I think he counted. But, I think if you think about it, in the first year of the reset year if you will, it probably consumes 25 to 30% of our pretax dollar growth can sort of go to incentive. When you get into the second year that can perhaps get cut close to in half in terms of how much of your pretax it consumes.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So, this is basically a question about tariffs on Asian steel, I believe, which could encompass some of our products. And effectively a decision on whether or not to enact those sort of tariffs continues to get punted, and I think at this point the expectations is maybe the decision comes next year early next year. What I would tell you is I think that if the costs to procure steel products and fasteners go up because of an act like that, then they will go up for everybody Fastenal as well as our competitors and given that it’s difficult to procure a lot of product domestically at this point. And so, the typical response would be to try to pass that through the customers and we expect that the industry would probably take that action if something like that were to occur. But we’re watching it, nothing has been decided on it to our knowledge, and if something is, then we’ll react appropriately.
Holden Lewis: Our government business is probably about 4% of our total revenue. It’s almost entirely state and local, we really don’t do a lot with federal. By the way, that’s one reason when people want to talk about sort of the recovery element after a storm. We don’t necessarily have that sort of theme in federal government connection that perhaps some other distributors may have. But ours is primarily state and local. It’s growing well for us. What I would tell you is, it’s probably a small enough piece of our business that we wouldn’t be a proxy for the market. But the last couple of quarters, we’ve had some nice wins, we have some energy that we’re putting into the state and local government business, and we think that’s providing some benefit to us. But yes, about 4% of our revenue.
Holden Lewis: Yes. If I look particularly at sort of where September was, there is -- within that top 100, I’ll tell you, there are not many categories that are declining; and the one or two that are, there is only one or two companies in each. And so, I’m not sure if that’s particularly indicative. So, as I said I think that the performance for the most part has been pretty uniform across our end-markets. Now, obviously, the largest piece of those 100 is going to be manufacturing and that’s doing really well, but it’s relatively -- there is growth across our landscape frankly. I would say, if I look at trends I think that the E&C, the engineering and construction business has gotten [Technical Difficulty]
Dan Florness: This is Dan. I’m going to chime in, a quick comment. This is part of the call that I always drive Holden probably little crazy, but he’s getting used to it. If I think about the comments he made earlier and I think about our July call, there were quite a few questions that really were asking, what lifted gross margin because Holden’s message over time has been one of, when you think about the growth drivers, the math of the growth drivers should lower our gross margin each year to optimistically 20 basis points, pessimistically 25 to 30. And that’s just the fact that the growth drivers of vending and in the case of this year acquisition, tend to weigh down. And then over time the growth of our non-fasteners relative to fasteners which are obviously influenced by the growth drivers, weighted down a little bit, and organizationally what can we do to work back, to grab back some margin and in our sourcing, our logistics, our selection of products, everything.  So, in the second quarter, we stumbled ourselves a little bit, trying to explain to you all and your questions why we weren’t confident that gross margin was a new normal because we talked about a lot of the puts and takes and everything was a put. This quarter, as Holden mentioned a lot of the puts and takes lean towards takes, not puts. Our fastener gross margin was down about 10 basis points, our non- fastener gross margin was completely unchanged from Q2 to Q3. And I think that’s an important component. So, it was really the organizational -- the other stuff all worked against us this quarter. History has told me and my history perspective is 20 years, four quarters a year, that’s about 80 quarters. History has told me that you don’t get things that go all your way or mostly against your way typically in a quarter. So, going into the fourth quarter and I don’t like making predictions, but going in the fourth quarter, I’m not looking for our gross margin to be below 49 from a standpoint of sequential weakening. We’ll get a little bit benefit from the hurricane number. Now, in all honesty, there could be 5 basis points of hurricane in the fourth quarter because in Puerto Rico we don’t know all the answers. We do know that all of our employees are safe in the Gulf coast, in Florida and in Puerto Rico; and in Houston we had two branches that were destroyed by the hurricane. What we know initially about Puerto Rico is we had no branches damaged. It sounds like we came through it reasonably well. Our business suffered but our assets did not and more importantly, our employees came through it safely.
Dan Florness: In the short-term, I would agree with that. The real question, Ryan, is when you look out to the future, what percentage of our growth is coming from the Onsite model. And again, in the quarter, it was about 30% of our growth. What percent of the growth is coming from Onsite and what is that due to weigh down at incremental margin. But, we’re very mindful of managing the expenses around that. And I don’t know if Holden touched on this. Sometimes -- the discussion at the Board meeting yesterday and discussion on the conference call get muddy from me. But I don’t know if he touched on it, so if I repeat I apologize. But right now, we’re anticipating Q4 branch level occupancy. By occupancy, I’m talking about rent; utilities change with the season, but I’m talking about rent expenses. Right now, we’re expecting Q4 will be lower than Q1. And I don’t know if that’s ever happened in the history of Fastenal. And so, we’re being very mindful in managing that expenses because we do believe we can get in the short-term incremental margins in that mid-20s. I can’t speak to four and five years from now, if they’re mid-20s or if they’re close to mid-20s. But I know we’ll be growing our returns and our cash flow handsomely at that time.
Dan Florness: I’m going to just chime in. If your definition of backfill is at the gross margin line, the answer is different; and if your definition of backfill is at the operating margin line or operating income line, because in the last 12 months, I look at Q3 to Q3, we gave up 20 basis points of gross margin, we picked up 20 basis points of operating income. And so, I read that as we backfill the 20 with 40 basis points of operating expense leverage from a backfill perspective, because at the end of day, the numbers that really matter on the income statement are further south than the gross margin line, and we backfill that two times over. And that’s the key to the business and that was done in an environment where, as you know from reading our proxy or if you read through proxy, you’d see that our incentive comp is really centered on paying out a piece of our profit dollar growth, in the case of our leadership team and that’s true of many of our support areas, as well as our logistics, costs in the case of distribution and gross profit dollar growth or sales in gross profit dollar growth at the branch and Onsite location. So, in the current quarter, our incentive comp is up between 25% and 30% because we’re reloading incentive comp, so that in that environment, we picked up 40 basis points of expense leverage. When we get through 2006 -- 2017 excuse me, that reload is largely complete. We have a little bit of reload in the first quarter but in the second quarter our incentive comp had dramatically expanded. So, we have the benefit of that when we get into the second quarter of 2018 and partially there in the first quarter of 2018.
Dan Florness: Yes. So, to take the first question about the Harvey, it was fairly modest and it was primarily in Houston that we would have regained some of what we lost in August but that regain was probably about a third. I mean, we’re probably talking about $0.5 million, maybe a little more than that in terms of what we recaptured. I will tell you, going forward, it’s a difficult number for us to really understand. So, we will do our best but it’s a hard number to refine. But, I am fairly comfortable at this point that we actually lost more in revenue in September from Irma and Maria than we gained in recovery in Houston. So, the hurricanes were a net negative in both August and September. That’s I would say with regards to that. And then, in terms of end markets, it really -- it gets down to the manufacturing end markets, right? If you look at our heavy equipment, it accelerated; if you look at heavy manufacturing but honestly our manufacturing business as a whole accelerated across the board. And you talk to the RVPs and they still talk about oil and gas is still doing fairly well and all the flow through that comes with that. So the manufacturing complex in general I think continues to accelerate. The transportation complex for us which doesn’t include a lot of automotive, bear in mind but that continues to expand for us. So, it’s -- there weren’t a lot of areas I could point to that were soft or weren’t getting better. 
Dan Florness: Luke, if I look at what we’re seeing, I have a few observations. One is we’re continuing to see really good trends in the numbers. Averages are in line with what you are seeing. Averages can be deceiving; you have some that are well above it, some that are below it. That’s the nature of the averages I guess. But very pleased with the run rates we are seeing from the standpoint of what we would have expected. One thing that’s a tremendous positive for me, when I look at the layers of Onsites for signing, we’re actually seeing better performance out of the 2016 signings that we’ve been implementing in the latter half of 2016 and early half of 2017 than we saw in the 2015 signings that we were signings 12 months earlier. Now, how much of that is a rising tide is as you all know the ISM has continued to inch up; that’s usually leading indicator. So, I’m optimistic that’s a sign of things to come but we’re definitely seeing strength in our end markets. But we’re also seeing underlying better performance in the Onsites we’ve signed again in 2016 versus what we did in 2015, which is really positive from the standpoint of the quality versus our historical perspective. So, I feel very good about that. I hope that answered your question. 
Dan Florness: [Technical Difficulty] but I see we are at 9.45. I have a [Technical Difficulty] incremental margin because we’re expanding our team, we’re expanding our distribution capabilities, we’re expanding the expenses of the business, but generally speaking, a high piece of the gross profit dollars flow through. If I look at the expansion incentive comp and Holden was taking a little broader brush when he was looking at his 25% number. If I look at the expansion of incentive comp at the branch, support and leadership levels across the company, our expansion of incentive comp consumed above 11% of our incremental margin. History has shown that number is probably in a more typical year -- it’s probably not 5%, but probably in the 7% to 8% neighborhood. So, to Ryan Merkel’s earlier question, there is probably about 3 points of incremental margin that are absent this year because of the expansion of incentive comp that wouldn’t be there next year, because it’s already reloaded. I hope that clarified that point. I see we’re at 9:45. So, again, I want to thank you everybody for participating the call today. I hope you find this exchange useful in understanding Fastenal business. And again to the Fastenal team, nice quarter everybody. Thanks.
