Willard D. Oberton: Well, there are several things we're working on, Holden, one is pushing fasteners harder, hopefully, get some help there. But another initiative that we've been working hard on for last few quarters is we've developed some new pricing systems for our stores. And although it's early, we've been seeing some positive results there, using better data on guiding the stores on where to price the product. And so we're working hard on that. We really believe that we're going to pick up some improved margins. I mentioned the vending, we're working very hard. We've actually installed a team within the vending group to work on underperforming machines. What we've identified in some of the vending areas is our -- we put a lot of pressure for people to sign these machines and sometimes, we didn't give the product away, but that's what it would almost look like. So we're going in and we're reconfiguring some of the machines with more profitable product. So there's several initiatives that we're working on. But as Dan stated, from October to December, we've seen a nice, steady uptick. And typically, December is the worst year -- month of the year for margin. I don't know why, but that's the way it always seems. This year, actually, was the exception to that. So it's all about focus, but the biggest piece would be the new system that we're working on at the store.
Willard D. Oberton: We haven't seen a lot of change in the markets, to be honest with you. The steel pricing has been soft, and that has not helped us. It's also part of the reason, I believe, our fastener sales are down because Asian steel prices have dropped. But otherwise, there has not been a lot of activity. We've had some of our suppliers coming in pushing price increases. We've been pretty successful on holding those off. There's not a lot of inflation, and there's not a lot of -- business is slow, so people are less likely to push pricing. Very, very kind of uneventful pricing environment. We just believe we have some opportunity to move it on our own. And we're not pushing a lot of price increase. We did do some selective price increases on some of the products, all non-fastener products. We didn't push fasteners at all.
Willard D. Oberton: One thing that we did, Adam, because we're aware that we have a lot of opportunity in these underperforming stores, is the new vending incentives that we put into place. One of them is we introduced some new incentive to the managers that were -- did well last year, that hit a certain number last year. We are offering them an opportunity to make up to $3,500 to go down the street to a store that hasn't done as well in their area and sell up to 10 machines. So if they hit 10 machines, they get -- we send them a check for $3,500 and it racks [ph] itself from 5 to 10. So we think -- because what we've identified is those managers are the best salespeople we have in our company, the ones that are already doing it. So we're leveraging that talent. We also have taken the 70 people that we have driving around in vans, the vending vans, and we've changed their pay program. The stores in the top quartile of vending signings last year, they will only be paid 50% commission. We'll cut their commission in half on our best stores. The bottom half of our stores, we will double their commission, no, the bottom half. So 25% of the stores are going to get half commission, 50%, they're going to get double commission because what we know -- we know what happens is those salespeople are going to go where the rain is happening or where they can make money. And so they're going where we don't really need the help because those managers are so good. To identify this opportunity, we've adjusted the programs. It was all rolled out in early May -- or excuse me, in early December, and we're excited to watch how it happens. We've already gotten some good stories back on the manager, we call it the mentoring program, on that program where we -- managers' gone in and hit it in a couple days.
Willard D. Oberton: I think the other reason vending is because of -- in the first quarter, it represented 7 -- the customers that play in it represented 17% of our revenue. That grew to more than 25%. If that trend were to continue by the fourth quarter of next year, we're up somewhere close to 40% -- or high-30s. And if we maintain a growth rate even close to where we are, that puts a lot of energy into our growth.
Willard D. Oberton: On the installs, we actually slipped a little bit in the fourth quarter. Looking at it -- and January, I guess, will tell the story, but December really turned into about a 3-week month for installing machines because we didn't -- we got very little done in the holiday week. So if we can make that ground up, we're still going to -- we're going to be somewhere around that 90-day lag. We'd like to shorten that up, but we struggle with it. Part of the reason we're struggling with it is because the signings are growing at such a rapid pace. But if we can stay at 90 days, we'll be -- I mean, we'll be just fine there as long as we continue to sign the machines. Or if we can get it to 90 days and stay there. What was the second? I...
Willard D. Oberton: Well, one of the things we introduced either late and -- probably late 2011 was a standalone locker. Before that, we had to have a helix. The computer and the helix drove the locker system. About a year ago, we introduced a locker that actually had its own controller. So that really increased that system because it could -- it's multifaceted. It offers -- creates a new opportunity for us to sell and them to buy.
Willard D. Oberton: As far as the OEM fastener initiative, we put in -- we worked on this throughout the year, but in the middle of the year, we put in a small team, brought our leader from Europe back and put him in a position of driving OEM initiative. Basically, what he's done is they -- working in conjunction with our district managers, they've developed a list of more than 3,000 customers that have the potential to do north of $250,000 a year, and this is our estimate, $250,000 a year in OEM fasteners, the average being much higher than that. Each district manager has a list of anywhere from 8 to 15 of these customers, and these are customers that we do not have their OEM fastener business today. In many cases, we have a relationship but it's a smaller relationship. He's developing a system to -- so that they can -- it's really a call system that he's been working with them on to basically rail these customers in over a longer period of time, and we've seen some great results. We believe that the call, the sales call activity, is up by probably 4 or 5x with these people and these customers. And we believe with that, over the next, I'd say, the second half of 2013, we're going to see positive results. We've seen a lot of -- we're hearing a lot of positive results but not in the quantities that we need or the size of numbers that we need. But we're very optimistic about that. As I mentioned earlier, we're very good at providing fasteners. We're a good -- I believe, a very strong fastener distributor. But we weren't always good at selling all the things that we did but we're able to do. As far as the underperforming stores, that's been something we've been talking about since -- for a long time, and my board has been reminding me of that a couple of quarter -- a few quarters ago. And so we sat down as a leadership team and said we're going to take aggressive approach with this, just like we did with metalworking and vending and all these other things. We're going to create a budget, and then after we have the budget, we're going to create a team. And we developed a budget, how much we have -- working with Dan's group how much we could afford to spend on this. And then we assigned 2 proven leaders in our company, one to take the east -- well, actually, 3, one to take the east, one to take the west and one to take Canada. And they have put together a team of about, I think, it's about 35 to 40, I don't have an exact number.
Willard D. Oberton: 38, okay. 38 proven store managers, a couple district managers, and these people are going in just to the underperforming stores. One other thing we did is we added a -- Lee Hein added a direct report. First, a long-term employer is very good with statistics and understanding where we are with the numbers. And he is basically the scorekeeper and he runs the performance improvement program. So he runs the numbers. We have proven sales leaders in the field, leading groups of people going into these stores, the stores that this gentleman I -- Ryan Rosenberg is his name. Ryan identifies the stores just starting, as the year rolls out, very optimistic. The team of 38 people is in Winona for the first 3 days of this week. I was able to meet with them for quite some time. Had -- able to have dinner with the group and they're fire breathers. They're the A types that want to go out there. And so we're optimistic that we're going to -- are we going to solve all of our store problems? No. Are we going to show improvement? I'm very confident that we will.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, I think you hit it perfectly. Over a long period of time, it seems like the holidays continue to expand or the time people take off. We've always seen, in a slower economic time, factories look for reasons to shut down because it's good for the employees and good for the bottom line.
Willard D. Oberton: The metalworking business represents -- for the year, it represented just over 8% of our revenue growing and so it -- I don't have the quarter, how it grew. And the Government business is right at 4%. So those 2 combined are 12%. You add international and you have about 22% of revenue.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, it was 19 days. We took off the day before Christmas. We actually work pretty clean because it created a 4-day weekend there and then we were open the last day, the Monday after -- or Monday before New Year's.
Willard D. Oberton: What we've seen ever since we started vending is if we sign a machine, it will take about 90 days to install it on the average. And then after it's been installed, it takes on the average about 90 days to generate the full revenue. And what that is -- when we talk to our managers and ask why that is, they say it's because, in most cases, the customers have inventory built up to be used to supply their plant, so there's a burn through of inventory. But as far as comparing it to last year, I would see no difference. We send them all of our inventory, but the customer has to sell off what they have before they start buying from us. And we assist them in that process because the faster we burn through it, the faster we create sales.
Willard D. Oberton: And I'll add to that, we have many with office supplies. So if any of you need some in your offices, just give me a call, you have my number. Thank you very much for your support.
Daniel L. Florness: We just as a -- historically, don't go there because we just hate to try to predict what the economy is going to do. What I can tell is our sequential pattern, I think, tells a story, and I think we have a lot of growth drivers. If I look -- I always look at it and say, what are my plusses and what are my minuses from that historical benchmark period. One minus that you have to acknowledge is the fact we're opening fewer stores today than we were a decade ago. For that one minus, I have a handful of plusses. We have a vending initiative. We have international expansion. We have metalwork initiative. We have government initiative. We actually have a stronger manufacturer initiative. We have an OEM fastener initiative. And you start adding all those pieces up and you see what some of our initiatives did to buck the trend, if you will, in the non-fastener part of our business in 2012. It really tells me that we have like 10:1 positive to negative in our growth driver. Obviously, the first one, we are opening fewer stores, and that was evident in the past time frame when I'm using that benchmark. But I think all these other 10 more than offset it. So we think there's -- odds of beating that trend are greater than missing that trend line, and I think that speaks for itself on how that plays out for '13, and then the wildcard is that little thing called the economy.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I think it's clearly the vending. And the real reason for that is there's a latency to it. We signed a lot of machines. We have a lot of machines in place at year end, relatively were at the end of last year. But most old machines, if you look at the machines rolled out in the last 3 months, they really haven't contributed that much in top line for the current year. If you look at the machines rolled out in the third quarter, they're just starting to get traction. And the ones from the first 6 months of the year gave us a half a year's worth of stuff. So you get a full year from the stuff in the first half, you get 4 quarter -- you get 3 additional quarters from the stuff in the third quarter, and you get 4 quarters from the stuff in the fourth quarter. You lob all those things together and that's a lot of inertia there.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, why don't I get on the mix? One thing I did add to this quarter's release is, and I added it for a couple reasons, one to demonstrate the evolution of the business and the new models that we've introduced to our fleet of equipment, if you will. But if I go back to the first quarter of 2010, basically, all the machines we had out there were the helix, the FAST 5000, that standard helix-based machine. Today, that FAST 5000 represents just around 60% of our total installed base. We've introduced quite a few lockers and other machines into the fleet. And a lot of the -- if I have an install at a customer, it's not uncommon where the next machine would be a locker, to marry it up with the first machine. And so you're seeing a mix. I think a lot of the initial machines that go into customers will still be the FAST 5000, the helix-based machine, but you'll see a lot of them where they're sitting there in tandem.
Daniel L. Florness: Regarding the October to January sales trend, here's the way I thought about it and we're having discussions internally and in our meeting with the board yesterday. Typically, I'd look at October and I'd look out to the following January and I'd expect it to increase about 90 basis points. This year, September and October, there was some weird stuff going on with the calendar. October was impacted by the hurricane on the East Coast. And so I took a little bit of a different approach and I said instead of taking October, if I took September and October and I average the 2, and then I went off that, what does that mean for daily sales growth in January using the same type of 90 basis points step-up? That gets it to just under $13 million a day. I think it's $12.9 million and change a day in sales, which would imply a growth rate of just over 10% in the month of January. And that's where my head would have been, and the only thing that moved me away from that position would be, is there something going on that influences that? I can tell you the first week of January and typically, we don't go here but since you asked, the first week of January, that 3-day short week was a disaster. There were a lot of businesses that were shut down for that entire week. When we're calling around the different regional VPs and different district managers, they're just like, you know what, this customer, this customer -- they're rattling off their customers that are shut down, and so we got off to a horrible start in the month of January. And even that next week, we didn't really climb too much out of the hole. This week's going well and so I don't think we'll hit the 10% number, but I don't feel negative about February and March based on how January is going. We just had an awful start to the month because a lot of customers were shut down, but it seems to be running normal now. I don't know if Will wants to add anything to that, but...
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, I think -- I'm thinking of is what we're going to open, but I'm not anticipating much in the term of closing this year. We've been challenging our folks. One thing that I think is a healthy process for every company to go through all the time is to constantly look at your business and say -- and we're doing performance improvement program that Will just touched on. We're doing different things. We have a performance improvement program within our vending initiative of looking at all of our machines and -- well-performing machines, underperforming machines. You have to look at all your business, including your store locations, and sometimes you fish or cut bait.
Daniel L. Florness: Okay, looks like we're right on 9:45 and again, I want to thank everybody for participating in the call this quarter. And I hope you found the release to be informative as you look at our business. One item in closing, I sometimes try to find something to have for closing, I asked Russ Rubie, who heads up our vending initiative, if he had any odd locations that I could share with the folks on the call today where we have some of our vending equipment. He didn't come up with -- he came up with a few that I felt were worth noting of just places we put vending machines. I know in Western Canada, it sounds like we have a few machines that are underground in some mining operations and producing well. We also, down in Florida, have some vending machines that are physically located in sugarcane fields underneath a roof where folks working on the sugarcane fields can access equipment -- or supplies, excuse me. And we have quite a few in Northern California in some wineries. So I thought I'd share a few of those, the places vending machines can go. And so I think the future is bright for Fastenal and our vending opportunity.
