Holden Lewis: I’ll handle that one. In the case of the fastener business, that’s local. And keep in mind, when I talk about local, I’m talking about where the pricing decision is made as far as what level of price. And so, this is local business. When I talk about freight, that includes both local business and national account business. So, includes all aspects of our business. But the decision of whether or not charge freight is typically made locally. There might be some contractual limitations on certain sales. But generally speaking, that’s a local made decision. So, I would put both in that bucket. In regards to how quickly we can click upon on it. The freight one is a challenge, because in many of our growth drivers, and vending is an example of growth driver, Onsite example of growth driver, our propensity to charge freight is typically lower, especially in the case of vending, it’s not-existent for the most part. There are challenges to engage with the customer or doing backhauls of freight. And I often see examples of that. On a recent trip, I saw interestingly enough down Indianapolis, 3 pallets, large pallets, and each had a truck cab on it from a vintage truck that was being shipped from a scrap yard in Minnesota out to the East Coast. And that’s example of backhauls we do in our system to offset. The freight one is going to be challenging in the short term. The fastener one, that's about habits and we can change habits tomorrow. And I'll just -- to give you a little bit of color. If I think about the RVP commentary that came through to us over the course of the quarter, it improved as the quarter went on from January to February to March. So, I think that the confidence in the field grew and the achievement in the field grew as we went along, which is what we would have expected to see. And I would also say that if I think about the month-to-month contribution of pricing, it also grew as we went through the quarter. So, we've talked before about having to rebuild that muscle memory. Obviously for us in our model, these conversations are very much sort of customer to employee. And I think there are signs that we are building up that muscle memory through the quarter and we just need to make sure that we continue to bulk up as we go into the second quarter and that's the expectation.
Holden Lewis: To be clear, I don't think that it's a pretty tough pricing environment. We are getting pricing, it's just the rate at which we're getting it. Again, I think that the sentiment around how the RVPs are feeling about that environment has only gotten better as the quarter has gone on. So, I don't think that would characterize the pricing environment today is tough. It's just a matter of at what pace we're going to be able to put it through. As it relates to tariffs, however, if you think about 232, the increase in steel and aluminum, that would primarily have a direct impact on our manufacturing business, which does source that. If I think about the section 301s -- which is 4% or 5% of our revenue on the manufacturing, if I think about the section 301 tariffs, we looked into what products are captured in that. And there are some. I think we've identified about $11 million or $12 million in annual COGS that would be affected directly by that. There no doubt be some others that come through in -- through masters. But we're talking about metal nuts; we're talking about pallet jacks and a few other items. And so, there really was no impact on tariffs in Q1 in our business. Most of what would be affected directly seems fairly modest. I think, our bigger question is what impacts does it have on our customers at the end of the day. And as I said, in Q1, there really was nothing there. To the extent that it contributes to either a more inflationary environment, we'll have to respond to that as we’ve talked about. To the extent that it creates issues for our customers, we have to respond to that. But no impact yet, and I think it’s sort of a wait and see kind of situation.
Holden Lewis: But Robert, we actually have seen the list of things that we understand to be affected now. So, we have something on which to sort of make a judgment, if you will. And if I look at that list there is probably 25 things on it, iron or steel nuts is 85% of that. And so, there is a list of things out there that are supposed to be affected by that. That’s what we’re able to give some judgment based upon.
Holden Lewis: The question of expanding gross margin, I mean, we build the whole in Q1. Q2, I can tell you is going to be a very difficult comparison based on how we performed last year, but -- o that would difficult. But, if we’re talking just sequentially, there is a path to be able to achieve a gross margin that is comparable to slightly below where we are in Q1. So, I think if you look at the history, it’s not uncommon to see 30 basis points or what have you sort of down from Q1 or -- to Q2 et cetera. There is a path to do somewhat better than that. But that path does rely significantly on our ability to continue to build up our pricing momentum and that’s kind of the wildcard that we are going to be playing through in Q2. Again, we like the signals, we certainly give it a clear message as to what we need to do going forward. And if we can deliver and execute on that as we fully expect to do so, there is a path to have margins that are comparable to maybe modestly below where we faced in Q1 and perhaps do a little bit better than the normal seasonal pattern, if you will.
Holden Lewis: And David, just so you know, the gross margin is certainly part of it. But the other piece, if I look at our operating expenses. Bear in mind that through Q1, the blending in of Mansco, that obviously has an impact on the incremental margins. The reset of incentive comp, I know it seems like, we started talking about that a year ago, we did. The good news is, you get into Q2, Q3, Q4 and that reset begins to anniversary as well. I take some encouragement from the fact that we’ve got 50 basis points of leverage over corporate and occupancy. We did not get much over the headcount side. But as we do begin to anniversary that reset in Q2 and beyond, I think that there is potential there to get more leverage out of the SG&A than what you’ve seen to this point. And so, the growth drivers will -- we’re going to continue to invest in those. But there are pieces of our P&L that we should leverage out at greater -- to a greater degree certainly into the second half of this year than we have at this point as our growth matures.
Holden Lewis: Yes. To some extent, you don’t want to overreact to something because again at the end of the day what we are looking for is are we seeing issues with hard to collect product, and the fact is we are simply not. And so, in the fourth quarter, we obviously called out receivables being a bit of a challenge. And I may have sort of believed that that was primarily a function of the calendar and true that may have simply been -- our customers are sighting to push out beyond the quarter. I don’t know what the reason is for what looks to us to be a recent somewhat change in behavior. It’s something that we will have to kind of go back and check on and get our arms around. But, I think the important element of it is, we don’t have an increase in hard to collect receivables out there. Those numbers have remained lean and healthy. And so, all we’re seeing is we’re seeing a pushback, which if it’s about being able to report a clean quarter, as many of our customers are public and do so, you could be talking about dates. At the end of Q4, we saw an inflow of payments at the beginning of January. I haven’t had a chance to sort of look at how the beginning of the first quarter has played out yet and look at that statistics, it wouldn’t surprise me if it’s there. So, it’s something that’s worth calling out because obviously it impacts those numbers. But, I don’t think that there is anything particularly worrisome from there from a -- in terms of a corporate health standpoint I guess how I’ll put it.
Dan Florness: I’ll chime in a little bit as well to support Holden’s answer. And that is historically, our ability to pass on things like this, a tariff, a duty et cetera, the marketplace gets that and it’s able to pass that through. The wildcard in all of it is what impact that has, not to our ability to price but to volumes. What impact does it have with the customer? Does it impact their ability to export product? Does it impact the profitability within their business on what products they sell? That's the unanswerable question. But the marketplace gets the fact that the costs are going up.
Dan Florness: First off, to touch on that, we have identified what we know so far. Keep in mind that the number Holden sighted looks at product we’re directly sourcing that we believe is impacted. But on top of that is product that we’re sourcing from others that would be impacted. That ones are more difficult ones to quantify because with many of our suppliers, if I think of both branded and some of the non-branded products, many of our suppliers, their source of origin can fluctuate, so they might -- a lot of fasteners come out of Taiwan and China and a lot of that production has moved into China over the last 15, 20 years. No different than 40 and 50 years ago a lot of that production had moved from Japan into Taiwan and in other parts of Southeast China -- or Southeast Asia, excuse me. So, there are other sources of supply but the issue we run into is see that what you can change. Other factors that might be going on in other countries within the Pacific Rim, most of the fasteners sold in this country are made outside in North America. So, it’s not an issue that’s unique to us; it’s an issue that’s unique to that product line. Within our non-fastener product, the percentage would be lower but still a sizable piece is made. But again it can -- I hesitate to quantify it because there are multiple sources of supply and we aren’t always privileged to upstream those sorts of supply when we order [ph] product. But the other dynamic is this thing moves rapidly. Sometimes you have to try to follow it by the latest tweet and we prefer not our business that way.
Dan Florness: As our business was ramping up in 2017, our willingness to invest in our growth drivers expanded. And that’s why I touched on some of the headcount we’re adding behind the scenes to really support this. And knowing full well that I frankly didn’t expect coming into the first half of this year, and I’m operating margin when I talk about this and removing the noise of tax reform. I fully expected our operating -- our incremental margins to drop below 20% and into the upper teens. And ironically enough, we have been -- if we went [ph] to have this fastener issue in the quarter, would, could, should, but we would have been in the low 20s. I still firmly believe when I look at this business over period of years -- and we are in transition period of really investing heavily in a fundamentally different growth driver in our business. As we’re in that, if you look at it over time, there’s no reason why gross margin can’t be in that -- the incremental margin within the gross margin line can’t be in that lower half of the 40s, so 43 to 45, and our incremental spend can’t be closer to 20, which would put us into optimistically 25, pessimistically lower half of 20s incremental margin. And if we are growing 6, 7 ,8 points faster than anybody else out there and we are taking market share and we are doing things that are natural for our business and that create a more defensive of a business from the standpoint of conversations from others, I think that’s a win for our shareholders. Right now, like I say, we’re investing heavily in that transition. And unfortunately, we stubbed our toe on local pricing this quarter. But, I think that’s fixable, I know it’s fixable fast. 
Dan Florness: Number of things there. It’s not external versus internal. We’ve got a little bit of that in the quarter because of the weather. But that’s not fundamental issue, Dave. If I look at it, we lost about 20 basis points of gross margin strictly on the pricing aspect of where we’re charging it. I’d say a third of that is because of our growth drivers pulling it down, the other two-thirds is our propensity to execute. And I think it’s something we fall victim to. We convince ourselves that the marketplace doesn’t allow people to charge freight anymore, because that’s you read in the headlines every day. That’s not true. The marketplace will allow you to charge freight, when you break, when you’re providing a value. I believe your propensity to charge freight in this environment goes up because every time I turnaround, I read an article about folks can’t add trucks and drivers and capacity fast enough. And so, freight is becoming more expensive and we were structural advantage there and we need to price for that. So I believe, it’s fixable, but the challenging aspect is our growth drivers aren’t are true friend. And so, when it comes to this aspect, they are great friend when it comes to growing our business, but they do hurt it on the face of it. And there we need to challenge ourselves and say, okay, we don’t charge freight here, let this customer shipping product out, can we ship some pallets of product out? And that’s why, when I go to our big [indiscernible] facility down in Indianapolis, I am always curious what I see when I’m down there. Because it tells me if we’re engaging and doing that because if our customers are having a hard time finding capacity to ship pallets, and we have capacity to ship pallets, I think we can marry that up and fix piece of the problem there. But, it’s a component of where Holden’s talked about the gross margin impact of our growth drivers and the drop, the natural drop we’re going to see each year in our gross profit, that’s a component of it.
Dan Florness: Yes. Mansco was probably about 10 to 20 basis points impact right down the middle there. I would say mix this quarter was also sort of in that 10 to 20 basis-point impact. I think, the transportation was about 20 basis points of impact. And those would give you the biggest pieces of the sort of the 70 basis-point decline year-over-year.
Dan Florness: And so -- and then obviously local pricing of fasteners and this general product inflation play role and the fact that we didn’t get as much as we needed to begin to offset that. Adam, I’ll add one pivot there. So, I sighted when I was talking to Dave the fact that we’ve given up 20 basis points on our propensity charge. We got about half of that back in leveraging of our network itself. So, the gross margin impact was about 10 basis points for freight, 20 of it, pricing, 10 of it we got back because we still run a great fleet and we continue to utilize that fleet for moving products around the country; even though our costs are up there, we are moving more tons of product.
Dan Florness: I will throw the ladder on to that, and we’re coming up on 45 minutes past the hour, so this would be the last question. When I think of it and putting my old hat on, you customers that are growing faster than they have experienced in recent years, that growth in their businesses takes working capital; you have interest rates that are rising. It’s probably not an unreasonable thing to see of people pushing, especially, they do a little window dressing at the end of the quarter to see patterns slowdown. My challenge to our team is, guys no, have a challenge your customer. We’re business partners here. And to cut off your payments from the 22nd through 25th of March creates a lot of pain for us too. And there is three assets in our business. There is fixed capital of which vending is typically is place inside their facility; there is inventory of which with Onsite we’re placing dollars inside their facility and there is accounts receivable. If I think of the value, we bring to their business of those three things, the first two add value, the third one doesn’t. So don’t do that to us. And let’s push back a little bit using that, because every dollar we have there is a dollar can have in inventory and fixed capital long term. And we don’t think that’s good for our customers. So, if they want to push some other suppliers, they can do that, but can’t do with us. Because we have inventory and fixed capital inside your facilities to support your business, we can’t do all three. With that, we are at 45 minutes past the hour. Thank you for participating in today’s earnings call. Holden is hosting an Investor Day next week. I believe that’s being broadcast on the Internet.
