Will Oberton: That size of zero to 30 will probably never be at a breakeven. What they do is they migrate out and then we open new stores. So that pool is somewhat consistent, if that makes sense. But based on where they are, we think that the operating losses should be anywhere from 8% to 12%, not 24%. We were – we are putting additional expense and are trying to drive growth and we weren’t getting much – seeing much improvement in the growth. So we backed up the expenses. They are still growing at the same rate. They are spending less money to get there. But they never – we never foreseen going to profitability.
Will Oberton: I actually don’t have the growth rate on it, but we continue to work hard developing our private label brands and continue to find success and higher margin. But the actual numbers, I don’t have with me.
Will Oberton: There are some – there are higher Fastenal prices that have kind of backed off a little bit recently over the last month or so. It’s backed up a little bit. We see pricing going up, but it’s going to be in the low-single digits. The Fastenal product line has a long tail because people have a lot of inventory. If we see any benefit, it will be in the latter half of the third quarter going into the fourth quarter as we see a little bit of benefit. But right now it’s a little bit murky because of the uncertainty in the overall economy. It’s not like it was back in late 2007 or the angles are going up at this acute angle. Slight increases here and there.Luke Junk – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks guys.
Will Oberton: I can touch on the geographical. As far as the construction, we don’t have all the fine detail on that, but geographically we’ve actually seen a nice pickup across the country. There is no area that’s weak. We are particularly strong in Eastern Canada. Western Canada is doing about at the same level as the other part of the business. The one area – I guess that there was one area that we are seeing a little bit of weakness is basically the Rocky Mountains, basically from Montana to New Mexico. That strip is a little bit soft for us. But some of that is that we get real – we were doing better last year. It didn’t taper off as fast and so it’s not coming back as fast. The brighter spot that we have is our international business. Asia is doing very well for us. Singapore, Malaysia, China are growing well above 50%. And we are seeing there is a lot of good things going on there. In the US, it’s really pretty even coming back other than that Rocky Mountain area. And then as far as the construction, most of the large jobs that we are seeing are energy related, either coal-fired power plants that are going on. There is a lot of oil and gas in North Dakota, some construction up there putting in wells and infrastructure. We are hearing a lot of business with that. We’re seeing rebuilding down in the Houston area with a lot of the refineries. We are doing some really nice business there. Most of the business that we are seeing was coming from existing mechanical contractors that are doing well. The part of commercial construction that’s missing is you just don’t see a crane up and down in the cities. Another area that we’ve really seen it basically completely gone is where they have put big boxes throughout the first half of 2000 to 2006. There was a Target, a Wal-Mart, a Home Depot going up in about 100 or 200 of our cities at any given time. And that is really nice business for us that’s usually local regional contractors and they are locking in the store. If there is a Home Depot going up to pick up $3,000 to $5,000 a month in miscellaneous business until the project is done. That business is just non-existent today.
Will Oberton: On a positive note, the international business is trending – from a profit standpoint, is trending at or above the company numbers. So that’s not a concern.
Will Oberton: Well, about half of the 80 have been put in place. So it’s correct if you just took it down by – you take it down by 40 to 50 and you’re right.
Will Oberton: And also understand that most of that at the store level will be part time. So as a percentage of labor, it’s not nearly as high as it sounds because it’s a lower cost level, a lower rate.
Will Oberton: We believe we can hold our support labor out. There will be some additions in distribution, but they will not be nearly as high as our sales growth should be. We are going to work very hard to hold the support pretty much flat. And whatever dollars we have, we want to put them into sales positions, growth drivers. We really believe if you can only invest in certain parts of the business closer to the customer will give us a greater return. And we found through the slowdown of 2009 that, you know, do we compromise a few things when we have fewer support people? Absolute, we always do. But our people have got better prioritizing and really getting the things that are necessary, that are most important. So hold support very tight, invest in sales, and see how it plays out and grow our business.
Will Oberton: If you think of the historical pattern, what Dan is talking about, what customers talking, less inventory, goes all the way back to the early ‘90s, the early recession – recession in the early ‘90s. Coming out of that companies started just in time inventory and a whole bunch of trends throughout our industry to lower what they had. Then in the early 2000 slowdown, it became much greater. CFOs were getting involved in their businesses. Call it Class-C items. We don’t need that tool crib worth $600, $800 and millions of dollars. Let’s get rid of that and let the distributors do it for us. That has been good for our business for 20 years. We believe this trend is even stronger because the hit was even worse with the economy. And what I’m hearing and I’ve been talking to lots of customers, what can you do to close down my tool crib and you guys just take care of it? That is a very positive trend for Fastenal because we have more inventory closer to more customers and almost – probably than anyone else there. So we are very optimistic that no one will ever rebuild their inventory and they will depend on Fastenal to be their supply store for their factory. So it’s very positive.
Dan Florness: If you think about that group, the average store in there probably does around 20,000 a month. So there is about $10,000 in gross profit dollars and there is – right now, there is $12,000 of operating expenses. That math doesn’t really change. The fact that we took that 12 down from 14 a year ago was quite an accomplishment.
Dan Florness: Yes. International locations, when I look at this year, close – almost 10% of our openings are international. And if we look at that from a percentage standpoint, that’s meaningfully above where they are as a percentage of our business. And that trend is going to continue to broaden. The limiting factor always on locations, the section that we have international business is two things. One, when I think of our – I'm going to exclude Canada when I say this because Canada is far enough along developed that these two pieces don’t really come into play. It operates very much like our US-centric store-based business. But when I think of international, I would think of the two limiting factors. One is always the development of people and the ability to open stores. And that’s a limitation that we’ve always had in our organization. The second one is, when you look at particularly our Asian business, our model there is a little bit different. It’s more of an OEM-centric faster model where we have fewer locations with larger business per location. So the dynamics of peer store openings are a little bit different, but we will continue to invest heavily in people into those international locations.
Dan Florness: Well, I mean, if you look at it historically, when you look at all the components of payroll, base pay, bonus pay, profit sharing, our school of business dollars, our healthcare dollars, historically we were in that upper range. Last year, unfortunately, because if you think about the business model, when you think about the components of operating expense, that is the most variable expense we have. Occupancy in the short-term much less variable because you have your locations and your expense is your expense. You can change the thermostat. You could renegotiate leases. But those are – that's about it. You still have a base of locations. And so that dropped last year because that variable expense dropped dramatically. When you look at on a year-over-year basis, that is sequential basis for that matter. Earlier I mentioned that our profitability, our commissions and profit bonuses combined were up almost 80% on a year-over-year basis. That combined with our FTE stabilizing and growing on a sequential basis is causing that expense as a percentage to grow faster than everything else until it’s getting – it's moved back to where its norm is. Last year wasn’t the norm.
Dan Florness: Historically, that component of our margin is worth about 100 basis points. And last year what happened as we went through the year, that 100 dropped down to – in the fourth quarter, it was at about 30 basis points. We lost about – sequentially through the year, we lost about 70 basis points. We gained about half of that back in the first quarter. First quarter we had about 65 basis points. That number, if you look at what we earned in the second quarter, we are at about 97 basis points – we are basically back to 100 basis points. A little piece of that fits an ending inventory because of the way turns work, and so in our P&L, we picked up 25 basis points and we are running right now at 90. I see no reason why we won’t get back to 100. When I talk about the contribution going forward, I see that being at 100 basis points. I didn’t think 10 basis point sequential improvement was enough to talk about.
Dan Florness: You know, I don’t have those facts in front of me. So I’m going to talk a bit from the hip [ph]. As Will mentioned earlier, when we have improving trends in sales growth, what happens is stores graduate out of that group and they move to the group and then to the third group to fourth to fifth et cetera. So when I look at that group, could the average store in there be 5% or 10% higher than it would have been a year ago? Maybe. But that won’t really change that number because the piece that would be getting paid out and then added commissions and maybe adding people because that store is growing, or adding hours to the part-timer. It really changed because we lowered – essentially we took couple of grand worth of monthly expenses out of those stores because the district manager decided it wasn’t bringing value to my question and I’m going to do without it. Now the fact that we might have given the DM a nudge to do that, that’s irrelevant. The DM took dollars out of that store, because if the store is growing faster and it’s getting to higher level, that’s what drives us to graduate from that group.
Dan Florness: Actually, if you look at that trend pattern, once we get past July and then to August, you really see a pattern that starts to mirror that historical pattern.
Dan Florness: Yes. But then so the growth then is on more of a steady-state business. That’s what I was alluding to earlier when I was talking about the pathway to profit and what’s going to drive our profitability improvements in the future. When we talk about September and October, that’s really a comment not unique to 2010. That’s every year in our business. Those are our peak sales months on an absolute dollar basis for the year because our business – our business is always running forward and growing. What happens in November and December is there just aren’t enough business days and you have so many holiday impacts with businesses that are shut down for part of the Thanksgiving week, that are shut down for the Christmas-New Year timeframe. So the quality of the business days in November and December plus construction business slowing because the seasonality fall off. And historically, we look at our business and once we get through October, we now are developing our plan for the next year on our sales trends because January and October – really September-October, the daily average in that timeframe tends to mirror over historically what we’re going to see the following January. So it was an absolute dollar peak, not a sales growth peak.
Dan Florness: I’ll answer that. The second half was about sell-through versus inventory. This is a belief. I don’t know this to be a fact. But I know – businesses that I talk to, people that I talk to, nobody is too excited about putting their neck out too far right now on two fronts. I don’t think people are adding – are willing to put their neck out adding people too fast right now because there are not – there is enough uncertainty still about the future. And so you are not seeing a lot of headcount added by any company. The second one is inventory. I think a lot of people have a very good memory of 2009. A lot of business that squeezed really hard where they have a certain inventory level to support their business, the business fell through the floor and all of a sudden, the stuff coming in the one door is greater than the stuff that’s going out the other door. And a lot of companies built up inventory. And that’s what amplified what happened in 2009. And we were no different. Late in ’08, our inventory grew dramatically. And the inventory we dropped in the first half of ’09 was really working off the bubble that built in the last three months of ’08. And so I don’t believe people are adding to their inventory other than to meet their shipping needs of the next few weeks or the next month depending on their business cycle and their supply chain. And so I believe the business we are seeing is real and it’s not being lifted by inventory build.
