Will Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you for everybody who is joining us on the call today. Looking at the second quarter 2014, I would rate it as a good quarter, not a great quarter, but a good quarter. The most positive numbers being in the sales area, we had 12.1% sales growth for the quarter. Some of the highlights as I see it, our older stores grew right at 10% and even stronger in last two months of the quarter. So, when our store historically, when our older stores are growing in the double-digit Fastenal does very well. Our sequential pattern from January to June, which we follow the sequential pattern very closely was up 14.8% from January to June. Our fastener sequential growth was up 15.1% from January to June and our construction business was up more than 20%. To see those number -- to see number similar to that you would have to go back, all the way back to 2010, where we had similar results and you can see how it came out after that. So, from a sales standpoint, we’re feeling very good about what we've done. We believe a lot has to do with us adding the people back at the end of or during 2013 and continuing to be committed to drive more sales [cost]. On the EPS side, we were somewhat disappointed, we thought we would do a better job or produce higher earnings per share and it's really a margin story. I think, Dan, did a nice job in the earnings release stating our margin and some of the pressures we’re having with larger accounts and things like that, and that we are not going to push the margins so hard internally that we make start -- put our people in a position to make bad business decisions. A couple of things in the margin though that that were disappointing other than the net result, freight slipped just a little bit, which we have to work on that, that's really about pounding the drum and making sure that we make that work, and some of our measurements on pricing habits slipped slightly. So we are looking at that very hard, we are working very hard on the margin and I believe we will continue to do well there. On the expense side, team did a nice job. We grew our SG&A by 10%. That was with 15% more FTEs. So we added the people, we got the sales results, we produced the sales results and we still maintained our expense level at a very well. So, we are happy about that. Vending -- and also on the sales side, our vending performance remained strong. We had good signings. Our sales growth was good, it’s still about 20% and we saw improvement in the margin. We have a tremendous upside on the margin with the vending. It will take time to do it, but with things we are doing with THUB and buying better packaging. There are a lot of initiatives going on with vending and so we are very excited about the vending opportunity and believe it's a big part of our future along with fasteners and many other things. So to summarize, I am going to keep my comments short today. To summarize, as I see it, we have very good sales momentum. Our fastener sales are recovering. Our vending remains strong. We have -- we did -- done a very nice job on our expense control and we need to continue to work hard on our margin. So as looking at our business, that's what you can expect from the future is continue to work hard in the sales, work on the margin, manage our expense and hopefully be a very good company for you to own. With that, I am going to turn it over to, Dan, who will give you more color on all of the numbers. Thank you.
Will Oberton: Well, we care about both of them equally, but what we have discovered as if we push margin too hard that we make bad business decisions and we’re walking away from very -- what might be very profitable business. So we have to do is from a margin standpoint, work more on the mechanical side of it of what the pricing should be versus just standing up and saying, hey, we need to be at 52% or we need to be at 53%, talk about good decisions, talk about what the opportunities are, talk about how we buy product and so it’s more of a mechanical discussion piece by piece than it is about getting every penny for on every sale. So it’s about creating better habits at the store level and building it into the culture and as we get there whether that gets us to 51.5 or 52.5, whatever that is, we still want to be able to grow our business at 18, 15 to 20 plus percent as we do that. We’ve done a lot of sole searching on the margin and we found as if we push it too hard it throws breaks on sales. I don’t know if that helps yet, it’s a fine line.
Will Oberton: Well, our headcount growth goal is to stay at 15% right now on the brand side of it. But last year we are very flat in the second quarter, so we didn’t have to add a lot. You look at that we ended up right at the number of 15% growth rate, we actually…
Will Oberton: I’d say, overall, so at the store we’re above our number. But we’ll continue to add through the third quarter the adds won’t be real great because we didn’t have again a lot last year, as fourth quarter comes that number will start to ramp up. So if you just pull out last years number and add 15%, 16% to that, that’s pretty close to where we are going to be. But that, again, we’ve been working very hard with our regionals, we had a mall in this week, talking about folks, get your numbers, we’re not going to give you exact headcounts, run your businesses like CEOs. And we have 20 of them doing that. There’s a little fluctuation in the numbers, some of we will had and some of we will not, but overall our goal is to add about 15% to our stores.
Will Oberton: Our published number has always been around 3,500. As far as what we’ve talked about internally and externally, and we don’t frankly know that number is right or wrong. What we do know is the market opportunity, depending on whose set of numbers I’m going to look at is maybe its $160 billion, maybe its $140 billion, maybe its $110 billion. At $3.5 billion, we have a tremendous opportunity to go out to take market share for years into the future. I’m 50 years old. I’m confident. When I’m long gone from being around here, this organization will be growing. Maybe at that point in time a good chunk of that growth is coming from outside of North America, who knows, depends on how successful we are in the next 10, 15 years. But that -- but it’s really about what’s the opportunity? I don’t know how many stores we will have. I don’t know how many vending machines we will have. I don’t know how many bin stock programs we will have. I know that we will be doing business with more customers in more locations, doing more dollars and I look forward to seeing how that evolves. But our stated number right now is 3,500 and we -- it’s a little bit of a napkin calculation, but we think it’s a reasonable way to look at the future.
Will Oberton: Pricing is pretty neutral, if anything, it’s challenging because, one thing you had to keep perspective, if you look at the economic improvements we have had, which have been meager over last five years. But if you look at that them, they are heavily skewed to larger companies than they are to smaller companies, at least that’s my perception when I read in the paper, what I see in the media, what I see in connections I have with friends in my hometown of, their own businesses, that employing where from five to 25 employees or 50 employees, of where the recovery, albeit, meager has been achieved. The other thing as we raised our fastener business, we have talked a bit about 20% of our business today is heavy equipment manufacturing and that pummeled us in 2013. In 2012, we were seeing very attractive growth in that business. As we went through 2013 that we growth weakened. We bottomed out in the third quarter with low single digits growth, we had a month there, but we actually went slightly negative and the only growth that we were seeing in the months around it, were the facts we were adding market share, but our core business was down. That business has been improving as we have entered into 2014. We saw mid, kind of mid single-digit growth in that business in the first quarter. That improved a few percentage points in the second quarter. We were at about 8% to growth in that business and from a sequential pattern that’s given legs to our fastener business as well.
Will Oberton: I think also staying on what we learnt from Bob is that our biggest factor we believe in margin isn’t markets and isn’t products, it’s pay programs. And I have been saying that for a long time when we are all Fastenal’s, we are margins at 52. We’re now 40% Fastenal’s, our margins at 51.8. So not a lot of variance over 20 years the way we got, excuse me, 50.8. So it has not moved a lot. We have the pay programs in place to motivate these people to make the good decisions. And those decisions just aren’t all about margin, they are about growth versus margin and that’s what we want to let -- we want to let that work but we haven’t lowered our programs to allow lower margins and pay it. So I think the systems are in place at the store level, at the district, at the regional and the top level and that’s why I have confidence that the margin is not going to move a lot. And going down, we’ll keep our hand down.
Will Oberton: I’m still completely convince looking at the numbers that vending will be our most efficient and most profitable business overall or on period, not very shortly but for a long period of time, for years to come because of all the things we built in. And in the second quarter for the first time, we had a run rate to actually be over a $0.5 billion going through the machines.
Will Oberton: So it is become a big business that’s growing well above the company, so if we continue any, even similar growth rates, our profit picture for the future looks great.
Will Oberton: Here is our internal thinking on it. If we had a point of growth to our business where we are right now, we had just about $10 million in quarterly revenue and $5 million in gross margin. If we give up 20 basis points, which everybody's freaked out about, we give up $2 million, so do I want a point of growth or do I want the 20 basis points, I like them both, but on balance, a point or 2 of growth is worth a lot of margin and we have to find that balance within our company and keep the street in and the know at the same chart to keep, Dan, is checking his calculator here, if I got it right.
Will Oberton: Oh! I do have a right. So at a $1 billion you had a point of growth, you pick up $10 million and so that’s trying to find that balance, where do you get the return on, the extra $5 million in gross margin.
Will Oberton: No. We are continuing to work very hard at a metalworking, it’s continuing to outgrow the overall company revenue, not by the amount that we had expected but we are growing well above. We see our public peers that are working in that area. Our metal working sales are growing well above any one else that we can get public data on. We’ve just -- we haven’t been talking as much about the different product lines. What Dan and I have learned over long period of time is the more we talk about it, the more we have to support it. And it’s easier for us to give more general information, continue to work harder on the macro numbers, growth, margin, headcount and -- but when people ask we do talk about this. So, we’re very excited about the metal working opportunity just as we’re about Fastenal’s safety, vending and many other areas.
Will Oberton: David, I would throw in a fourth there and that is the education of our stores to charge for the value that they provide our customers. That is -- I know that’s an intangible but I’ll tell you we were adding 16% to 17% more hours in the store. They are inexperienced people. As they gain experience and they gain confidence, things will change but that goes right back to the habits of pricing our customer or a sale appropriately. And that is an ongoing item for us too.
Will Oberton: That’s really inherent in pathway to profit, that’s kind of what we identified bigger customers, bigger stores, lower cost to serve.
Will Oberton: Yes. It’s -- and we see -- we have lots of data points with the number of stores. We have and we can see where it is and as long as we continue to grow our average store size, this quarter is difficult because we had tremendous drop in the margin, I mean 140 basis points, everything looks skewed in the wrong direction. But in more normal quarter, you would have seen that come through.
Will Oberton: Once again, I want to thank you for your continued interested in Fastenal. Hopefully, the combination of our earning release and the commentary in this call helps you understand our business and how we’re working to grow the business into the future. Thank you and have a good day.
Dan Florness: Only thing I will add to that is, back in both our January and April call we did a talk about that that we wanted to end the year in that 15% neighborhood and we were slowing down. We weren’t pushing as hard on the adds, because we’re also very conscious of the fact that we want to manage our operating expenses through all this. We want to invest for growth, manage our operating expenses and I think that’s what you saw in the quarter.
Dan Florness: We are also spending time trying to understand the changing customer habits with internet, with -- more terrific, with where people want to travel, and that’s going to determine a lot of where that number eventually falls, what the customers expect out of us as a distributor or supplier.
Dan Florness: Well, if I look out the fourth quarter, I am very comfortable with that, because that the hangover has gone in gross margin. The wildcard for third quarter is topline and gross margin. I -- come end of the quarter, I personally will be disappointed and this is a dangerous place me to go, but since you asked the question. I personally will be disappointed if its not a two in front of the incremental margin and I don’t think, I am going on and live with that comment, because when you look at where our expectations are and where our expectations should be. And that’s, we just had all of our regional leaders in on Wednesday and Thursday of this week and those are the discussions we had with them and I believe the selling momentum we have in the business, went itself to having that type of belief in the future and I don’t think I am smoking something and saying it.
Dan Florness: Similar to the, what you saw in assessing our stores and our stores that we have today, we have a business that’s gone from zero to $350 million, $400 million in sales annual run rate, plus in a handful of years and in 2012 and 2013 we signed a tremendous amount of vending machines. As we become smarter about the business we see vending machines that are performing unbelievably. We see vending machines that are performing damn well, excuse my choice of words. We see vending machines that are disappointing. And we take a good hard look at them and we pull some machines out. And when we pull it, the way we report the number is we count -- if we have a customer that has 30 locations that we sell to and we’re vending in 20 of those. We only count the business in those 20 when we’re reporting our numbers. So if we pull vending machines out of one location and we scratch our head and say this location just doesn’t have enough employees, want to pull it out of this one. That might be a location that spends a fair amount of dollars on something but vending machine did make sense. And it pulled out a little bit. To me the number that really matters is the 21% or 22% growth with the customers that have vending because that’s what’s going to drive our business long term. The other thing you had to keep in perspective some of the things that are raising our numbers right now, improving our growth of 15% Fastenal improvement, the 20% construction. Some of those customers don’t have vending yet. And so one thing that’s happening, we pulled some machines up. What is really happening is the tide is rising.
Dan Florness: Well, the real reason I put it in there to be honest with you. You guys wore me out in the last three months. The number of questions I got about, we would be here, be here, it almost wore me out and it’s really more of a statement to everybody, hey let’s manage growing the business. We’re going to work really hard on the gross margin. There is a whole bunch of things mechanically that I can look at that we’re doing today, tomorrow, next week. I touched on a few with THUB that we’re doing to structurally improve the gross margin. But we’ll mention it earlier. What we don’t want to do is play the music so darn loud that we have a store somewhere in Fastenal tomorrow that turns down a 28% margin sale or 22% margin sale because of the noise they heard from us. And we want to say to them, grow your business and grow it properly. One thing, Bob Kierlin taught us years ago that we can never forget, at the end of the day, it’s about returns. At the end of the day, it’s about your operating margin. Are you generating cash to support your growth in terms of the business? And if you do that everyday and you service your customer well, you’ll grow your business. And you’ll build a better business tomorrow than you have today.
Dan Florness: To be honest, I’d rather report second quarter with 12% growth and 50.8 gross margin than 8% growth and we’re at 51.8.
Dan Florness: If we grew, we grew our expense at 10%. So we had leverage on the growth. Our problem was on the sales growth versus expense. Our problem is we had a tough margin comparison from last year. So if we roll it forward, if we maintain our margin at 51% range and hopefully we move it up on that’s given guidance I’m saying, we should -- we will have earnings leverage. So we’re controlling our expenses well. We have great sales momentum. Again we’re up 14% from January and so we think we’re in a good spot. It’s -- we just have to continue to do well.
Dan Florness: The language we had in there was the range of 100 to 110. We’re at a base. We had a $100,000 average store this quarter. And our gross margin slipped at 50.8. We need to be closer to 110 to hit 23. At 51.5, it would be a different discussion.
Dan Florness: If I look at our vending where it’s running right now, a few years ago when we were talking about vending and a lot of questions about the weaker gross margins in it and we take a step back and say, the customers that have vending are larger customers and their gross margin is around X and our gross margin in vending is very much in line. And when we look at our customers before vending and after vending, the gross margins didn’t really change and they were in that neighborhood of 40%. If you look at our vending today, we've improved it meaningfully from where it was two years ago. And if we hadn’t, we would have more drag from it because it’s roughly 12% of our sales right now vending, 12% to 13%. I don’t have the exact number in front of me.
Dan Florness: It’s north of 13. And so -- and we’ve move that margin up more in that 43.5 to 44 range. And right now if I look at the concentrations of products going through vending and that’s why I touched on the THUB comment earlier. Our concentrating effect isn’t that strong yet. And so I really see no reason why that the gross margin in our vending can't normalize to the gross margin of the company allowing for the products. And what I mean by that is our fastener’s gross margins are 51%. Our non-fastener margins aren’t 51%. Fasteners are above that number, non-fasteners are little bit below that number. But there is plenty of room for us to improve gross margin over time and it’s really about being smarter about the products that go into a machine. A machine that we know a lot more about today than we did two years ago and that’s why our margin is improved by 3.5 points.
Dan Florness: It’s private label, it’s brands. Its really about the scale and efficiency that comes from -- if I can say to my supplier, we would like to buy this product and we’re selling so many of this product, whether it’s a private label or a brand, we’re selling so much of this through our vending machines that we want to buy it this way. Its not even pallete pricing, its container pricing. By this way we’re going to bring in the THUB and we’re going to push it out through our machines. It allows you to source so much better and the margin improves and it isn’t just because you’re putting your brands in it, it’s because you’re putting -- you’re even getting the business. And you are improving the economics of the business and improving the labor efficiency at the store unbelievably and it gives you more selling energy.
Dan Florness: We are not saying we’re not. What we’re saying is, if our growth, like I said, in part of my commentary it was, the focus, the spotlight of every question that comes in is about gross margin here, here or there. And we are not going to jump out the window. If we report a quarter with 51 or 50.9 or 51.1 gross margin, we are seeing a tremendous amount of growth in our business right now, from non-fasteners, we are seeing improvements in fasteners, we see great trends in fasteners, but the year over numbers are what they are and it’s disproportionate to large account business. If the small customer was growing as fast with us and we had that that mix in our numbers, we are being challenged by mix in a massive way, all these things that are under the hood that we talked about, the vending -- improvements in vending gross margin, the improvements in our sourcing, the things we do everyday, the improvements over the years in our freight, all these things are structural changes we are making to combat the massive change in customer and product mix that occur in our business. When I joined Fastenal in 1996, 4% of our business was national account, today its 44%. If I add large reasonable accounts more than 50% of our business today is a large multi-location customer. When I joined Fastenal in 1996, I think at that time fasteners were about 80%, 85% of our business, today they dropped in half to low 40s, but during that timeframe, we've managed all the structural components within the respective product categories and end market categories and we’ve basically had a gross margin that has been unchanged. There has been periods of turmoil, but, yes, you have a business that goes from $220 million a year to $3.5 billion a year in 17 years that comes to the [third-party].
Dan Florness: The consolidate -- the aggregation of our spend whether that’s going to one of our brands that we support in our THUB facility or private label that we support in our THUB facility. It’s identifying all the opportunities we have and communicating that to the field and communicating that to our district managers and our regional leaders. So here’s the gross margin opportunity for this, this and this. And we’re always doing that for the business in total but there is tremendous opportunity. I always think of the vending machine as an end cap if you want to use a retail analogy. And on the end cap, as our retailer yield lot of choice, but what goes on to that end cap. We have a lot of influence while that goes into the vending machine. We need to exercise that influence and we need to go to our customer everyday with cost savings ideas and this is one of them. We can -- you can do a sharing, a gain sharing components of that and it’s a win-win scenario for our customer, for our business and for our suppliers. And so because it’s a more efficient supply chain, the freight one is another component of that, that we always talk about. And then the third one is being really good on the sourcing side at the store and at the company level on commodity pieces, the branded pieces and challenging ourselves on the exclusive brand pieces. And again that relates to our business everyday and I challenge our product managers and our sourcing folks on that everyday about what we’re stocking in the store, about how we’re sourcing, how we’re expanding our capability to source and how we’re helping our stores do a better job too.
Dan Florness: And that is that Lee has promoted a gentleman to work for, I am working on pricing but he is really working on, he is trying to identify the current systems that are available, software, trends and study the science of pricing and understanding the opportunity of the products we sell into the market. And we’ve always been pretty good at that but we think there is upside. So he is and it’s really -- that is really more focus on larger customers understanding what the needs are. And so I had all these things put together give us some help and at the same time, everyone is pushing you for the other direction. So it’s going to be a tug of war forever. We just hope to win a little more on the rope.
