Willard Oberton: This is Will. I'll answer the second question first, Dave. We plan to push prices up as soon as we can and hopefully capture incremental margin. But we're not seeing a tremendous amount of inflation. If you look at the Asian steel and actually CRU, if you look at the April, May price per ton and you look at the December price per ton, steel was very flat throughout 2010. It has gone up in the first three months of this year. We have to understand, on the fastener side of our business, it's a long cycle. The product we buy, say in October of 2010, we'll be selling in June to October of 2011. We have about six to seven months worth of inventory, and it takes three to four months to get the product so it's a very long cycle. So we have not seen a lot of inflation in either the fasteners -- we've seen a little bit more in the non-fastener business, but we do anticipate inflation coming through, and we're hearing that from our suppliers. One of the reasons, we believe, we've not seen more inflation on the fasteners is the Taiwanese -- mainly Taiwanese but some Chinese factories we're buying from are running at about anywhere between 75% and 85% capacity and they're reluctant to push real hard on pricing because volume is the game for them. Our purchasing manager was just over there in Asia about two or three weeks ago and, in fact, Dan was with them, and that's what they saw when they were there.
Willard Oberton: We're hearing more about price increases from the investment community than we are from the industrial distribution community. We've talked to our guys a lot about it. We're pushing some, and we pushed some of our wholesale prices up, but it's a little bit of a longer cycle. And one of the things that happened in the fastener industry is Heads & Threads, which was the largest middle person. They were the largest distributor in the U.S. They bought from Asia and sold to distributors. They went out of business and this kind of settled the market a little bit right now. We're not sure where it's going. Again, we do anticipate fasteners going up. We're seeing increases as we speak, but we have to push those through to the customers. One big difference between now and 2007 and '08 is, in 2007 and '08, the angle was very clear. It was sharp and it was moving up. If you look at steel over the last year and a half, it's been rolling. It's generally rolling up, but it's going up and going down. It's a little bit harder to peg.
Willard Oberton: This is Will. I think that the vast majority is due to the underlying strength in our end markets and our execution. Historically, we've never really gotten back much from weather because when plants don't open up, they don't make that up. And so, there may be a little bit, but very little, truly driven by, I think, good execution at the field and the strong economy. And we see that with what our competitors are putting up to.
Willard Oberton: And the signs are that we will have pricing. We are paying more for product today. It's just the cycle coming through.
Willard Oberton: This is Will. It really isn't the last two or three months. We've had well above average growth out of our international markets throughout 2010, continuing in 2011. All of the markets that we are in outside the United States are very strong. Canada is above the U.S., not nearly as much as the rest of the markets. Mexico is very strong right now. China, Singapore, U.K. and Eastern Europe are the areas that we're seeing unusually good growth. Our International business as a whole was up. So you have, I think, about 49% -- I knew it was right at 50%, so that group of business grew at 50% or 49% year-over-year. But there is nothing unusual in that and Steven Rucinski, our Executive Vice President who runs that, is investing to maintain growth levels far above Fastenal. I'm not saying 49%, but he believes he can outpace the company by double digit margins for years to come if he continues to invest. If you look back historically at Fastenal, the constraints to investing were finding enough people and having enough cash. Steve doesn't have the cash problem because we can support him, and he has a large population of U.S. citizens that are willing to go and support his business in other areas of the world, so those are two things that he can work -- use to drive his growth for years to come.
Willard Oberton: I think, Adam, if you look at our small stores and how much they're losing, that number continues to drop because of this focus, and part of that focus is the guys that are in the field are saying, you know what, this one's on the bottom of that losing list. Let's make a business decision and move on.
Willard Oberton: Mix matters, but we are not assuming, to be honest with you, I would be surprised if our fasteners ever go above 50% again. This is a long trend that we knew would happen 15 years ago when we started selling other products. This fastener, as a percentage of industrial consumption or Distribution business only represents 8% to 10% of the overall opportunity. So, our 23% target is based on the integrated gross margin between 51% and 53%, and driving our average store size to between 100,000 and 110,000. And if you look at the information that we provide, if you put the pieces together, that will point you in that direction. And if we're able to maintain that margin at the average store size where it is or where I just stated, we will be in that 23% EBIT margin range at that point in history, and we're confident that we can do that.
Willard Oberton: The real strength we're seeing is in the ones that you just stated. But because of the improvement or based on the improvement, we've dug deeper and it looks like there's some other project, but nothing of size. There's just more activity, which lends us to believe that other companies are spending money. We know that some factories are being built. We know there is improvement within factories to make capacity, and we're doing some things within our business we're expanding. We just expanded our IT area and put in a bunch of mechanicals because we had to. There is more of that activity going on. But it's not big projects where they're getting out the bulldozer and putting up 50-story buildings. The real core of our construction strength non-res would first be energy, and a lot of that has to do with power plants and oil refineries. There is still some government spending, which would be typically buildings, courthouses, things like that, colleges, and then the medical industry continues to build -- a lot of it is like smaller clinics in rural -- new facilities. That's been good business for us. But overall, there is more activity and what we're seeing in a small scale is these renovations and things like that for people to pick up capacity. We're still seeing nothing on the -- like in retail, the Targets, the Home Depots, the strip malls, the towers downtown. That's pretty much non-existent from what we're seeing.
Willard Oberton: Our comps really have been consistent since our sequential patterns since the July of 2009, coming off of the bottom. If you look at month-to-month and map it out, there's been tremendous amount of consistency. What we have to do to produce above-average results is on month-to-month improvement, which we've been able to do for three months this year, but there's nine months left.
Willard Oberton: If you look out further into the future, what we did in both Dallas and Indianapolis is, we installed automation that reduced our labor and improved our throughput. We're testing the automation. We're very comfortable with what we did. And in the future, we would foresee putting that automation eventually in most of our distribution centers. But we're not going to install it until we have volume issues because it really only pays for itself if you need the capacity increase and throughput. So what we're doing at this point is, we're looking at all of our distribution centers. We have it kind of mapped out in a time line and where we predict, foresee the greatest sales growth and demand in over the next three to five years, we will be rolling this technology out into most of our distribution centers. Or, I'd say, it's three to seven years. And I'm sure as we go on, we'll find new technologies and new automation that make it even better and give us even a greater return, is what we would foresee because that's been our history.
Willard Oberton: It really isn't. It's not built in. We're going to -- our gross or operating margin is really what I said, average store size and gross margin in the 51% to 53% range. I mean, it sounds simple. It's not. It's hard work, but that's what we're...
Daniel Florness: Well, good morning, Ryan. The mix shift is definitely keeping being both away from fasteners and with a lot of OEM business. Those two mix shifts have been holding our margin in check, quite frankly, for the last 15, 16 months. And it still holds it somewhat in check. The wildcard is, as Will just touched on, some of the inflation and how that plays out as we go into the year. We think there is a potential for some upside and as we cycle through our inventory that's on the shelf and the stuff we ordered last fall. But at the end of the day, you always have to take a step back and appreciate the way we go to market and the way we price our product. We have 2,500 locations out there. We influence those locations, don't get me wrong, by periodic adjustments to our wholesale prices, pushing the group of stores, the group of districts that maybe are performing on the bottom half of the group that is out there -- pushing them to rise to the performance of the remaining group. But at the end of the day, our pricing from day-to-day and from week to week is dictated by those 2,500 store managers and their support group and their local marketplace and their compensation programs, as we have always touched on. And that's why we always cite that 51% to 53% range. We think in a period of inflation, we can be in the upper half of that. In a period of deflation like we saw in 2009, it can dip a little bit.
Daniel Florness: Well, I guess I would phrase it a little differently. I'd say our non-fasteners are growing exceptionally well. Our fasteners are growing very well, and our non-fasteners have grown to close to 52% rather than the other has dropped to 48% because I think it's supportive of the improvements we're seeing right now in our Construction business, the headway that we're making in some of the government business trend up because that tends to have a pretty strong non-fastener balance to it as well. And so it's more of a function of other things that are gaining momentum more than I'd say fasteners slowing down because the fasteners are doing quite well for us.
Daniel Florness: The inventories will continue to grow well below overall sales growth. And actually, if you looked at our inventory per stores, it's close to flat with where it was a year ago. We continued to expand the inventories in our distribution centers to support the growth of the business and the initiatives we have in place, supporting a broader category and good fulfillment as we enter into some of these other arenas such as the manufacturing growth, the government sales growth and the industrial vending.
Daniel Florness: The only thing I would add into support that is, if you look at February and what happened with our business, the weather impacts of February was all centered on the first seven to eight days of the month. I mean, it was that -- think of a Super Bowl week. You saw our business, especially in the Texas markets, what we call Mid South -- Oklahoma, et cetera, that whole areas there were just hammered. And so some of that was able the snap back, but I know there was in month of February just a hole.
Daniel Florness: Well, let's start with the components. If you look at payroll and you think back to what was going on in our business as we emerged from 2009 to 2010, our incentive compensation -- commissions at the store, profit daily bonuses, profit sharing dollars are going to our 401(k). If you look at those things, they really took off in the second quarter of 2010 because that's when our growth really took off because first quarter of 2010, we still had a pretty weak quarter. Our year-over-year sales numbers were very weak. Our performance, again, driven by the economy was weaker. So this is really the fourth quarter of a period where our year-over-year comparisons on the labor side are in the situation we're in. When I look at Q2, Q3, and Q4, I would expect that payroll numbers as a percentage increase over the last year, it will come back dramatically.
Daniel Florness: Lower than sales growth. if I look at the remaining operating expenses, health insurance really peaked up as we got into the summer month of 2009 and the latter half of 2009. That was quite strong in the first half of 2010, but we even started seeing it last year where because the healthcare was getting more normal. Some things that really drove it up for us were, we had a lot of employees that switched from single coverage to family coverage and a lot of those situations where their spouse either lost insurance coverage or lost their job and they came on board, and family coverage is more expensive than single coverage. And part of it is because you're insuring more people, part of it because the population is typically a little bit older and whereas 20-year olds don't incur a lot of healthcare. And so when I look through the balance of the year, I feel very confident about our ability to manage both our payroll cost and that will improve as not only a percentage of sales, but the percent increase, and the remaining expenses will improve as well. You have to keep in mind, in 2010, we also had our settlement with the GSA and that was recorded throughout the 2010 year. That won't reoccur in 2011, so there's a bit of advantage there.
Daniel Florness: I expect those to remain in the 30s as we go through the year. And, again, I believe the bias is positive for us when I look at the gross margin side. When I look at the operating expenses, I believe the bias is positive. And so, I believe in our ability to maintain incremental margin in the 30s is very achievable as we go through the year.
Daniel Florness: If you look at our gross margin from Q4 to Q1, we actually improved our transactional gross margin in from Q4 to Q1 and that was absent any type of meaningful price increase.
Daniel Florness: I can share this much and part of that, we're being a little closed with some of the information, but I can tell you that all those areas you talked about are growing well above what the company is performing and as we've mentioned, one of the things that we're making investments in is the industrial vending. And as we go through 2011, we'll be sharing more of that information.
Daniel Florness: Well, first off, on the construction, I'll be honest with you. Our information is always a bit cryptic because you have so many active accounts out there that make up the number. What I can tell you is, we're seeing nice improvements in the trends, and it's not geographically limited. It's pretty well diverse across the continent. And so it's just you're seeing a pickup in activity. And like we saw when the markets really melted down, that was the last one to slow down because the projects, once they're funded -- you don't stop a building when you have 10-story building, you have two stories left. But you might not start a new one or you might not start a new road project or a bridge. But when the energy starts going into getting that re-lit, again, there's a latency because there's funding constraints, there is permitting constraints, there is construction constraints, once it starts being lit, you see nice improvements, and they tend to be sustainable improvements. And that's really what we're seeing right now. But it's well split across the country. As far as store openings, the 37 was a nice start to the year. It's on pace with the 150 to 200 we talked about. When I look at second quarter, we have a big customer show coming up in May, and so you will see some slippage in the openings probably in April and May because of that because all of our new stores ship out of that facility. We're trying to work around as much as possible, pre-prepping, if that's the correct word, some of the materials so we can maintain our store openings. But we're still confident about our 150 to 200 range for the year. As far as the closings, over the last several years, you've seen some closings. It's typically a case of people doing a nice job everyday of assessing their investments, their locations and where the best investment dollars need to be. In some markets, where we've seen very depressed situations, we've actually consolidated some of our stores. And part of that was on the managing of occupancy side. You had a market where we could easily service -- instead of having three locations, you could easily service the market out of two, you had a lease that was coming due, when you combine those stores. And I think that's always a good move and something that's healthy for a company to do every year. With that said, when I look at those markets, I still believe those markets will support additional stores in the future. I don't think this is a statement about any given markets or stores, it's really a statement about being prudent in the time that still is a weakened financial period, and our districts and regional leadership are making our decisions every day.
Daniel Florness: For us, the opportunity cost that comes from not staying ahead of your customer's needs is -- so periodically, when you run out of product, you have to do what’s called the fill-in buy. That fill-in buy is an extremely expensive proposition for us. In a situation where we have a very strong balance sheet and we have products that have very strong attributes from a gross margin standpoint, and we have a very, very good distribution system, we've been willing to let that inventory grow faster over the last few years. Two years ago, we contracted it quite dramatically as it reacts to the economic slowdown. But what we're really focusing our energy on everyday is, obviously, managing the growth and being smart about it. Buying a little bit of extra product last fall or even in the first quarter of this year, we floored some potential inflation, I think, so it’s a good move as long as you don’t get carried away with it. Then we're working every day to better position where our inventory is, does this belong -- is it better for this group of products to be in a store or in a distribution center to support our customers and their needs. So, I'm sure we'll grow this year, but we're very confident in our ability to continue to improve our inventory turns and our days on hand.
Daniel Florness: Well, if you look at the sequential patterns to our business, it's all about where we are now and where do we think we'll be in June or we think we'll be in September. And when I look at 2010 -- and if you look at that chart we have -- that graph, excuse me, that we have on the Page 3 of our press release, I think it really tells that story that the sequential patterns, it sometimes amazes me how close 2010 mirrored the sequential pattern. And when I look at 2011, we're mirroring to exceeding that pattern. Some of the points where we exceeded the pattern were on the last -- once we get past July of last year, but even that wasn't excessive. And I think we're in a great position to have very nice growth throughout 2011 because of our sequential pattern and the momentum it creates and some other data points, the strong IFM, et cetera.
Daniel Florness: With that, it is 45 minutes past the hour, actually 47. Again, thank you, everybody, for participating in our call this morning, and we look forward to progressing through the balance of the year. Have a good day.
Robert Barry: Okay, and then just a little shift in focus to the growth outlook. I mean, really good performance in the first quarter, up 23% organic. The comps get much tougher as we move through the year. I'm wondering how you're thinking about the top line growth outlook in the context of those much more difficult comps.
Robert Barry: Okay, and then just finally, on the distribution side, can you remind us what initiatives, if any, that are noteworthy or are still to come in terms of the distribution network or was Indianapolis kind of the last big...
Robert Barry: How significant a component is that to the margin growth expectation? I mean, I know it's mostly is focused on...
