Dan Florness: I look at that for the balance of the year and I consider that a number that we’ll continue to produce actually above that level because of, as we get into the later part of the year, the dynamics change quite dramatically on the gross profit side.  And the fact that the top line growth on a year over year basis we believe will continue to improve and those two pieces combined with the position we’re in right now from the standpoint of operating expenses, we’re in a very good spot to manage from I believe puts us in a great position for incremental margin. 
Dan Florness: I’ll just add to that, if you really look across all of our stores, there still is, if you think about the massive changes we’ve made to our distribution model over the last three, four years, with the expansion of Indianapolis, the automation of Indianapolis, the improvement of our trucking lanes and our trucking routes in general, there’s still a fair amount of what I would call redundant inventory scattered across our stores that we have good distribution support on now. And the transaction frequency is low enough and its an inventory item that isn’t a problem-solver. The one thing we’re always very cautious of or very conscious of when we’re looking at what we want in our stores, is the inventory that at the end of the day solves problems for customers because that’s the stuff you need right then and there.  And having a base of inventory in the store that would service, that would get the customer started if they needed it right now, so maybe they need 2,000 of something, we have 800 in the store but we can get the 1,200 in by 6:30 tomorrow morning off the distribution center. We’re being very conscious of balancing that over time. Because the inventory reduction of 2009 really what we did is we eliminated the inventory growth that occurred in 2008 when the economy shut off. 
Dan Florness: One thing to keep in mind when you look at 2009 and the margin decrease, there was some over lying mechanical things going on, with the rebates, the vendor allowances we talked about but when you really look under the hood a lot of our decline did come from 2,300 stores. It came from about 40% of those stores. 
Dan Florness: If you look at it, the gross margin improvement, probably 25% of our store labor cost increase, gets a little difficult to measure sometimes because we’ve also flipped from contraction to growth and there’s a growth component too but the gross margin is the biggest driver. 
Dan Florness: The cash has continued to build nicely both within cash and marketable securities, historically we’ve done limited buybacks, we’ve been doing a little bit more of that the last three, four years, have increased our dividend in a meaningful fashion. We did a supplemental dividend back in 2008 when the economy first slowed down. As I look out to 2010 and we will continue to look at that from the standpoint of do we increase that dividend because our ability to generate both operating cash and free cash is quite substantial and we’ve only improved that over that last couple of years.  But outside of as you know historically our MO has not been one of being [inaudible], and so the excess cash we accumulate over time that we don’t need in the business to fund working capital, historically we’ve returned to our shareholders. 
Dan Florness: Working capital will be a little bit of a drain because of accounts receivable as we go through the year, because you saw that even in the first quarter, we consumed some cash to fund our receivables and that will continue as our seasonality of our business ramps up into second and third quarters. But outside of the accounts receivable standpoint we should be in a good position with our working capital and its ability to throw off cash. 
Dan Florness: Again thank you everybody for participating on our call this morning. Hope you find this call combined with our release informative in understanding the Fastenal business. Have a good day. 
Will Oberton: We look at inflation as about neutral. We haven’t increased our prices really in the last year. A few here and there but overall we have not done a price increase. Going forward in the second quarter we may see some, later in the year will probably play out to more price increases really due to what’s going on with steel. But as our fastener business, a high percentage of that is imported so it’s a slower process that takes us eight to 12 weeks to bring it into inventory. Its slow turning inventory so if you looked at the entire year, the first half very little inflation, and the second half we’ll probably see some positive price increases and historically we’ve done a good job, or been able to pass that through to the customer in the last couple of times when its gone up so we’re comfortable we can do that again. 
Will Oberton: I think we’re going to stay away from April but we’re still comfortable that we can stay on our pattern. April is early is tough to read because Easter came early. Its kind of goofed up but we’re very confident that nothing has changed since the first quarter. 
Will Oberton: You’ve been the one who’s pointed this out to me so painfully, no, our trend over the last eight to nine years has been that we’ve gotten less efficient with our inventory over a long period of time and Dan and I have spent a lot of time with a lot of our leaders talking this through and looking for opportunities and we believe that we can make better use of the inventory we have. Even if we grow the entire year, or spend the entire year without adding inventory, we’re still not at a real hot spot for inventory turns historically speaking.  And so we’re going to work very hard and we’re not going to do it by lowering service to our customers, we’re going to look at all of our inventories, see what we could reduce and how we can just become more efficient. 
Will Oberton: Well you know its almost impossible to measure the relief from competitive pressure because we’re doing thousands of transactions in thousands of locations. But anecdotally you listen to people, you talk to people, and there’s not as much crazy price, we’re not hearing the stories that we heard a year ago about this guys giving it away or these prices are ridiculous.  That has toned down a lot so there’s something to that but its like I said, almost impossible to measure. The initiatives have been about, we’ve done a much better job of dissecting our business and thinking at the transactional level, not looking at a district with 10 stores, and saying, hey your margin is up a point or down a point.  We’re breaking it down to the transaction and saying, why did we do, discount at this level for this type of customer. And about nine months ago Dan tapped a couple of young guys that worked for us for several years, two bright guys, and said, would you like to work for me and do nothing but break this data down and tell us where we’re doing a good job and where we aren’t. And as you can guess we’ve discovered a lot of areas, and we’re very decentralized, you have to understand that our people make prices in the field, some are really good at it, and some aren’t. And so part of this improvement is coming from their hard work just identifying opportunities, identifying prices, or stores, that are selling the same product to the same type of customer for five or ten or 15 points less.  And that’s where a lot of the improvement is coming from. So it’s the combination of a little less pressure from the guy next door, or the competitor, and more good information to drive our middle managers, our district managers, to make better decisions, or train better decision making. 
Will Oberton: Historically when we look at, if we add a dollar of gross margin, by the time everybody that’s paid on that gets paid from our product development to the district to the store, we pay out about 25% of any incremental growth in gross margin in some kind of compensation and so of the 120 basis points we probably paid out roughly 30 bps of that out in increased commissions or bonuses to different people. Because its all about the hierarchy of how the bonuses get paid and this is a great problem to have when it goes up because its great for employees. 
Will Oberton: On the small stores, it was really an initiative. With pathway to profit we had put in more investment in some of these small stores, extra trucks, extra people and in the downturn we didn’t seem to be getting much benefit so in July of last year I went to some of my director parts, Dan included, and we divided up the regions, we each took two or three of them, and just started working with the regional’s on the identifying opportunities in these small stores.  Kind of a game, not in a, it was fun because we had a project, not a game and we really focused on, as you can see we reduced our losses from basically by about 10 percentage points. So we did a really nice job there and we think that’s sustainable and actually we think we’ll improve from there because the first quarter is a little difficult because you have your higher occupancy and lower revenue.  So what it really was, was purely attention. On the larger stores it was reduction in gross margin. If you look at our growth, a lot of its coming from manufacturing, a lot of the manufacturing is large customers that typically run at a slightly lower margin and a lot of that business runs through those bigger stores. So the bigger stores have given up some margin but when you can report 25%, 26% operating profit I’m not as concerned if I give up a half or a point of gross margin when you can still get those kinds of returns. As Bob Kierlin, our founder has always beat into my head for 30 years, Will its not about the gross margins, its about where it comes out on the return.  Or even the pre-tax, its about what we get on return on that business and those businesses are highly profitable and great businesses to own. 
Will Oberton: We’re waiting on that information but from what are the preliminary numbers that I’ve seen, they’re actually tracking slightly ahead of the company and the reason for that is, is that a lot of that is driven by manufacturing. And so they’re ahead, we’re trying to sort out and see as far as the construction and the manufacturing business, they are running ahead of the company numbers, but I don’t have the exact number today. 
Will Oberton: We think there’s a tremendous opportunity not only federal and state but also the local level, the schools, all the cities and things like that, there’s a tremendous amount of spend there and we’ve openly admitted that we were behind in that to some of our competitors.  So what we’ve done is we’ve restructured that internally, we tapped one of our regional vice presidents that actually has a, he was the guy that got us into it 10 or 15 years ago, as a district manager, he opened our first government store, that was John Soderberg, he was running our Seattle region.  He’s going to be moving back to Winona, he’s already taken the role, will be moving back to Winona, and really increasing our efforts, increasing our sales force. What we’ve determined is that we need specialists to really, especially the state level more than anything, to get involved in those and understand the pricing, understand the programs.  And so we’re going to renew our efforts, we’re going to work hard, but the opportunity is tremendous when you look at the percentage of the GDP that’s controlled by some type of government spending. We’re just not getting our share at this point but we believe we’re really well positioned to do that because we have the model where we can ship direct from a warehouse if that’s what the customer or the state wants, or we can ship from a local store and a lot of the smaller entities really prefer the local service. So we have kind of a one-two punch that some of our competitors don’t have. 
Will Oberton: We probably won’t see it flat by Q3 because we had some very big projects that were driving that in the second half of last year, mainly energy, some Bechtel jobs that we’re selling heavily into. We can see it flattening out but our concern is there are a lot of starts and there’s a lot of concern in the commercial real estate business which is really the start of our commercial development. Where we do see some positives, there’s a lot of talk about energy, there’s still a lot of money with a little higher oil prices, there’s a lot of money going into refineries and things like that. But you really get the bump that we need from construction, we need small to medium jobs starting up in communities like Winona and all over the country. The only construction that we’re seeing outside of big energy right now is either healthcare or government. We see hospitals and clinics getting built and that’s very good business for us. We see government like here in Winona, there’s a big new health complex at the university getting built which is good for us, but we’re not seeing the Targets and the Wal-Marts and all these other strip malls that were being built a few years ago.  So it may flatten out, my comments were more based on its just, we don’t see a lot of rebound where we’re going to be growing that business at 20%, 30% in the next two to three quarters, or 10% to 20%.
Will Oberton: I have not heard much about restocking. I’ve talk to a lot of companies, my thought right now or the gut feeling that I have is that there’s not going to be a lot of restocking soon because there’s still uncertainty in our economy. Most of the people I talk to are going to be very slow to rehire people unless its for production, that’s what they’re telling me. We’re not going to add a lot of support and they’re not going to spend any money they don’t have to.  And I think I said this in the third quarter conference call, it was one of the earlier ones, I don’t foresee a lot of restocking at any point because people learn that they can live with less and that’s actually very good for our business if they don’t restock because if you have local inventory, like a Fastenal store, and you can depend on that then you don't need inventory. The less they have the more our value proposition plays well for us and plays well for them. But I really would be surprised to see a lot of manufacturers coming back and putting in big inventories of things that they maybe could live without at this point.  The one thing we are seeing a nice improvement on is a lot more interest in our vending systems because we can control spend and they know exactly what they have but I’m very bullish on vending, it’s a very small part of our business but it just makes complete sense to me where you put a small store, essentially a store of 10 or 20 or 100 items, into a plant, a warehouse, a site, and then they have complete control and it reduces what they need. 
