Daniel Florness: Well, I guess the biggest way to think about it is national accounts, when we started that business 20 years ago, was low single digits as a percent of our business. Today, it’s about 46% of our business, and when I think of national accounts and I add to that other large customer pieces that we don’t classify as national accounts, but large regional accounts, a lot of our government business, when you start adding all those pieces together, you’re probably talking 56%, 57% of our business. Yeah, I don’t know if everybody knows all the facts of life, but I’ve always been a firm believer - 80/20 works in a lot of things, and I really believe that the large account business, the national account business can be 70%, 75%, maybe 80% piece of our business if you broaden the definition a little bit of our business long term. The real question is how do we keep growing that business? Given that we have a structural advantage in the marketplace, we have people close by a lot of these locations. A lot of these locations are not in the major metros - they are in various locations through the States, through the provinces in Canada, around the planet, and so the fact that we can get close to a lot of them and grow it long term, I think is tremendous. I do believe that’s going to be a driver of our growth long term, and vending and onsite are merely another tool to that, growing that business.
Daniel Florness: One thing you have to always keep in perspective, and we’ve touched on this a lot over the last seven or eight years is what we have always coined the pathway to profit, and that is anything that we can do that drives the average--that drives our average store to get a little bit bigger has incredible profit gains built into it, and you can invest some dollars to do that, and the only thing that’s on our list that doesn’t drive that in the ultimate sense is opening 60 or 75 stores, and we know what that costs and that’s a pretty modest cost. So it’s really all the rest of the things are about things we can do to drive the top line, because the deflation--the negatives that we’ve had in our business are already embedded in our business. The negatives that have occurred in 2015, the customer that’s down 10 or 15 or 20 or 30%, that’s already inherent in our business, so the things that we can do to drive market share gains faster, whether that’s national account signings or driving our vending, driving our onsite as a complement to the national account signings, all those are wins that are highly profitable wins and allow us the luxury of investing.
Daniel Florness: The deflation is really about the fastener side of the business, and it’s about 40% of our business. That’s about--we’re seeing about two points of deflation right now in the business.
Daniel Florness: Sure. You know, our inventory turns about twice a year. That’s our overall inventory. Our fasteners turn slower than that, and so the deflation has been a full this year. It’s hurt our top line, it’s hurt our gross margin, but we really haven’t seen much of the benefits through our cost of goods because that inventory was coming on our shelves, and if you think about the pace of our business, if our business is growing faster than we expect, that inventory is turning a little faster. If we’re growing a bit slower, that inventory stretches out a little bit. But that bodes well for us going into 2016. That will be a friend to our business.
Daniel Florness: The pricing out the door is going to depend on what the market is doing in the next 12 months, Dave, more than anything. Is the market stable, is the market improving, is the market weakening? If the market is stable or improving, I think we can do a pretty good job holding onto that, and most of it will be about the new business we’re adding and is there a mix difference going on, than anything else.
Daniel Florness: You know, we’ve never been good at forecasting the future, so we’ve tended to stay away from it. What we are trying to do is talk about what we’re doing to invest and how we’re going to manage through it. We were disappointed by the September number as well. With 10 days left in the month, it was looking to be slightly negative, as we saw, and so it wasn’t a case of strong finish, weak finish, that kind of thing. It was pretty steady throughout the month. It was more pronounced in certain geographic areas, like I talked about. Like I say, I look around the country and I see a lot of positive things, but saw some things that did worsen. So--
Daniel Florness: Business is slow, and I don’t think it’s going to--I don’t see anything externally that’s going to cause it to pick up in the next three months, so Will’s point of we need to make our own luck. We need to look at our business, we need to look at things we’re really good at, things where we have great relationships with customers, and set our priorities accordingly and drive our own growth, make our own luck.
Daniel Florness: You know, I think we’ll manage through it just fine. We know our team on the supply side, managing our transportation areas, they are ready to manage through that piece. They know what we’re expecting as well. When I think of the mix of our business and what are the things that are positive and negative to our fourth quarter and our 2016, I believe we can manage the gross margin through it just fine, so I’m optimistically looking at 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2015 that we’ll manage through it in true Fastenal style, and to be just fine with our gross margin.
Daniel Florness: You know, first off on the capex side, our capex, whether you’re looking at 2015 or 2016 and beyond, there’s never much capex that goes into new stores If you think about a new store, the capex that’s going into it, it’s really centered on computer system, some shelving and a pickup. The rest of it is working capital, primarily inventory obviously. So the investment going into a new store, we’ve dialed that in years ago, so we’re really, really efficient about that. Our capex going into next year is really about what are we doing on the front of vending, what are we doing as far as our distribution centers, and what are we doing as far as our vehicle fleet, because those are really where the dollars are driven, not if we open 75 stores or if we open 25 stores.
Daniel Florness: No, no. I can give a preliminary number on our capex for next year. This year, we’re going to be in kind of that mid-150s neighborhood, between 155 and $158 million, and that’s very much in line with what we talked about earlier in the year. I would expect next year, our capex will drop meaningfully. It will be in that 130 neighborhood, maybe 125.
Daniel Florness: The real driver of that is if you think about our business over the last few years, we had two big drivers of capex. One was we came out a number of years ago and said, you know what? We’ve automated two of our distribution centers. We really like what we’ve seen, and we’re going to do that into the future and we’re going to do it aggressively. So we went from having two distribution centers fully automated, today about 84% of our picks are done through automated DCs, so now what happens is in an Akron, Ohio, for example, where we have a highly automated distribution center, the dollars that go into there today are more about how much of that business is growing, what do we need in distribution capacity to support that growth, but we’re not automating the facility, we’re expanding the facility. So that’s a completely different proposition, so our capex when I think of distribution will drop meaningfully from where it was in each of the last three years. The second one is vending. When we started vending back a number of years ago, we really didn’t know how fast this thing would grow. If you recall in 2012, we started the year saying, jeez, if we could sign X-number--you know, 10,000 machines for the year, we’d consider that a home run, and we hit that number, I believe it was around July 6. The one thing that we wanted to do is we wanted to have our powder dry to support that business, so not only did we invest capital in the machines we were deploying, we invested capital in the machines to be deployed because we didn’t want to outshoot our ability to produce machines.  So we have an inventory of machines that we’ve been working through, and so that puts us in a luxury of now managing our vending equipment to the needs of the business, as opposed to staying well out ahead of it, because we have a better idea of our pace. 
Daniel Florness: You know, we wouldn’t be in the--I mean, let’s face it, right now we’re in kind of an unusual place of incremental margins being north of 35. In our history, you look at a lot of our--over the last decade, 25 to low 30s was a much normal range, and I think in an environment, if you’re investing for the future, to hope for being on that upper end of the range probably isn’t realistic and you move down closer to our operating margin. But the piece you have to keep in the back of your mind is we have a natural lift to our business profit as we add dollars to our individual stores, so if we’re adding--in your example, Ryan, if we’re adding 2 to 3% top line growth and we’re opening 2 to 3% stores, we’re kind of treading water there. But we don’t have some of the mix issues going on that we’ve had going on over the last few years if we’re only doing two or three.
Daniel Florness: Yeah, a couple things. First off, the premise of the question, I would argue that anybody selling into the industrial market is not selling into a non-recessionary environment. We are--
Daniel Florness: The industrial environment is in a recession - I don’t care what anybody says, because nobody knows that market better than we do. You know, we touch 250,000 active customers a month.
Daniel Florness: If I look at our top--you know, last quarter I cited some stats of our top 25 customers. I’ll take a broader brush and I’ll look at our top 100. Right now in the third quarter, 44 of our top 100 customers are negative. We have not lost any business with that group. They are negative in their spend. In some cases, they are negative because their business is very negative and they are somewhat negative with us. In some case, their business is treading water and they decided to tighten their belt. I mean, look at our capex next year - there is going to be suppliers to our capital spend that will have a tighter year in 2016 than they have in 2015, because we’re not automating two, three, four distribution centers in the next 12 months. Of that 44 that were negative, 32 of them were negative more than 10%. Of that 44 that’s negative, 17 of them were negative more than 25%. That’s a sign of a recessionary environment, because despite all that, we continue to add customers at a faster pace than we’ve done in recent years, which is about momentum into the future. We continue to grow our national account business, which is about momentum, but we have existing customers that are struggling through a pretty weak environment in their own business.
Daniel Florness: Yes, I have the number of units in service. I don’t have a copy of the 10-Q in front of me. We’ll be filing on that on Friday, and all the details are in there. But our equivalent number of units in service at the end of the quarter is 40,067, and the actual device count is 53,547.
Daniel Florness: This is a little bit of a stab in the dark. I would suspect if we closed 20 stores, that wouldn’t surprise me, and I don’t have a firm number on that but it wouldn’t surprise me. So a number--you know, a number I’ve had in my head is we’ll probably add 50 net next year.
Daniel Florness: Yes. You know, we hit it really hard in the second quarter, as we talked about on the July call. We pulled the pace back a little bit. Part of it, we’re in discussions right now to up our line nominally to have dollars in place for that and some other pieces that are going on with our business in the next nine to 12 months. But we’ll probably continue at that pace, maybe a little bit higher in the next few quarters. A lot of it is going to depend on where the market values the stock, too.
Daniel Florness: This is Dan speaking. Again, we reiterate - thank you for participating on our call today. Thank you for your continued support of Fastenal. Our investor day in early November, in addition to hosting an investor day, we will be broadcasting that on the web for people to listen to remotely. Thank you and have a good day.
Willard Oberton: Revenues are up 1% because our top 10 dropped. I mean, if you look at where we’ve done a great job in the last three or four years, it’s heavy industry, and that heavy industry has dropped tremendously. Dan mentioned oil and the strong dollar. The other big one is agriculture for us, and mining and, things like that, so the gap between us signing a lot of--you know, more accounts and our national account performance, it’s two different things right now. We’re taking share for the future. The economy picks up, we will be rewarded for that, is what we believe.
Willard Oberton: What we have--you know, over the last couple quarters, we’ve spent a lot of time looking at where we can make the maximum investment and still maintain at least not negative leverage - you know, some positive leverage like we did in this quarter. We’ve done a nice job of that, so we’re going to invest in--we’re going to talk about investing in some inventory for our stores, but we’re going to take that inventory out of our--we’re going to redeploy the inventory from distribution to the front line, and we have a very good plan for that. We talk about vending - we’ve added--we’ve greatly increased our sales force. We’ve found other areas to offset those expenses, and we’ve found ways to pay for those people.  So what we’ve had to do is we’ve had to become very focused, and one of the reasons we have to do that is for the investing public, but the bigger reason is for our employees who get paid off the performance of the business, and so we’re very focused on creating our own luck, but at the same time we’re not going to give away the bank and destroy the quarter. So looking forward, tight expense control, continue to add people at a certain level, and hopefully separate ourselves with additional growth.
Willard Oberton: I think that’s fair. I mean, although a 50% incremental is great, when you only have a couple percentage points of earnings growth, it doesn’t add up in real dollars. Our pathway, and I believe what our true long-term shareholders want, is they want us to grow, and we’re going to work very hard in that growth but be very smart about it. We’re not going to be trying a bunch of crazy things that we don’t--you know, new things, because we don’t have a lot of luxury to do that right now. As both Dan and I laid them out, we’re going to invest in things that are very tried and true with a great team that knows how to execute, and we’re going to have to say no a lot to good ideas that don’t make the top of the list. In doing that, we believe we can be on that balance point, a little bit of incremental earnings growth, but that’s not our major focus. Our major focus is getting some growth back and doing it wisely, and that’s using the things we know very well and keeping our costs low in every investment we make. We’re good at that.
Willard Oberton: No, I’m saying that we’re not planning--personally, I’m not real optimistic when I look at everything going on in the world, and that’s the way the thinking is, is let’s create our own luck. If I’m wrong, I’ll be the happiest guy in the room, but right now when you look at election year, you look at the turmoil in the Middle East, China, and many other parts of the world, weak economy in Europe, there’s nothing that points--it doesn’t like oil is going to come back, and corn is probably low for a long time. There aren’t a lot of strong economic indicators that are going to push us up, but we’re in a huge market. We’re in a market that in the U.S. alone is, who knows, 100 to $150 billion. It’s at least 100, we know that, [indiscernible], so we have to go out and take share. Our problem today isn’t that we aren’t taking share.  Our problem today is that our base business, as Dan said earlier, has shrunk. Our good existing customers are buying less for us, so to grow at 2%, we have to take share at a much faster rate. If the economy just stabilizes and that base of business just stays flat, we’re going to stack business on top and we’re going to separate ourselves from our competitors and the market, and that’s what we’re planning on. Now, if it were to bounce back and we were to do that at the same time, then you’ll see growth like we had--I believe you’ll see growth like we had in 2010, where we were getting the benefit of our existing customers growing at a rapid pace and new business piling on top of that. So those are the two scenarios. My crystal ball tells me it’s probably the one where we take share and add it on top of a more stable base.
Willard Oberton: That’s the way we win, and that’s the way everyone dependent on us - our shareholders and our employees - win, and if the economy just stabilizes, our customer base stabilizes, we have a very good chance of making that happen, we believe.
Willard Oberton: I don’t have that number, but I’m going to throw out one stat that’s impressive. The volume through the machine, sales dollars through the machine grew 16.6% in the quarter just in a very difficult environment. I think I said this to Ryan Merkel recently that that’s about a $600 million business for us growing in high double digits, almost 17%, probably the fastest growing industrial business out there of that size. So we’re doing--seeing very, very good growth, and that’s the reason that as a team, we decided to double down on that growth. Now I think Dan has his numbers here. He’s paging through.
Willard Oberton: And Sam, internally we are more focused on the growth through the machine than any other metric, because that’s what it’s all about. That’s what creates the commission and the profit.
