Dan Florness: I think we -- one of the changes we made, and this was -- if I go back 15 years, we made a decision to split our business into three distinct entities, essentially, the Eastern US, the Western US, and international. And in our national accounts team, we split into three pieces to as we align with those three business units. We did that for about seven years. And around 2014, we saw that national accounts being three distinct entities, it was a little chaotic. And so we rolled that back into one umbrella. When we're going through 2022, we're putting up really good numbers and the economy is rebounding. But when I look at things like what was going on with our Onsite signings, what was going on with our contract acquisition numbers, they were softening and it's not about a person or a thing. It's about sometimes are we aligned to pursue a common goal, or are we too fixated on our individual goals? It seemed like we had so many groups talking about how well they were doing. But somehow if every group is doing well and the organization is slipping, something's wrong with how we're looking at it. And so in the spring of 2023, we realigned everything under one sales leader and realigned the US back into one business unit. And there's disruption when there's change, and it takes time to gain traction. But I think a manifestation of that is the Onsite signings and one month isn't a trend, but they improved. The fact that we're scrambling in the last 45 days, the last 30 days, and I say, we – there's a team that's coordinating our trade show. So it's been extremely busy lining up additional hotel rooms, additional space for an event that's much larger than we anticipated two months ago. That's a function of an engaged sales team and a customer that's engaged with us of understanding how we can help their business. So that's what the 102 means to me and of equal importance, the record sign-up relative to post-COVID world on folks attending our show and learning about how we can help. And I know personally, the visits I've been on, there's some really good traction going on out there, and I feel good about it. We just have to work through the fact that we were taking market share from the standpoint of contract signings at an unacceptably low rate for a period of time. And the time between changing your sales focus, getting traction and that turns into revenue, doesn't happen in a quarter.
Dan Florness: We've been looking at that number internally for a number of years. And in full disclosure, when we first started delineating it, we had to figure out how to do it because it isn't always evident what is an OEM sale, what's an MRO sale. In the early years, the way we did it, OEM sales are not taxable. MRO sales are taxable. So our initial take at estimating what the two pieces were was to look at it in that lens. And that actually proved to be pretty accurate. And then we fine-tuned it and fine-tuned it. I think the biggest change is why Holden is willing to put it in a document because I didn't know he was putting it in this quarter until I read it in the draft of the press. The biggest reason, I think he feels more comfortable talking about it in print rather than talking about it in concept. And other than that, I don't know if there's a message behind it and Holden you might tell me I'm full of it, and he's got a message there.
Dan Florness: Yes. I guess, I would maybe phrase that differently in one regard. We've been investing to grow throughout the cycle. But we had some offsets and we talked about this in the January call, and that was we were closing locations for a decade, and that gave us a little nugget of an offset. As we went through 2023, one nugget of an offset was the fact that in 2022, our earnings grew quite dramatically. And in our incentive comp, which is linked to earnings growth, a big piece of it grew quite dramatically. That softened as we went through 2023 and quite frankly more normalized. And but as we get deeper into that, moving away from the 2022 time frame, some of that benefit isn't there. So I don't know that it's a function of -- and I'm looking at it from a growth standpoint and expense, not an absolute. I think it's probably more of a function. Our investments to grow are shining through a little bit more now than maybe they were in the last six to eight quarters
Dan Florness: Our covenant with our customer is a reliable supply chain, a high-quality supply chain, a cost-effective supply chain. The biggest thing we focus on is diversity of supplier. And historically, we didn't necessarily look at that from a geographic standpoint. We looked at it from a number standpoint. For this commodity, for this fastener for this, whatever it might be, you have multiple sources of supply. So if you have a disruption, you can pivot. The other thing we tried to do is we wanted to be a customer of an meaningful size to our supplier base, such that, if there's a pecking order of supply constraint, we're first in line on that pecking order, because we have -- we've been a reliable customer and we pay with cash. And those two things are powerful things in any environment, but especially a constrained supply environment. One thing we have been doing, and this has been going on for the last four or five years is we have made a conscious effort to continue to diversify our supply base, not just by the number of suppliers, but by the geographies from which we obtain product. That's part of our covenant with our customer. We balance that with cost effectiveness. And because, if you -- it's sitting on the customer and saying, what's the trade-off of what we're willing to spend for supply chain to have that diversity of supply, because there is a trade-off there. Obviously, tariffs can have two impacts. One, it changes the math exercise of the trade-off. It also increases the expense of supply chain. To the extent it increases the cost of the customer supply chain, that will manifest itself in our revenue growing little bit faster because we're pricing that as it's coming through. But our covenant with our customer is to always have an incredibly reliable source of supply, impeccable quality in that supply and a cost-effective supply chain and we balance those every day.
Dan Florness: It's both, but there's a lot of -- one thing that we're able to do with an event like that is that sometimes the attention of decision makers is a challenge in the process and the communication in that group. The nice thing about the customers show is that we get the right audience in attending and that includes on both Fastenal and the customer side. That's not one way or the other. It's also an incredible awareness element from the standpoint of -- sometimes seeing and touching vending machine, seeing an RFID setup, understanding how we go to market, talking to some suppliers, talking to other customers. And we also hold quite a few seminars where we're talking through different pieces. And what we try to convey is the nature of the supply chain you have that comes through Fastenal, why we believe it's special for you. Not why Fastenal’s special, why we believe this channel of supply chain, which happens to be Fastenal is special. And there's deals that get closed as a result of that, but there's a lot of expansion that gets opened up. And for a number of years ago, I was directly involved with our national accounts team. In that several year period, I had more meetings with customers than I probably had had in the previous 15 years. And the one thing that always amazed me is, we would have a customer that's doing $20 million a year with us. And I'd come out of that conversation with the direct knowledge of they could triple or quadruple their business with us if they decided to. And what we need to do is, give them a reason to decide to and because we believe we're the best supply chain partner for -- in that marketplace. And part of it is telling the story and it does a great job. But Dan to directly answer your question, it's a little bit of both
Dan Florness: If I look at the fastener subset, and Holden touched on this in his earnings release because you have to look at where steel is used and it's steel, the copper prices has been very meaningful in our business. One element that as FMIs become a bigger part of the business, you start -- you get new indicators in the business. And I talked about what we're seeing in the vending and what we're seeing on Onsite. Another one is related to our bin stock app. And so that's now about 13%, 14% of our sales, and there's a high concentration of fasteners in there, not exclusive, but a high concentration. There's a lot of OEMs. And so there's -- in our other product lines, there's OEM aspects in there as well. But I don't have apples-and-apples comparison to last March, because we were still transitioning off our legacy bin stock app platform, the MC70 devices. But in April of 2023, we were doing just over 16,000 transactions, orders per day using a mobility device in an Android device scanning bins. The dollars per order was 320,000 orders for the month, so 16,000 a day. Dollars per order were $232. In March of 2024, 11 months later, we did 362,000 orders during the month, so 17,240 some a day, $2.16, so it's down $16 or 7% from a year ago. I would venture to say two-thirds of that is pricing and the other a third is just underlying consumption. And that's an estimate, because we don't have great visibility into it. When we started the quarter, it was kind of in the low 220s and now it's around 216s. I don't know how much Good Friday played into that, maybe a point of it. But there is different pricing going on. So part of the negative in fasteners, as Holden touched on in the press release, is pricing, but it's also a weak demand environment.
Dan Florness: It was pretty consistent all quarter. I think March was the biggest, but I'd have to look back at it. Sometimes, when you have 40 numbers in your head, you lose track of fived.
Dan Florness: The – I mentioned earlier that we split the US into two business units 15 years ago. If we were to share numbers by business unit, you would find out that there's two different stories going on in the business right now. in the Eastern US, and there's no -- it's not a coincidence why Casey Miller stepped into running into the US and why eight years ago, I think it was eight years ago, in the fall of 2095, maybe nine years ago, or 8.5 years, I asked Casey to step out of leading our, what we referred to as, the SEC, our Southeast Central region, which is basically Kentucky and Tennessee. And I asked him to run the entire Eastern US Casey's done a wonderful job. It doesn't mean we agree on everything and we don't, but has once in a while, that's good and healthy. But we asked Casey, Jeff, why don't you ask Casey to run the US business and put the best people in the best roles for us to find success of the organization. Our Western business unit was negative this quarter. Our Eastern business unit was positive this quarter. Our Onsite signings aren't equally split between the Eastern US and the Western US. And that's been true for a number of years. And change is hard from the standpoint. It can get entrenched into a successful business. I remember a number of years ago, and I'll pick on a particular market, and that was Des Moines, Iowa. Great market for us, great people. We have become more obsessed with how profitable we are and our returns in that market than we were about the joy of growth. And we stirred up that pot, and we made a change five years ago and said, "No, we're about growth and expanding the people we partner with as much as we are about making a great return for our shareholders because ultimately, the best answer for our shareholders and our employees is grow the business, grow the opportunity, grow the returns. And I'm pleased to say that we've done that. In fact, I'm tipping my hand on a couple of things I'm going to talk about in the annual meeting. One is some of the trade-offs we've made and some is looking at some discrete markets we're in and what those trade-offs have meant to a mature business who decided, you know what, I'm going to get dressed today a little differently than I have for the last 20 years, I'm going to go out and engage in the marketplace in a fundamentally different way and the people we've been promoting into leadership roles, whether it be branch managers, district managers or Regional Vice Presidents as well as people like Casey Miller. We want people that have more joy in growing the business than in just harvesting the business. And Holden needs to keep us balanced because he just touched his heart when I said that. We want to do both, but it's a growth issue. And sometimes you have to change how you go to market.
Dan Florness: And Nigel, this will be our -- it's five minutes to the hour, so this will be our last question. And Nigel, go ahead.
Dan Florness: Thank you again for joining us on the call today. We'll be having our annual meeting here in a couple of weeks. It's on a Thursday. I believe it's the 25th, but it's a Thursday, and I don't have calendar in front of me. And I'd like to share a trip I did last week, got the opportunity to go out and visit our folks at Holo-Krome out in Connecticut. And Holo-Krome is as an organization we acquired back in 2009, it was in the process of being shut down and that production moving offshore, and we did want to see the loss of a domestic manufacturer of their quality and their status in the United States, so we've acquired it. I was pleased to have the opportunity to go out there and celebrate tenure. There were five individuals, and this is a business with 100-and-some employees. But there were five individuals out there who celebrated 40-plus years with Fastenal. We went up to celebrate that. All told, there were 20-plus people in that organization with more than 25 years of experience, a combination of, obviously, Holo-Krome and Holo-Krome being a partner to joining the Fastenal organization back in 2009, great trip, great people. We keep finding people like that, we'll be successful in this market for years to come. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Holden Lewis: Probably what I might add to that is I think an area where some of the changes are, perhaps, having the most rapid beneficial impact is probably on the contract side of the business. We've seen improvements in sort of the rate of signings on the contract side as well. And bear in mind, when you're talking about national accounts and large customers, those also tend to be the kinds of customers that are signing up Onsites, utilizing more vending machines, right? And so some of the early indications of success we're having in that group, I think, also lend itself to that area. So again, it's uneven. I know Onsite signings can be lumpy. But you just look at a lot of those indications as a sign that the steps that we've taken are beginning to take root.
Holden Lewis: Now as I usually say, we're not playing a three-dimensional chess here with data. We gather the information, we figure we'd provide some information. Now I will tell you that both OEM and MRO tend to move with industrial production directionally the same way. But I think there's certainly.
Holden Lewis: As far as fasteners are concerned. Now I think there's some information that could be in there, right? I mean when you think about Onsites. Onsites are probably more oriented towards OEM fasteners than MRO fasteners. And so there's some information in there about how Onsites are going. It gives you a little bit more granularity and the cyclicality because again, OEM fasteners tend to be -- while the directionality may be the same, the order of magnitude may be different. So it gives you a little bit of color into that as well. So as Dan indicated, we gathered the data anyway. We saw no reason why we shouldn't share it. Question is about to come up on the call, and so you can have it.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And I think really, I think what's changed is the rate of growth, too. I often get asked, where is that delineation point where you can expand margin or contract margin. And I've always said it's kind of around that mid single-digit number. I think we've done a nice job limiting over the last five quarters our SG&A growth to 5% or less in each of them. And at the levels of growth, which were unsatisfactory, but not first quarter 2024 unsatisfactory, we were able to defend the margin. I think part of the point I wanted to make is we're not panicking over the deleverage. We don't have a cost problem. But at the same time, there are some things that we're going to continue to invest in. And when I called out 20% growth in sales travel, I don't know that I regret that, to be honest, because I think that, that is related to the improvements we're having in our contract business, the improvements we're having in our signings, right? And we're not going to react to a 2% growth quarter, which we believe is very temporary by beginning to slash costs. I think that was the message. I think as it relates to the other items that we talked about, the Expo and sort of the opportunities we have with a certain customer group that really is just to make a point that we have opportunities that's going to have a spend a little bit more than we might normally do in a single quarter. And we just felt that we should call that out for you because it does matter as you build your models. But I don't think that -- our approach has always been that we're going to invest in the business, and we continue to do so.
Holden Lewis: Probably the only thing I would add to that is, our execution wasn't as crisp as we might have liked during the first period where there was tariffs. Remember, there's also some ancillary inflation on top of the tariff that was occurring at that time. And we struggled a little bit to sort of capture it all in the moment. I would say that since that, and frankly, because of that period, we made significant investments in the technology that we utilize to understand the environment and communicate internally and externally with sort of the structure of our business and how we kind of manage our pricing and costing processes. And I think that you've seen the effectiveness of those changes through this last few years where there's been very significant inflation and our ability to keep up with it fairly effectively and on time. And so again, I don't know what the future holds on that, but to the extent that there's anything that moves up the cost of product, we think we're better served to execute effectively than we were five years ago during the last period of time.
Holden Lewis: No, I haven't. I think my original comment was that you wouldn't see quite as much mix impact and there maybe some offsets. And so, as we expected to see gross margin down in 2024, it may not be down as much as it has been in historical periods. I think first quarter was representative of that down 20 basis points. And I think that, that narrative still very much holds true. Now, some of the investments that I alluded to, some of those fall in SG&A, some of those falling COGS. And so, I think that there will be perhaps a little bit of a delta in Q2 specifically. I think we sort of addressed that, but by and large, I think that the variables that we anticipated resulting in a, perhaps, more subdued drag on margin in 2024. I still see them very much in place. So, no change to how I feel about gross margin cadence.
Holden Lewis: Make no mistake, Stephen, if we have to talk to you about what the impact of the cost is going to be in the second quarter, we do expect a return on it. It may not all happen at the show, but it's expected to happen shortly thereafter.
Holden Lewis: Yes. If those categories are too broad for you, take that up with the federal government. I'm just going by SIC codes. I don't know what the outliers are. At this point, and honestly, I think it kind of is reflective in the end market chart that we have in the press release. At this stage, pretty much every end market is converging on itself. We're well over a year here of sluggish demand in a market that I think has affected most markets. And so when I talk to the regional leadership and they provide their feedback, there's different times when certain markets are called out because they're either stronger or weaker or what have you. At this point, I'm not getting a lot of end market callouts, which suggests to me that people are kind of feeling a general softness across the board. So, I don't have a lot of market-by-market color to add. I'm not sure there is much.
Holden Lewis: I don't know that I've heard about a lot of appetite. Now a couple of things, I think, that you should recognize. One is I think a lot of people look at the US steel indexes, I would tell you that we're more associated with foreign steel indexes and those have not been particularly volatile, frankly. I think the US ones are behaving in a different fashion than the Taiwanese or Chinese ones. And so we're not necessarily seeing the steel inflation that people keep asking me about. Two, bear in mind that by the time fastener is made and shipped and sold to the mark up through the channel, et cetera, the actual value of the raw material in the final product is probably one-third or slightly less of the total value. So I mean, I know we're selling a slug of steel, but there's a lot of value add wrapped on top of the initial raw material. And so honestly, as long as I've been here, and Dan might be able to speak to prior periods. But as long as I've been here, steel hasn't really been a catalyst to raising or lowering prices. Transportation has been more meaningful. So I don't think that I'm hearing anything. And Dan and I have spoken to different people, different group, and might have a different perspective. I don't think I'm hearing anything that says, we're seeing rampant inflation in raw materials that we need to start thinking about raising prices.
Holden Lewis: It absolutely is. And I would just look at the language to suggest our traditional branch count is likely to be stable to slightly up over time. As we add international, maybe there's the odd location domestically that we want to add every now and again, too. The primary growth in those end markets locations will be because of the addition of additional Onsites. You'll just see the rate of growth ramp up because those Onsites keep coming on and you're not having the reduction in branches. That's what that was intended to get by.
Holden Lewis: Pricing ex fasteners remains positive. And pricing at this point is, frankly, within that kind of 0% to 2% range. And so you can kind of conclude that whatever we're negative on fasteners is being largely offset, maybe a little more than offset with non-fasteners. And at this point, to be honest, the pricing environment is fairly unremarkable, which is why we're not giving it as much time and energy in our dialogue. So that's probably how I would characterize that. And I'm sorry, what was the first part I might have missed? Must have got it.
