Daniel Florness: You're just seeing very, very limited impact. And I expect to see limited impact as we go to the tail end of the year.
Daniel Florness: One thing I'd add to that, Holden, is the question of why are you seeing the impact. I think in May, we talked about this and then in previous calls, we touched on that. But picture yourself from the standpoint of our customer. And you have a Fastenal vending machine or a machine physically in your plant. From the standpoint of the people that are using the product, we're a convenient way to get your usage 24/7. We are -- the Fastenal billboard physically in the plant lends itself to our name just becoming more familiar to everybody, and people think of us as the supplier of choice in that facility. And to the person who's heading up the effort on purchasing or managing the facility, if our solutions come in there and reduce your consumption by 20%, 30%, 40%, the question I'd have as the person who's doing the buying, jeez, can I get more machines here, can I run more products through these kinds of solutions? And so it really puts you in a position to be the supplier of choice for that plant.
Daniel Florness: Well, like I said on previous calls, I really think a number around 30% is a number that's achievable. Does that become more challenging over time? Sure, it does. As your comparison number keeps rising and your comps become more difficult, it becomes more challenging. But in an environment where we're growing north of 20%, in an environment where our gross margins are stable to moderately improving and there's things that can moderately improve over time -- one we touched on earlier was the private label. In that environment, where you're getting good growth, good gross margin and you're effectively managing your operating expenses, which I believe we are doing, that puts you in a position where -- I'm not saying a 30% number is easy. As you see, this quarter, I mean, I was disappointed we didn't hit 30% but 29.3% or 29.4%, whatever the number was, very attractive number nonetheless. I think that's a number we can continue to strive for. Obviously, that's a challenging goal for us, but it's a goal that can be achieved. We just need to manage our -- get good sales growth. Maintain our gross margin, nominally improve it and manage our operating expenses well.
Daniel Florness: Our stated number for the year, the 150 to 200, we've opened 75 in the first 6 months of the year. We talked about on our first quarter call, we've touched on it a little bit in our May conference that we'd anticipate that given the energy that's going into vending and all the other initiatives, that if anything, we’d be on the low end of that range. But if the first -- like I say, if you annualize our first 6 months, we're right at the low end of the range. We'll continue opening stores in the third and fourth quarter. And I think that range is still good, but we're putting a lot of energy into our vending, which is, I think, great for our business and great for our customers.
Daniel Florness: I think when you refer to that, you're talking about our strategic account stores when you say that 3%. There's a little disconnect there, and maybe we could improve the crispness on how we disclose that. When we talk about our national accounts, we talk about our sales initiatives, these are initiatives to raise the tide in all of our stores. They’re things that help our stores grow faster, whether that store is the $150,000 a month store down the street here or -- excuse me, over in the middle of Wisconsin or if it's the $40,000 a month store out on the West Coast. It's things that can help raise the tide and give that store manager and district manager more things in their arsenal for growing their business. When we talk about our strategic account stores, that's just a subset of stores, and the reason we carve those out is we like to show the economics of the store model especially when we started the “pathway to profit” because it really allows us a better means to explain it. But the initiatives are not solely in that strategic account stores. They're across all stores. All we're trying to do in that table is show you a peer [ph] look at here is your $60,000 to $100,000 store. Here's your $100,000 to $150,000 store and what their economics look like. And we carved out both our strategic account stores and our overseas stores. But short of that, a sale is a sale, and it goes through any business unit.
Daniel Florness: The cumulative installed machines at the end of the quarter was just over 4,000 machines. And in the first figure, what we're really trying to do is communicate what's the pace. How many machines are we signing that quarter, and there's always going to be a lag. The machine that we signed up the last week of June, or in June in general, those machines -- what happens after a machine is signed, you sit down with a customer and you go through and you decide what SKUs are going to go into this machine. And we're working every day to shorten that window up and provide our customers with better information. Basically, provide them here's what we think would work for your business. But there's always going to be that lag between the deciding process of what products go in and then actually placing the machines in the plant. But at the end of the quarter, we had just over 4,000 machines. If you look at it, we -- the jump up from Q3 to Q4 and then from Q4 to Q1 and then Q1 to Q2, really is a lag from the signings in the table right above it.
Daniel Florness: I think what helps balance that and one of the things that helped us put up the [indiscernible] sales growth we saw in the second quarter is we just -- there's so many things that are working under the surface. And by working, I mean so many pieces in motion under the surface. Store openings, adding people, adding sales energy, the vending, the government, the cutting tools, the manufacturing. You look at all these pieces -- the international. You have all these pieces. So if you, as Will mentioned, you have an area that's red hot that's just hot. But then, 5 other areas step up to fill the void a little bit and you continue to put up really attractive numbers. So nothing really stands out as a particular geographic area that's unusually strong or unusually weak.
Daniel Florness: There's a lot of things that we do that puts us in a better position and a worse position for things in life. We like to make money on all of our business. Some customers -- some situations you can't make money, and you walk away from it.
Daniel Florness: Actually, our store closings in the first 6 months of this year were identical to our store closings in the first 6 months of last year. I think being willing to look objectively at everything you do and assessing everything you do every day is a healthy thing for a business. And if I look at where we have had closings, it's typically a situation where our district or regional leadership has looked at their opportunities in a market and said, “You know what, I have a great market. It might be a market that I had 3 stores. I went to 4. I have a lease coming due in one of the stores, and I think I could serve the market better with 3 than 4. And in an environment where I have all the things in my arsenal, including vending, that might be a better solution. When I look at cumulatively how many we've closed over a 40-year period, the number is inconsequential.” So I think it's a healthy way to look at your business everyday of saying, what do I do to make my business better in this market, in this district, in this region. And so I don't think it means a lot for our business on a go-forward basis. It just means we'll take a good, healthy assessment of everything we do.
Daniel Florness: With that, we are just past -- 45 minutes past the hour. And so we'd like to conclude the call. And we thank again our shareholders for their continued support in the Fastenal business and our employees for a very good quarter and very good execution. Thank you.
Willard Oberton: Yes, our goal is to add 2,000 incremental per machine from each customer. And not all of that will come through the machine, and that's fine with us. It's just new business. And yes, the numbers are playing out. If you really make -- if you look at that, you have to only look at the customers that have been installed in the last 12 months. And we're above -- ahead of that goal by about 10% to 15% right now. Because the customers then -- we can get 2,000 incremental year-over-year over year. It's a one-time punch.
Willard Oberton: Sam, I didn't say the rest of the year. I said our long-term range of gross margin is 51% to 53%. We've been stating that for a long time. Right now I think our gross margin is pretty stable in that range where we've been operating, which is much more -- right in the center of that, about where we are now, a little 52%, 52.5%, 51.9%. But I always like to make sure everyone understands Dan and I are comfortable pretty much anywhere between 51% and 53% that we're operating our business well. Because we think that at some level, the investment community gets too narrowed down on 5 basis points one way or the other. And when you have 2,500 businesses putting numbers together over a wide range of area and they're doing their own pricing, it's very hard to get it down to the tenth. But right now we're comfortable in this range, which is just above 52%.
Willard Oberton: Yes. It's too early to know that. But really how we're going to measure it is by sales growth. We expect that group of products starting out in the third quarter at some level, but probably not reporting till fourth or first to outgrow the company by a pretty wide margin. And at the same time, we expect out of government the same thing we expect out of vending. If we focus on initiative, invest heavily and don't outgrow the company, then it's probably been a bad investment for us.
Willard Oberton: Well, if you look at our 10-K, the 10-K does have product growth contribution, and so it'll come out automatically in that. And I'm not sure what Dan will do beyond that. But I guess we're always reluctant to put more information because we then have to continue to support it. But we'll do it in the 10-K for sure, and then we'll decide going forward beyond that.
Willard Oberton: I don't think it will affect our rate of employees added. I mean, if it pushed our growth up disproportionate, we'd have to add more. But vending in itself doesn't change that. It is a little more efficient, but it will take greater scale to bring that efficiency out. Other margin things, what we've done is we've taken the expense, the depreciation, the capital expense of vending, put that against our operating expense because we look at it as nothing other than offsite storage. And we want our leadership, our managers and DMs to think of it that way, so if they have a big vending base, they need a smaller store. We don't want incremental expenses out of this, and we believe we have that pretty well understood and positioned within our P&L and our paid programs. It's really a growth driver, and it's a solution for our customers to save money and run their businesses better. And if it truly plays out to be better for our customers, it should give us long-term growth. And that's really what we're focused on. I'm probably the most bullish person on this and maybe in industrial distribution. It's a solution that works. And we continue to hear that from our customers. And the report I mentioned yesterday on the cutting tool initiative was 45% reduction in consumption. That's pretty strong argument that this solution is going to work. That is [ph] just one and we have a stack of those case studies that look just very much the same.
Willard Oberton: It also gives our people a reason that they have to be in that plant on a regular basis, which leads a higher level of familiarity, a little bit of home court advantage.
Willard Oberton: We've also been investing heavily -- intentionally investing heavily in some of these sales initiatives and knew it might affect us a little bit there. But I think the decisions are very -- we really feel comfortable with those decisions, and they're paying off in our sales growth.
Willard Oberton: We have -- basically, most of the machines we signed in the second quarter have not been installed. We have about a 90-day backlog, which is great from a go-forward on sales. But our frustration, mine and Dan's and the other leaders', is let's shorten that up to 50 or 60. Most of that is being held up at the customer’s side with them struggling to make the decision on what do I put in the machine. And we're working hard to give them, to give the customers better tools, give our people better tools. And our goal is to get that down. We'll probably not get it much below 60 days. It just takes a certain amount of time to do the install. Part of it is they have to bring in clean Internet lines outside of their system. And that's always -- in many cases, it takes 8 weeks just to get the Internet lines. Because the customer doesn't want this running through their IT system. They want a fresh line outside of the plant. There are a lot of details that I'm not familiar with, that I don't know exactly how they work. So we have a big backlog installed, and we have great momentum on signings.
Willard Oberton: Yes. Actually, June started out a little soft and I was starting to believe the ISM for a few days there. Actually, I believed in it, but it started off soft. It came in at a very strong finish in June, the strongest finish we've ever had, which has really turned out to be a good month. Geographically, it was pretty even. We don't have any real soft spots. If anything, the eastern half of the United States is a little softer than the west. I think a little bit of that is driven by a little uncertainty in the auto industry or there was some uncertainty there for late May and some of that. Overall, the entire business did well. International did exceptionally well. It grew at about almost 50%. Regionally, there was no one that was doing great. Some of the areas like the Southwest, the oil belt down there has cooled off a little bit. They're still ahead of the company, but in the first quarter, they were well ahead of the company. So that softened up a little bit. Midwest remained strong. And I think a lot of that is being driven by optimism in the ag industry, and a lot of the agricultural business is doing really well with $7 corn. Any other -- I looked at the numbers close. There's really no area that's soft.
Willard Oberton: Yes. In the fasteners, we saw 6, 8 months ago a little bit of price increase. But it's like a rolling hill. It's been moving up and down for the last 12 months. If you look at the CRM [ph] Steel Index, it moves up and then slides down. I spent the last week of April in Asia visiting factories, talking to a lot of people I've known for years about pricing because I was curious. And the Taiwanese and Chinese, they're going -- it's not going to go up a lot. A lot of it is because the demand is ho hum. The demand is good but not great. And they just don't feel they can push price increases. So we look at it as very stable. Chances of it going up are probably greater than going down, but we don't see a lot of movement in either direction.
Willard Oberton: Even on the non-fastener side because oil has been stable. It's been stable at about $100 a barrel, but it's been in a similar range. It hasn't been going up and down a lot outside of the range, and so that's a big component in the plastics and some of the other products we sell. And I think part of it, too, is the industrial economy is good but still not an environment where you can push price increases a lot from the supplier base. Our suppliers are pushing, and we're fighting back, and in most cases, we win more than we lose.
Willard Oberton: It's really impossible for us to tell. And you have to look at it in the scheme of things. We're doing roughly $30 million -- less than $30 million coming from a broad range. It's hard to tell. A little bit from here, a little bit from there. So every customer is buying from someone else. It's no different than opening a store and taking market. We take a little from everyone if we can. And if we win 2 and lose 1, we're going to end up stronger tomorrow.
Willard Oberton: Well, the contracts that we are picking picked up our -- it's the Western States Cooperative Alliance, which is a WSCA state cooperative alliance contract. We bid that, and it doesn't say best pricing everywhere. It's very competitive. Federal governments are usually the ones that dictate that they always get the lowest price. And at this time, we don't have a federal government contract that says that. And we have to be very cautious with that because we have a lot of decentralization within our markets. So we're very aware of the rules. We're not going to pick up any business that would affect our overall pricing strategy because that would be detrimental to the rest of the team.
Willard Oberton: No, we just have to understand what the contracts are. You know what, if it does put us at a disadvantage, we'll walk away from it. Because again we're not going to take on one piece of business even if it was a large piece that affects the other $2 billion or $3 billion that we do. So we're not set up for all business.
Willard Oberton: Yes. And we have to look at the effect on the overall business. You bid something so low, and then you have to reduce the rest of your business. That's bad business. So we're looking at all the opportunities and not all of them have those clauses in them. Many of them don't.
Willard Oberton: No. Normally, when there are weather delays or when you lose weather -- or lose business to weather, you very seldom ever make it up because it just gets pushed further out. If a construction job gets shut down for a week, the whole thing slides back a week. So really didn't see any of that. We did have generally good weather in the second quarter, other than all the tornadoes and the flooding. And that usually balances out. But initially, what happens after a big flood or a tornado is most of the plants shut down because the people are working with their -- sorry, Dan's phone is ringing -- people are working to take care of their parents' houses and other things. So overall, too small to measure if there was an effect.
