Holden Lewis: We continue to assume that we're going to be price cost neutral over the course of the year. If your question is, what is the level of pricing we expected? Bear in mind, that, to some degree, as we move into Q2, but particularly as we get into Q3 and Q4, we're going to begin to comp against much higher pricing from a year-over-year standpoint. And so I think my expectation is that we will still be north of 5% on price in the second quarter, but that you'll begin to see that pricing contribution drop fairly sharply in the Q3 and Q4 period, as our own pricing actions remain fairly stable and runs into last year's tougher comparisons.
Holden Lewis: So Chris, I don't believe the Onsite model necessarily diminishes our cyclicality. I mean we do have a tamp down cyclicality versus any industrial with our MRO exposure and that sort of thing. But I don't think the Onsite does anything in that regard. But the Onsite is a great platform, as Dan indicated, to gain market share whether we're in a period where we're growing or a period where the marketplace is contracting. We can gain market share in either environment, but we'll still maintain a cyclical profile.
Holden Lewis: And one nuance about that, Dave, is we tend to look at it less about the FTE and more about what the total labor dollars that we commit. And when we talk about being more productive with labor, we tend to think about are we driving more gross profit dollars for every dollar of labor that we produce in our business. And that's how we tend to think about it. And to Dan's point, I'm not sure that we have an exact percentage that we would communicate here managed very well by the field. But I think that as an organization, we understand that the growth in our labor dollars on our pathway from where we are today, that $10 billion company and beyond has to come with labor dollars growing at a slower rate than gross profit dollars. And as an organization, I think, pretty uniform in that objective.
Holden Lewis: That is the expectation. And here's how I think the setup plays for the rest of the year. If I think about incentive pay, for instance, in the first quarter, it was up about 60% versus the prior year. Again, that's a great thing to be able to talk about because it reflects the performance of the business. I just don't believe that you're going to see that rate of growth as you move into the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, partly because of the comps from the prior year, where we really begin to ramp in terms of our performance in the back half of last year coming out of the pandemic. And so I wouldn't be surprised if the rate of growth in incentive pay you get those comps is half in Q2 what it was in Q1, for instance. And I think you have very similar dynamics with health care costs and general insurance costs where the drag that they contributed in Q1, I don't think you're going to see anywhere near that same order of magnitude of drag as you get into Q2, Q3, Q4. Travel and supplies, something which really sort of came down as the pandemic settled in, that was up 50% in the first quarter. I think that's going to be up less than 20% in the second quarter. It could be flat in the back half. So I think a lot of the lack of leverage that you saw in the first quarter reflects on some levels, the comparison versus the prior year. And as we go into the balance of this year and second quarter, third quarter, our volumes should be higher just seasonally, I don't think you're going to have the same degree of cost drag in a lot of areas that we experienced in the first quarter. So my expectation is that for the balance of the year, we're going to leverage SG&A. Occupancy, I think, will continue to leverage based on what we're doing on sort of the branch strategies and things of that nature. So yes, my expectation is we leverage SG&A in the balance of the year.
Holden Lewis: I would probably add to that. I mean if you see the growth in our web, for instance, right? I mean you're having better than 50% growth at BDI within that, and that creates certain efficiencies for us when you're seeing that much growth there. The web component is also growing north of 50%, and that's allowing us to address certain types of customers in a much more efficient way for us. So I think you're seeing there also introduces some of that. And then some of doing, right, the LIFT is still a relatively small component, but it's -- we're getting aggressive with it, and we're growing it faster, and we'll continue to do so. That's going to bring efficiencies into the field in terms of how they supply the vending and frankly, the FMI as well over time, right? And so that's going to bring efficiencies to how we use our time. And I would say the things we've talked about with regards to our branches also is trying to bring efficiencies and focus to how we prioritize there. So it's really a combination of the technologies Dan talked about and some of the strategies, all of which are really aimed at what we talked about earlier, which is making sure that our labor productivity goes up over time.
Holden Lewis: Now if memory serves, I think the 50 basis points might have related specifically to mix as opposed to the overall gross margin. But I think the expectation was that gross margin would sort of lean down over the course of the year. I would tend to agree with you that the first quarter was a good start to the year on gross margin. And would it surprise me if that improves the overall annual picture a little bit and pushes us closer to something that's flat for the year? Yes, that wouldn't surprise me. And I want to give some credit because one of the reasons I think that we came out stronger this quarter really does relate to the job the field is doing on freight revenue. Freight revenue in the first quarter is up 37%. And it was at a dollar level that we haven't seen before. And that really allowed us to narrow the losses that we -- that I otherwise expected to see. I mean I expected the losses related to our branch freight to be about $3.5 million higher than they turned out to be. And I think that, that relates to real efforts on the part of the field and the strategies that we put in place to try to improve that freight profile, and I expect it to sort of carry through for the rest of the year. So that's probably the piece that provided more upside relative to my expectations in the first quarter. And the good news is I think that's going to sort of carry through for the rest of the year as well.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And actually, if I could just add one more thing to my prior question, I won't count it against you. I want to make sure that when I think about gross margin being flattish or in that ballpark for the year, make sure you're including the write-down from last year because I'm comparing against that number, including that number, just so we're all on the same page. To your question about fastener margin, yes, we haven't necessarily broken it out by product line in that fashion. What I would tell you is the inflation that exists in fasteners is, is probably twice or more that of what we're seeing in the non-fastener lines. And even though we might be a touch below neutral on the fastener line from a price cost standpoint, in order to achieve that, it's fair to assume that the pricing component would be greater for fasteners than it is for the non-fastener piece. And so, I think there's probably a bit more balance between product and price as it relates to the fastener side of the ledger.
Holden Lewis: The other thing I might add to that is we've also talked in prior quarters about how we tend to get sort of obsessive about growth drivers on site. Those aren't going well, what's that mean for market share, et cetera. And what we've commented before is we meet the customer where they're at. And for the last couple of years, our Onsite signings have been relatively low, but we've been able to gain share through other means because customers are asking us for different things. I think we should all be encouraged by the fact that as the environment does perhaps become a little less chaotic and therefore a little easier for everyone to navigate and maybe that changes the dynamics a little bit. By the same token, we just signed a record number of Onsites. And so, if one element begins to normalize, I think that we're going to have coming up from behind those Onsites growing in the mix at a faster rate, driving market share from our more traditional growth drivers at the same time. So, one might normalize a bit, but I think the other one comes up.
Holden Lewis: Not really. When 92% of your top 100 are growing, there's not many that's not. Even areas, I would say, like oil and gas and areas that have been a little bit sluggish, they're not necessarily where everything else is, but they're doing better. But I think the marketplace is pretty uniformly strong, Jake. It's hard for me to define many areas of significant weakness. And I'm not -- again, we don't have a lot of visibility into the future, but the field still remains pretty optimistic about how things are playing out.
Holden Lewis: Our goal has always been to achieve a 20% to 25% and to expand our margin a little bit from where we are, and that remains our goal. I'll let you model it, however you model it based on what you've heard so far. I think we've given you enough to play with. But we feel good about how the business is performing today. And we'll see how the macro environment plays out the rest of the year, but we feel pretty good about how things are playing out.
Holden Lewis: And when we talked about the supply chain being fairly predictable at this point, there are components to that. What I will say is you are seeing the time it takes to get product from a port in China through to our hubs has actually begun to shorten. However, the time that it takes to sort of put in a PO with a manufacturer overseas and then get it to the port that actually has begun to lengthen. And I suspect that's a little bit of what you're seeing the impact of COVID over there. So, there's a little bit of a difference there. But as Dan indicated, I think the fact that we've been purchasing and floating over so much product over the past six, nine months, and that's now really beginning to hit the hubs nicely, that's going to provide us a fairly decent runway of insulation from some of that.
Dan Florness: When we sign an Onsite, we will have discussions about targets for that facility. And based on the customers' information about their spend, our information about their spend and sometimes you can do some napkin calculations based on how many employees are there, what types of activities, OEM faster demand, et cetera. There isn't a hard and fast rule that says, hey, you need to be at this number. But it's really about -- it's a partnership. And that partnership says, let's work together to grow the footprint. What I often see when I visit Onsite is that I find a very motivated customer to add wallet share to Fastenal because what does an Onsite represent to them? It represents Fastenal putting personnel and inventory into their business to support their business, which frees up their need to add personnel, frees up their need to add working capital. So it's a great program for our customer and it's a way for them to have resources. Resources that we normally would have had working in a branch now are bringing product right to the point of use or doing different things in actively managing and it frees up resources for them. That's ultimately what gives us our footprint. It isn't a contractual obligation that says you must do this or else, same thing with our vending program and our onset program. What we say to the customers, this is what it's about, and we're not going to hold you to a contract. But if you demonstrate that you don't -- six months into it that you really aren't brought into it, we reserve the right to take our ball and go home. And that's what drives the wallet share ultimately of the business.
Dan Florness: I'll add to that. We have relatively low market share. We're always growing. It's just that sometimes it doesn't shine through in the numbers because there's a lot of headwinds.
Dan Florness: I hesitate to throw out a percentage only from the standpoint of what we've seen a tick up in applications. We still are operating quite frankly, with fewer employees than we'd like to see. Even if you look at -- if I was going to peak through the quarter and point out some positives, some negatives, one negative that would jump out is, we didn't implement as many of the Onsites as I'd like to have seen in the first quarter. And I know part of that holdback, sometimes it's just the transition process, but sometimes it's a case of do we have the staffing. And because when we have the individual ready to step into that new Onsite, but we have an individual back in the branch, ready to step into their spot in the branch. And that will -- we add, let's say, we signed and add 100 Onsites a quarter that pulls employees with it. And we need to have -- I said I wasn't going to say percentages. We need to have better than low single-digit percentage growth in that environment when our sales are growing double digit and beyond. And -- but we'll see how that plays out as we move into the second and third quarter.
Dan Florness: Dave, I'll just throw this tidbit in. In prior conversations, you've talked about the shock absorbers in our operating expenses. If you think of what happened a year ago because I talked about some of the amplifying effects earlier that the weather changed and then the inventory write down a year ago. There were two things going on in the first quarter of 2021 that didn't occur in the first quarter of 2022. In the first quarter of 2021, 55% of our branches were growing. By the second quarter, that has expanded to 70%, and it's kind of hung at that 70-ish number in the second, third and fourth quarter. In the first quarter, 75% of our branches and Onsite were growing. That has a massive impact on the incentive comp paid locally to our branch and Onsite employees because we believe it's harder to grow than it is to maintain and there's a premium for growth. So that was part of that 60% expansion in incentive comp that we saw from a year ago. The other thing that happens is we have a big chunk of people that are paid off of incentive -- of earnings growth. Earnings there raw earnings and earnings growth, that $8 million write-down a year ago hammered those programs. But a year later, it amplifies those programs. So when I look at the 60% increase over first quarter last year in the incentive comp, it's amplified by those two hammering events. In fact, from Q1 to Q2, our incentive comp increased 32%. And so that changes the comp picture dramatically. And that was 130 basis points of operating expense decrement Q1 to Q1. Probably got way into the weeds there, but I thought I'd just share a little insight on that.
Dan Florness: A couple of structural changes and Holden alluded to the EB component. And again, that's expanded nicely in our vending our vending offering that subset of business has expanded nicely the exclusive brand component in the last two years as well as our preferred partner component in the last two years. And some of that, we believe, is going to continue to get amplified by things like our LIFT initiative, where we are picking and supporting the product needs for our vending platform out of a handful of facilities and our push to our branch to turn that on is you need to have a more standardized offering in the vending machine to make it work in that type of supply chain. The second one is we talk about the consolidation of branch locations and what it does for occupancy. What we never talk about is the consolidation of locations and what it does for our trucking network. If I'm going out to -- if it's two years ago and there's a bunch of trucks that are leaving that 8, 9, 10 at night, going out and delivering the branches throughout the night. And we're going to 1,800 locations. And two years later, we're going to 1,600 locations, but those 1,600 locations are doing more revenue than the 1,800 did two network. That's more efficient network. And all those things come into play, and they keep -- the mix consciousness in the gut and it affects our gross margin downward. And we have to keep clawing back up these little incremental gains, and we find them in places like that.
Dan Florness: Okay. So we talk a bit about the digital footprint. And so within that digital footprint, we have -- if I went back two years ago, when COVID has started, we probably had around 5%, 6% of our sales where we used -- it's an MC device, but it was gut and stand bins. But we didn't really use that to be more efficient upstream in how we pick the product, how we supported that. Today, that roughly 6% has expanded to about 12% of sales in the March month, that's gone through and I'll call FAST stock. That's our mobile technology on a platform that we have written that interfaces directly with our point-of-sale system and of equal importance with our distribution center network. And so not only are we gathering using technology twice as much of our sales, but we're using that upstream. Where in the past, that half that doubling would have been -- we've been writing on yellow notepad and getting orders and pulling it in. And then those orders transmit earlier in the day. So when they transmit earlier in the day, our distribution center can start picking that product to support them at 10:00 in the morning when they scan the bin, not at 4:00 in the afternoon, they get back to the branch and they doc their MC device and transmit all that. And it allows us to think differently about how we operate, same thing with our FASTBin and FASTVend platform. FASTBin is a relatively new thing, and that's where we put in an environment where you have OEM fasteners and there's a Kanban system. Somebody has to go out and get the bins, somebody asked the bought and figure out what we need for replenishment. What we do today is where we've implemented the Bin technology. When that Bin is empty, the person that emptied it puts the Bin up above the shelf, and there's an RFID chip in it, and there's an RFID reader that's saying, hey, Bin #242 is empty, it's hungry, it needs to be fed. And that transmits right through our point-of-sale system to our distribution center. And that's where LIFT becomes important in the future because we'll support more and more of that, especially with standard product in a highly efficient distribution model, but even if it's done locally, where it's because it's more special for that OEM need, we're gathering the information, the need electronically when it occurs you have fewer surprises, but you also remove the cost of that data collection. And then that information for your customer much more readily and you become a better supply chain partner. And so that as a percentage, when I start adding that up, just the FMI component has grown dramatically from two years ago, and that -- there's no data collection effort going on.
Dan Florness: I don't know if we know the answer to that on the competitive shift, Chris. The reality of it is we've performed well in the last two years because we figured out how to find product and we figured out how to get product. And sometimes that meant spending money that was painful for us. We're a pretty frugal organization. Sometimes that meant spending money to move stuff that was kind of expensive in our way of thinking and heck, even today, the cost of taking a container across the ocean is ridiculous. But that doesn't change that it is what it is. But I think the memories sometimes are short, painful memories often aren't. And a lot of businesses that went through a really ugly period and they found a friend in Fastenal, I think they remember that because again, that's a painful memory. Holden has talked about on prior calls, the number of customers that didn't buy from us before COVID that discovered who Fastenal was because of a pain point they had during COVID. And a lot of that is government and health care centered organizations, but a lot of other businesses, too. But that's a $50 million a quarter business for us now. So it's a $200 million business within Fastenal that didn't exist two years ago. And I don't think supply chain becoming a little bit less chaotic hurts that business. I think that's a customer segment and that it has realized what a lot of our traditional realized for years that Fastenal does a pretty nice job supporting their supply chain needs.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'd add to that is Europe is a relatively small piece of our business. The last few years, that business has been on fire. I mean, growing 40%, 50%, 55%. And right now, that business is growing in single digits because we have customers that are either impacted because of what's going on in Ukraine or they're impacted by -- it might be supply chain disruption, but it's probably linked to what's going on in Ukraine. And so, that's impacted our business there. Just each week, I have about a half dozen conversations with district leaders within Fastenal, where they talk about their business. And in the last week, I had a conversation -- a couple of conversations with folks down in the Carolinas. And one of them was a head of customer that supplies a product that goes into packaging for medical products, where their -- one of their larger customers is in Russia. And that business is in a standstill right now. And so I've heard -- but that's really small anecdotes in the scheme of the business. Your comment about generally a robust environment is spot on.
Dan Florness: Well, I do -- first off, so on the call this morning, one thing I didn't touch on, I did touch on the fact that our leaders in our -- both our sourcing operation and our sales operations in China, they're based in Shanghai, and obviously, they're experiencing a pretty ugly lockdown right now. And I first let them know that we are here to support and really impressed with what you're doing locally. Our team has become -- especially the sourcing side of it, but both sides have become quite agile of operating in a remote fashion. Fortunately, there was enough warning that they were able to set up that ability to do that again. And I feel better about it the fact that we have more inventory on the shelf right now because there will be disruptions from this. There's no question. We're not immune to that nor is anybody else, but sometimes the old adage is possession is nine-tenths of the law. The fact that we have inventory on the shelf or inbound that's at a pretty high level, even though Holden doesn't like the cash flow impact of that, he does like the fact that they're to support our business. And -- but we have a sizable presence in Shanghai, and we're worried about our team.
Dan Florness: We wrote off $8 million of inventory. And our leader of the supply chain team as well as quite a few members of the supply chain team, we're at pains when we wrote that off. And they were quite apologetic about it. And I looked at them and I said, I said, no, here's what we did. We made a conscious decision stock up on product to support our customer needs and our new customers' needs. Even factoring that $8 million write-off in, if I had to do all over, I'd do it in a second. And I believe it will build a better business for us in the future. If we've never had gotten that business in the prior year, and let's just say, we had an 8 million write-off a year ago, but that $8 million write off would have translated into a $200 million business within Fastenal that now exists because we were willing to do that, that didn't exist before. We're not an acquisitive organization, but I would have spent $8 million in a second for $200 million of annual business within Fastenal. Thanks for your time today, everybody. Thank you.
