Dan L. Florness: Well, definitely there was drag in the first two months. But one thing you have to keep in perspective, part of our issue in the first two months was -- in the case of January, we had our largest distribution center shut down for a number of days. State of Indiana, the interstate system was shut down for at least a day and a half, two days, and so our trucks weren't even running. And so -- and because they weren't running, product couldn't get through and sales couldn't occur. But when they are not running, we're also not incurring expenses, operating expenses. Obviously, we still had the payroll to the people, but not the direct operating. So, I wouldn't look at that in the vein you are. I think we saw the leverage that we would expect to see because we're moving. Basically every time the semi goes out, the simplest way I think about it, it has more boxes on it. It has more revenue going through it, and we're better leveraging that fixed cost.
Dan L. Florness: Yeah. I believe that will improve. I know -- if you think about, when it's 10 below zero, and we had a lot of that in the Northern states of the country this year. There's a lot -- we have roughly 5,500, 6,000 pickups scattered across 2,700 locations. Lot of times where a pickup stays running, a lot of times where things -- when it's cold, all of our vehicles you see our miles per gallons drop off because more of the energy is going towards heating and getting cold oil to move than it is about locomotion. And so we'll see some improvements just because of the severity of the weather not being in the numbers and we saw that in March.
Dan L. Florness: If we're getting the sales growth -- right now, the challenge in the first quarter and we all knew this coming in the first quarter, is the challenge now that we've been doing a lot of investing. We also have a pretty ugly gross margin comp to grow over in first quarter. I mean we were down roughly 115 basis points. As we go through 2014, that picture changes. It's still tough in the second quarter and getting great incremental margin in the second quarter is challenging. But with the added sales number, I believe we can see attractive incremental margin as we go into the second quarter, which, to me, means I believe we get into the -- get back to the 20%s. And then it's really in the second half of the year, it's more akin to what we would expect where that number is mid to upper 20%s. With -- and depending on the strength of the increase, the year-over-year basis gain in the gross margin, we'd like that ultimately to be in the 28% to 33% neighborhood. But definitely believe, as we go through the year that will move up nicely. And I believe it will improve in the second quarter.
Dan L. Florness: Yeah. I mean if you think of our book of business and we think of our self as a growth machine. We add selling energy into our stores to go out and sell additional items to existing customers and find new customers every day. But we have a tremendous book of business that's established right now; close to 30% of our business is OEM fasteners. A rising tide is incredibly powerful in what it can do for us.
Dan L. Florness: I think pricing, generally speaking is going to be pretty quiet this year. There's always some movements we'll see on the steel side of the business, on the stainless steel side of the business. But I think generally speaking, it'll be relatively quiet. So much -- if you think of some of the things that are growing our business today, so much of it is about we have a better offering, a better means of delivery. I mean we talk constantly about the vending portion of it, but it's really on the MRO side, it's so much about, I need this, and I'm buying it in nominal amounts.
Dan L. Florness: Okay. Sorry, I was talking more -- I was talking generically more about the steel has, over time -- steel and stainless steel has over time some deflation and inflationary periods. Right now, everything is pretty quiet.
Dan L. Florness: I believe it's around 47%. It's just under 50%, I know that, Sam. But I don't have the exact number right in front of me, I'm sorry.
Dan L. Florness: Well, as we go -- right now, we're in that mode of adding around 15%, 16% FTE in an environment where our topline is growing in the 8% to 9%. As Will touched on, our goal is to get us into -- start moving us into the teens, low-teens, potentially -- 
Dan L. Florness: …as we get into the year. And so we're investing at a 15% clip with belief that we will move above that number as we go into later in the year, so third and fourth quarter.
Dan L. Florness: One thing you have to keep in perspective, Holden, is -- my way of thinking of our fasteners, about two-thirds of our fasteners are more production-centered. And additional selling activity, in a three or a six-month period, doesn't necessarily change that gob of business because you just can't influence enough. It's too long cycle. You can't influence it enough in the short-term. The MRO piece of our business, on the other hand, is like the non-fasteners in that it's MRO and selling activity can improve that. That business did improve in the first quarter. I don't have the stats in front of me for that subset of the business. But the MRO side of our fastener business did improve which to me, lines up perfectly with the added selling energy in the store.
Dan L. Florness: I think it's a little bit of each, but keep in mind that the $2,000 number that we have out there is a commitment on total business with that customer. We're doing quite nicely in that regard. The second piece of it -- we also look at it every day from the standpoint of -- this customer, their business went from $10,000 to $12,500, so we went up $2,500. They have completely met their commitment to us of increasing their business. But we might look at the vending machine and we say, but the vending machine is only doing $1,000 or $1,100 or $1,300 or $800 and we challenge ourselves, internally, to understand -- that machine, we believe, can do more revenue. And when we have a machine out there doing $800, are we providing the best service to our customer? Because, if there's a bunch of coils in that machine that aren't turning, the machine brings tremendous usage, both point-of-use access availability, so it's closer to where the employee is working, and it lowers consumption. But if we have a bunch of coils in the machine that aren't turning because we don't have the right product in there, we're not providing the greatest value to our customer. And I'd love to be in a position where we add $400 to that machine because we're providing more value. By the way, our sales just went to $2,900 of growth rather than $2,500. But as far as getting the growth, we're getting the growth from the customer.
Dan L. Florness: Yes. And I think there's things in life that are we and you -- I mean the market needs to help, or we need to do this. It's there. Again, the really challenging part, as we look at 2014 in general, is the fact that 2013 is kind of like two distinctly different years, from the standpoint of what our fastener business was doing and what our margin was doing. And so, as those comp changes, as we go through the year, it just makes it easier. But I'm feeling -- I like what I see when I look at 2014 for Fastenal's opportunities.
Dan L. Florness: Your other question about insurance, if you look at our insurance numbers, and I assume you're pulling numbers out of the K, there's really two drivers of that, two components. One is health insurance, and that's the majority of our dollars. I don't have it in front of me, but I'd suspect its 75% to 80% of our dollars, and the rest is general insurance. I think if you look at 2013, the commentary on the delta from 2012 to 2013 is more of a statement about 2012 than it is about 2013, as far as what it means going into 2014. Obviously, we saw some -- our nation is seeing some, let's just say, turmoil, in the health insurance side of the arena. And we've seen sizable growth in there. Being a large employer, there's a lot of tax components that were added to our expense pool, added to our employees' costs over the last several years and 2013 got a full dose of that. I think the delta from 2013 to 2014 will be a little bit more muted, partly because it's maybe a little bit quieter, not a lot quieter, but a little bit, and partly because of the manner in which we're adding headcount right now, primarily through the part-time arena. As it relates to the other side of the insurance, the general, the only thing -- the biggest component for us on that over time is the workers' comp and the fact that we have 6,000 vehicles on the road. They are backing in to a lot of loading docks by a bunch of 20- to 30-year olds. And so, we get a lot of minor fender benders. And if we do a good job managing that over time, we can manage that expense quite well. The workers' comp, actually, some of our distribution automation over the last several years is actually improving that trend.
Dan L. Florness: Thanks. Similar to prior quarters, again, we thank the folks attending this call, our employees, our shareholders and the analyst community for your continued interest in Fastenal. And our annual meeting is coming up here in week and a half. We invite those of you that are able to attend to attend. And in case you might have missed it, last night, we announced our second quarter dividend of $0.25. That will be payable during the quarter. With that, everybody have a good day and a good weekend. Thank you.
Will D. Oberton: What we're really saying, Dave, is that, if we can afford it, continue to increase our incremental margin, as Dan said, up into the upper 20%s, maybe low 30%s. Take the rest of the earnings and put it into sales drivers. And if our stores become more efficient, we would expect higher growth rates than we historically have gotten because there's more energy our selling and less energy packaging orders.
Will D. Oberton: Dave, we think the days ahead of us are as good as -- or better than, the ones behind us. When you look at the overall market and you look at our share of the market being -- who knows exactly what it is, but it's no more than 3%, even 4% if you really go crazy on it and say it's only $80 billion or so. So, we're a very small player in a large market. We know that many of our stores can be three or four, five times bigger than they are based on their current size, so there's a tremendous amount of opportunity. We have some of the -- we have the best service in the industry we believe. We have some of the best systems with our vending, with our distribution, with our FASTCO Trading Company. We have the ability to buy well, move it efficiently, and deliver it on time, almost every time. And -- so, we're very focused on the future. Can we grow the business at 20% every year, year-over-year? I mean, the future will tell us that time; time will tell us, but we're going to invest to that level as long as we can afford to. We know that the profitability will go up. Even if the gross margin goes down some, if you look at our bigger stores, their average gross margin is lower, but their operating margins are much higher. So, we're not super focused on the gross margin -- we're focused on it, don't get me wrong, but that's not the real measure. The measure is way further down on the sheet, the operating margins and the return on capital. So, we believe the company will continue to grow well above inflation or GDP. We believe the business will continue to grow above most of our competitors, if not all of the large competitors hopefully, and we believe that the profitability will continue to improve year-over-year. And as I said earlier, sometimes you take a step back to get two steps ahead and sometimes that is caused because we make some bad decisions, like pulling back on labor too much as we did in the past. But overall, the future, we believe is very, very good. A couple things that are going in the direction of us and our large competitors -- more and more of the industry is getting bought up by bigger companies, the Danahers and all those companies, the GEs of the world. And what they want to do is they want to buy from fewer suppliers. At the same time, there are fewer big brands. The Stanleys are buying the DeWalts, and so on, and they want to sell to big distributors because it's easier and more profitable. So, the larger distributors, not just Fastenal, we all have an advantage in that situation and we think that we can leverage that advantage.
Will D. Oberton: As far as diversifying, the second half of your question, we're comfortable with being tied to the assembly line. We like the MRO business, don't get me wrong, but there's a tremendous amount of opportunity, so we're happy playing in both of those markets. As far as M&A, going forward, it's not that we don't want to do it. In the past, we have never had to do it. So, it's really about what the greatest opportunity is. If the right opportunity came along, or if we found a company that would allow us to go into a new market, we're open to that. So, it's really about understanding where we want to go and understanding what is the fastest and the most accretive way to get there.
Will D. Oberton: But again, I have to make clear, if you look at our labor cost, it didn't go up even close to 15%. We're adding in part-time hourly labor, and it's not -- to correct an earlier question, it's not 15% heads, it's 15% more hours.
Will D. Oberton: FTE. And so we're adding at a lower cost. We're managing it very well and so I'm actually very pleased with what the teams been able to do to get the labor in there without hurting expenses.
Will D. Oberton: And your question, yes, we're getting more, and that's why our growth just keeps moving up over the last three quarters through those customers.
Will D. Oberton: It's company-specific. What I'm saying is that we work -- Lee's team worked very hard developing the goals, trying to understand the sequential patterns and if we stick with those, we're going to end up just over 13%. It uses a lot of looking at our historical sequential patterns and actually, being just above those, as we go forward, or exceeding those -- not a big above -- not well above, excuse me. And that's really what it's looking at. And that aside, our assumption in the economy is that it will get ever slightly better as we go through the year. We think it's going to improve a little bit. The anecdotal stuff and as I've said, I've been out to see a lot of customers over the last three months. And generally speaking, there's some positive feeling with the customers about things going on later in the year. So, that's making us feel a little better about the business and how we're going to end, or go throughout the year -- stuttering, I apologize.
Will D. Oberton: I think one other part that gave us some confidence in February is that when we looked at our February results, the areas of the company that hadn't been hit -- south of the Mason-Dixon, basically, because the weather on the north hit us all the way from Seattle to Boston. It covered the country. But the south was pretty clean. And with only one exception, every region in the southern part of the United States hit their goal, and across the south, Fastenal exceeded their goal. So, we had confidence that our selling energy was working. And then March just brought -- proved that out when the weather cleared up, the regions in the north hit goal, so they came back. So, it was very clear on a map to see what was going on and that let us look. As far as Easter itself, we gain a couple million dollars by Good Friday being out of there. It always changes, depending on where it falls in the month. It's a really difficult thing to measure exactly. If Easter falls early, it's easy, and so it's trying to figure that out. 
Will D. Oberton: I don't know if I would say we have cracked the code, but we have made tremendous improvement. We understand the mix. Our throughput through the machines continues to grow, and we believe we're going to see improved signings. But back to the 2012 numbers, it will roughly take us a long time, if ever, that we get back to those types of signings. When we talk about it internally, we say if we had 15,000 quality signings a year, that would give us tremendous growth through our business and we would take share at a rate that no one else is doing. So right now, without just having a specific goal, we're pretty comfortable where we were in the first quarter with our signings, because with a little improvement, we'll get to the 15,000 quality signings and then we'll grow from there. And we'll be able to manage it. It will not overwhelm the stores. They will be able to manage that and still go out and grow their other business, their construction, their MRO and all the other things they are doing. And the message that Lee is doing a great job putting out to the team is, it's about profitable growth. But to maintain that profitable growth, you probably need to add some new customers, you need to add some vending and you need to do some other -- use some other initiatives that we have. If the managers understand that and focus on that, I think we'll continue to hit goal and grow our business profitably. Vending will be a pretty big component of that. And we just continue to get better -- our packaging, our costs. I was looking at some product lines that are predominantly vending product lines in the reports, quarterly reports and there's just tremendous growth in so many of those. A lot of them are personal safety things, like gloves, dust masks, things like that, that fit so well into that system.
