Willard D. Oberton: I'll take the first question, and I'll give the second one to Dan. The anecdotal stuff is what all of our regional vice presidents are in town this week for meetings, and I was talking to them over dinner last night. It sounds like some of the larger consumer products companies are saying, "Pull back just a little bit." The heavy metal guy, people producing more of the metal parts, they haven't heard much of that. So I think the consumer goods probably are not going to pick up much. But overall, the tone was positive with the group, and I spent several hours with them. But there are -- yes, this one backing off a little bit. Our sales are down 8% or 10% from last year on this one. So there's caution in the tone.
Willard D. Oberton: I'd say because we haven't added a lot of stores, we could drop it well below that just through our payroll system because of the bonuses very quickly. I mean, if things really hit the wall.
Willard D. Oberton: We really don't have any good data for year 2. Year 2 we do, but not year 3 because we only had a handful of machines out there. Yes, the customers that are in their second full year of vending, and I have to qualify this, this is information from second quarter because I haven't looked at this for the third quarter data, just had a lot going on. Those customers were growing at about 30% versus the 50%. The customers that are in their first year are growing at 70%, that's the 30 plus the 50 balances out to the -- plus 70% balances out to it. So yes, the growth slows, but the growth is still greater than the company average with that group, and these are larger customers. So it's still...
Willard D. Oberton: Still exceptional growth for that group of customers. And again, it's all about taking a bigger share of their wallet because we have very few customers that we have the majority of their wallet that are sizable customers. The small ones, that's different.
Willard D. Oberton: We haven't seen a lot there. It's been kind of a roller coaster year with small bumps, meaning we hear that it's going to go up. No, we don't see much. There is -- one of our largest fastener suppliers out of Taiwan was here this week, and I just spent some time talking to them. And there's just not much going on, and I think it has more to do with slower, somewhat of a slower economy than anything else. Especially the Taiwanese are very concerned about capacity. They want to run this machine wide open. So they're willing to take a little hit even if steel's up to keep the machines running. That's a historical pattern, and so we haven't seen much. A little bit here and there, but it's probably pretty easy, pretty soft year, flat year.
Willard D. Oberton: No, it's not. Actually the -- when we match up by customer size, we match up -- what I really do is I look at the customer last year and this year and even with the growth, the margin in most cases hasn't moved much. I mean, if there were a low-margin customer, we might be up or we might be down, but the trend is basically the customer margin changes very little when we add vending. The sales just go up. And it really, I think, has to do more with the pricing habits of our stores. So the store looks at this customer -- in many cases, they were a customer in the past. So the store looks at the customer and they were a 40% margin customer. When they've bid the vending product, they're probably bidding it in that range because it's just incremental business for the store. So it's actually very consistent. I've spent some time looking at that. I wish it was higher, but it's not. Now the opportunity we have is as we put in more Fastenal exclusive brands in those machines, we will see a margin improvement. But in many cases, we start out with a lot of branded product because that's what they were using. And then over time we plan to convert that.
Willard D. Oberton: And we pushed that forward because our Midwest region is showing very good sales growth this year, and they're pushed to the wall. So we moved that up a few months, try to beat the winter, which we're not going to do.
Willard D. Oberton: Geographically, the oil pact remains strong, but that's been strong all year long. If there's one area of the country that we're doing better, it would be Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana.
Willard D. Oberton: Actually, that's been coming in very strong from the field is that we're getting calls and opportunities from customers because they want this solution. Large companies and again, talking to our regional vice presidents this week at meetings, the thing that I ask our regionals every time I talk to them is say, is this solution as good as I believe. What I tell them is I don't want to be the crazy guy running around with the flag and everyone's laughing at me. And they're saying the solution is better than I believed because of that reason, Ryan, because it's getting us in doors we would have otherwise not had a chance to go in, and we're signing up new customers every day because of that, because we really do have a better solution from a cost standpoint. There's some other good solutions out there, but the machines themselves and the systems are far more expensive, and the fact that we built the machine behind the machine, all these install people, all these technical people, we inherently have a more value-oriented system to deliver products than most of our competitors at this time.
Willard D. Oberton: On the transportation and product movement, we've done a very nice job of that in the face of higher diesel prices. Now that diesel and gasoline prices are coming down over the last 4 to 6 weeks, going forward, we think we'll be in a good position in product movement. We're actually launching some new initiatives kind of stirring the pot, believing we can do better on transportation, turn it into a meaningful profit center over the next 2 years, and you'll hear more about that because that's kind of my pet. So we have some good initiatives going there. A couple of other things to note as far as how do you pull expenses back, maybe just not grow them as fast. If you look at 2012 or '11, we built the machine behind the machine, the vending group, which is well over 150 people. That group was in place, and we believe that they can do well over 1,000 machines both sell and install at their current level, so we have some built-in headroom per month -- excuse me, yes. Government sales, we put that in place this year. We're really not seeing the benefits yet. We have nice growth but not big dollars. Our metalworking team, we spent a lot of money there putting these people in and training them. And our district managers and regional vice presidents, we won't be adding many because of the lower store counts. So if you look at this group, these are higher paid individuals. And also in that group, you'd put our National Accounts group. We've over-invested in the last 12 months in all of these groups. The real benefits will come in 2012, and we don't -- we'll continue to invest but not at even close to the level that we did in 2011, and we should really see the benefits of that and drive our incremental profits.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, right now, there isn't a tremendous amount of pricing out there. And historically, we've been pretty steady there unless there's a large upswing where we can get some timing. The opportunity there will be somewhat limited, I believe, because the economy's slow and everybody's a little reluctant to push it. Normally, where you see good pricing is when things are robust, and we're all confident. Our sales people, because we're decentralized, are going to be somewhat reluctant to go out and push price increase if their cost doesn't go up to their bigger customers. And you know what, we're okay with that because we want to keep that business.
Willard D. Oberton: Change. The most common problem in the stake we make is calling on the wrong individual. If we call on the purchasing agent, our success rate is relatively low because it's a big change in their environment. It changes their day. If we call on a CFO or plant manager or CEO, our results are much better because really it's new, and it changes the thing -- the way they do their day. But the very positive is the customers that have it, it's like 99-some percent of these customers are saying fantastic, and they're adding more machines. Change is a difficult thing, and I continued to remind our regionals yesterday that is just pure hard work to get these things in there, but once we have them, it's very efficient business. And to that point, we're developing new and better software for the machines we have that will greatly reduce the workload at our stores as we implement this to fulfill the machines and get the product out there. It's going to be an extremely efficient business to support. It's already efficient, but it's going to become much more efficient going forward.
Willard D. Oberton: We really can't break that down. But the reality of how it works is the way we get the stores opened is by keeping the volume loud because you have to understand our district managers and regional managers are never crazy about it because they open a business that doesn't add a lot of revenue initially and loses them money. That's why we've set it up.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, personally, bonus. So we keep the volume high and we open the stores. As vending started picking up, I started changing my message, not saying don't open stores, but really put the pressure on vending. Little back off there and people came back, maybe we don't have to open this one. So it's really about how much effort, how much energy an individual has at the district or regional level. But there's no way for us to quantify 10 openings were because of economic and 20 were because of vending. It just doesn't break out that way in our business. It's all lumped in.
Willard D. Oberton: On the vending, the percentage of revenue going through vending machines, we're not sure. But of the customers that we sell to that have the systems, I would predict that within the next year, or say 2 years, it'll be north of 60%.60% to 70% of our customers will have some kind of automated solution, then maybe only 20% of their business will go through that machine. We're really not too concerned about that, whether they vend it or whether we deliver it. We're just concerned that they buy from us.
Willard D. Oberton: It's revenue, so we're not going to pick it apart. What was the second half of your question? I apologize.
Willard D. Oberton: On the metalworking, we don't disclose numbers. Our goal is to grow the business disproportionate to our other revenue next year, and we'll start reporting that as it comes through. What we really spent 2011 doing, building the team, getting the inventory and getting the suppliers lined up and then the inventory lined up, in that order. And now we're out there hitting it. Now we're working hard to get our store people to start taking the training. And then over in just the month of September, we had our store people take 2,000 1-hour classes online. Just got that report yesterday. So that's nice forward motion. I mean, a bunch of people are out there learning about this product. On the National Accounts, we continue to sign accounts at a very nice rate, and a lot of that has to do with the vending, and that's what we hear from our National Accounts people, that we're getting continued opportunities. So we have very good momentum with National Accounts, and we will continue to invest in additional resources, i.e. people for the National Accounts team in 2012 because the ones that we've given them have given us above average returns.
Willard D. Oberton: I looked at the report that shows last year's sales. And if I were to have to -- it shows the 2 columns, this year's sales and last year's. The ones with 0s are probably only about 10%, no more than 15%. But that isn't really a fair representation because many of them were buying from us but in a very small way. So they went from being a $2,000-a-month customer to a $10,000. So we were a spot-buy third choice for them, and we became maybe a second or -- first or second. The majority of the customers were buying from us a year ago, and then we just ramped this up. But with larger customers, that's not uncommon where we'll sell to a customer for years but never get any real spend from them, meaningful spend.
Willard D. Oberton: No, we haven't. The manufacturer of the machines, we worked well with them, and that's part of what Dan said about front-loading the CapEx. We have not wanted to get behind. We put these build centers in all of our distribution centers. We trained our technicians, and we overstaffed those groups because the guy who runs it for us, Russ Rubie, a great Fastenal employee. I said, "Russ, we need to be in a position from both phone support and installations to do at least 1,000 machines a month. " Build the machines, size it that way, build your team and size it that way and they're kind of standing ready saying, "We're ready to go. " So the only delay in installing the machines is we need to become better at figuring out what goes in each machine, and we continue to work on ways. But the customers want to be very involved, and many of them are slow. It always takes a little longer than we think. In cases where the customer is just ready to go, many times we'll get an order and they'll be in place in 2 weeks because our guys can get them in if we can get the data set up or the information about what we're going to set in, put in the machines.
Daniel L. Florness: Holden, on the second part, just looking at our third quarter operating expense increase, so it was at about 15.7%. So you could break that leverage point down to 15% really fast, and with some energy, get it down closer to 12% or 13%.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, if you think about where our CapEx dollars are centered this year, they're really centered on the vending equipment, and unlike a lot of our CapEx in most years, a lot of our CapEx centers on construction. We're expanding a distribution center. We're adding on to a distribution center. We're doing things like that, and even with store additions. Those tend to be maybe back-end loaded from the standpoint of -- they really don't get going as fast in the spring until the frost is out and then those type of projects take off and they push into the November time frame, maybe over December depending on exactly where we are. Whereas our vending dollars, that was much more first 3 quarters loaded. So I think we cited $95 million, $100 million in our annual report as far as our CapEx for the year. That was going to be more front-end loaded than our traditional year.
Daniel L. Florness: We're going to be in that $95 million to $105 million number, I suspect. One item that we're doing that I probably didn't have as much dollars planned on for this year just because we're running a little ahead of schedule, so we're doing a meaningful expansion of our distribution center here in Winona. We're adding a mini-load system, an ASRS-type system that we've done in Dallas and Indianapolis in the past, and they're actually doing groundwork on that right now.
Daniel L. Florness: Month played out well. We saw it was going to be solid month with a week or 2 weeks left in the month. So the month played out well, pleased with the trend pattern. End market, I don't think anything jumps out. With one exception, I continue to be pleased with what we're seeing in our Manufacturing number. Just from the standpoint of -- we're all sometimes guilty of reading the newspapers too much or reading stuff too much and letting that change your view of the world or life. And the ISM, we didn't make a big deal of it back in May and June when it split [ph], but we also noticed it. And to see that we're able to grow our Manufacturing despite, us again, it's still north of 50%. And I think people got a little accustomed to that 60% number, which really wasn't sustainable. But pleased what we're seeing in the end markets. Geographically, I guess, nothing jumps out outside the norm.
Daniel L. Florness: The other thing I would just add to that, I think some of the calls we're getting and some of the energy we're seeing from the customer inquiry side is coming from the fact that we have a lot of machines out on the road. We have our trucks that are out on the road that are demonstrating the equipment. There's been a number of articles written in recent months about our vending solution, both in local newspapers as well as some national newspapers. And one comment I'd make for the analysts listening to this call, on your next report, put a nice big bold headline about how much vending solutions save manufacturers in North America. And if you need a copy of a flyer, we'd be happy to send you some.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I'll kind of go -- as far as the steps, in addition to the moderating the store openings, I think if you look at kind of where we were trending and where we came out, I can't take a number right off the cuff, but I know we have fewer employees at the store level today. And fewer employees than the organization in general because of the moderating ISM. We're very decentralized, and we try to share a lot of information with our regional and district leaders about what we're seeing. And with the moderating ISM, our folks pay attention. They're smart business people. They know not to get ahead of themselves. And so we're working diligently to have staffing where we need it. We don't want to hamper our growth. On the flip side, you'd be careful not to get ahead of yourself on certain things when there's uncertainty when you look out the next 6 to 12 months. As far as some of the other expenses, if I look at occupancy, about 1 point, I think it's 1.3% of our -- we grew at about 8.5%.1.3 points of that came just from vending. And one thing that did pop our occupancy up a little bit more than I would have expected is energy prices are meaningfully higher than they were a year ago. And I don't know how it was nationwide, but we had some warm weather here in the third quarter, so we're probably doing a little more cooling than we normally had. But still, look at our occupancy in general, we still have legs on that. When I look out to 2012, we typically will have 600 to 700 leases up for renewal in a given year, and one thing that you still have is there's still empty spaces out there. And there's also willingness on the part of the real estate community, if you will. I mean, if you look at the value of money and borrowing cost or incremental borrowing costs, the need for a 10% return on real estate that you might have seen 5 years ago, people are willing to take a lower return, a, to keep the building occupied, and b, because their costs have gone down in many cases, or the ultimate use of that cash, probably a better way to say it, isn't as attractive as it might have been 4 or 5 years ago.
Daniel L. Florness: If you recall earlier, we touched on the non-sales FTE growth.90% of our growth since 2007 occurred in the last 12 months.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, probably the biggest short term one is -- we've talked about in the last several calls some of the things we're doing to build our momentum with exclusive brands. And that takes a while to get that inertia going because it's a huge undertaking. Currently, between 6.5% and 7% of our sales are exclusive brands, and we have goals, too, in the shorter term, in the upcoming quarters. And I'm not saying 2 or 3 or 4. I'm saying upcoming quarters to double that. And that is very attractive from the opportunity not only to go after business that maybe you wouldn't go after before because the margin wasn't attractive enough. Or to enhance your margins so you can use it to grow a little faster or you can use it to drive some gross margin. We believe there is ample opportunity for both. And then the question is what other things are there to drive it. And Will touched on a second ago some of the freight initiatives. I think we call it FI 2012.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, and our goal is over the upcoming quarters to again, turn that into a more meaning -- it's a profit center today, but turn it into a more meaningful profit center and add gross margin because that's all at the gross margin line. So those are 2 shorter-term things that I think have the ability to move that needle north.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. One thing I'll add to that is think about when we were coming into this year and the tail end of last year. We were looking at how we believe this would ramp up, and I might be over at certain times on what we spend for inventory or spend for fixed capital. But message to both our purchasing group, as well as our vending group is don't get caught naked here. We added some inventory early on because we wanted to have vendable products ready on the shelf. We have a backlog of machines. So we are ready to handle it from the standpoint of that product, if we end up having a few months too much because we over stretched ourselves, that product's a great product without a shelf life. But the cost of running out is too high, and so a little bit of our inventory, a little bit of our CapEx is there because we were willing to front load because we saw the potential in the opportunity here. With that, I'm going to cut off the call. We're at 45 minutes past the hour. And again, I want to thank everybody for joining in on the call this morning. Just a couple takeaway items I jotted down during the call. I probably sound a little like a stuck record here, but maybe in today's world, sometimes hearing the same thing from a company consecutive quarters is a sign of good things rather than being boring. But first off, our 'pathway to profit,' we're more convinced than ever that it just works. It's a logical profession for our business, and it's working well throughout the organization. Very good sales patterns. One thing that I noted the other day when I was looking at some of the numbers, if I look at the last 6 months, so the second and third quarter of this year, on a 2-year comparison, our growth is in excess of 45% every month. We had actually one month over 50%. I have to go back at 2006 to see that type of a 2-year comparison. And 2006 was pre- 'pathway to profit'. So we were opening stores at about a 14% clip. So what that demonstrates to me is with focus, with energy and a bunch of growth drivers, we can continue to take market share at a very aggressive fashion in this marketplace, and it isn't strictly store centered. It's all facets of the business. The sales initiatives, we have great traction with them. Very good opportunity with our exclusive brands, and finally, as I mentioned last quarter, the employees of Fastenal continue to perform at a very high level. Thank you to them whoever's on the call. Have a good day, everybody.
