Holden Lewis: Yes, I think that costs continue to go up from a freight standpoint, and I think we have talked about how we did a nice job offsetting some of those issues in the second quarter, we talked a little bit about moving more product on to our own trucks, doing a better job sort of finding means of generating additional revenue and we still worked through that in Q3, but pricing is still a challenge. And I would say that, that is a part of the equation still. Now, the impact from freight was more meaningful on a year-over-year basis than it was on a sequential basis, make no mistake right, but I think if you look from a sequential standpoint, I think that you are looking at seasonality played a role, I think foreign exchange certainly played a role. And then you do get into some drag from branch freight and some of the customer allowances, but they are relatively smaller. So, I think that the impact from freight was more annual than it was sequential.
Holden Lewis: Yes. As it relates to the freight side of it, no, I don’t think there’s anything unusual there. Honestly, I have to say it’s been fairly impressive the degree to which the field has been able to move some product off of third-parties on to our own fleet and other things of that nature, as Dan said fuel is a big issue. So, as it relates to branch – to branch freight or freight generally, I don’t think there’s anything unusual there. As it relates to gross margin more broadly, yes, I think thinking about typical seasonality is not unreasonable here. There are certainly some comp give and takes as we move into Q4, freight being one of those. It is in Q4 last year that we began to see a lot of these costs really beginning to move up, right. So, I mean, that’s one where there might be some easier comps, but there are some other items in there that might be less favorable comps. So, I think if you think about the gives or takes, I feel like you should probably think about the seasonality. And the one perhaps caution I’ll give there is, seasonality is usually maybe 20 basis points to 40 basis points lower in fourth quarter than third quarter. It also tends to be a much more volatile quarter than is typical in terms of where that comes through. I think that we can find some gives and takes that move us to the high end of that and that’s what we’re going to strive to do, but I don’t think it’s unreasonable to think in terms of normal seasonality at this point.
Holden Lewis: But Ryan, I think yes, just to touch on last call, you are right, I mean, I had indicated at that call that we were looking at basically roughly 10% of our products sourced from China and that there was a chunk of that, where it was just a guess right, just a guess because one quarter of our total buys across the company are bought by the field rather than corporately. And this local capability to buy is a big reason for our industry outgrowth, but it also reduces the visibility. And as you said, we have sharpened our pencils on this and we are trying not to be overly specific about it, but I think it is fair to say that our number is north of that 10% range that I had indicated earlier. So that is definitely a larger number that comes directly from China.
Holden Lewis: Yes, Hamzah. So, I think it’s fair to say I believe that the source of our headcount growth has diversified over the past few years, right. There was a time when we were heavily branch oriented, where most of our headcount was going into the branches and we are adding branches and filling those out. As we have become as reliant on the Onsites and vending, national account growth, then a lot of the headcount that we add is coming outside of the branches, perhaps to a degree that was not true 10 years ago, let’s say. And we should be able to build a fairly significant revenue base off of that headcount relative to what we have been able to achieve before. I think it’s fair to say that in the past, we would have had to throw a lot of bodies and heads into growing the revenues. And today, I think that there is more leverage in the model for headcount growth than it has been the case in the past. That said, growing 13% does require investment in the business and that investment is in the form of headcount both in the branches as well as outside of the branches and we began to see in August and September those numbers begin to tick up and we would expect to continue to add branches to support our growth going forward.
Holden Lewis: Yes, Evelyn, you have to also remember that the ability of our folks in the field to make decisions about what their customers need is a real important piece to how we service the customer and how we achieve the kind of outgrowth that we do. Now, we have obviously encouraged the field to wherever possible, maybe to use exclusive brands as sort of a product substitution, look for product within our network as opposed to having to go outside of our network, because obviously where we have scale in purchasing we can do – we can address the issues of inflation more greatly, but I think it would be a mistake to take something which has served us so well culturally and in terms of growth over such a long period of time and begin to uproot those kinds of things. I think we are far better off taking the relationships that those local sales folks have, have those conversations, use the tools that have never been better, use the experience they have in sort of having these conversations which again has never been better and continue to service the customer in that way.
Holden Lewis: Well, I think the expectation is if we look at the first three quarters, we divide by three, multiply by four and it gets you to the math, right. How fourth quarter plays out, we will see. It’s entirely possible that we will sign enough to be inside that range. And so it’s really just math, Evelyn. I will say this, if we come in at the low end of the range, around the low end of the range that will be as an effective job that we have done in any year of actually hitting that range. And let’s not lose sight of the fact that whether it’s 360 or 355 or 365, that’s up from 270 last year and represents significant sort of buy-in and execution on the part of the organization. So, I would perhaps put that perspective. With respect to what our expectations are for next year, frankly, we haven’t addressed that yet. I think we will have more to say about that as we get into the fourth quarter, but we haven’t set that range at this point.
Holden Lewis: And I have asked that question specifically of the RVPs every month in the last couple of quarters and the feedback from them is very much the same. They have not seen any indication that our products are being pre-bought and stockpiled if you will ahead of these sorts of things. Now, I can’t tell you that’s not happening somewhere else in the supply chain, but as it relates to our products and our supply chain, it’s not something that any of our RVPs or corporation is seeing.
Dan Florness: Sequential, one thing we are seeing and this has been our mantra all year is fuel prices are what they are whether whether that is diesel going into our semi fleet or gasoline going into our pick-up fleet. The real mantra is charge freight where it’s appropriate, and we’ve been a – we’ve seen a pretty consistent level of that. And use our trucks, the challenge to our branch employees, our Onsite employees -- use our trucks, a challenge to our supply chain, use our trucks because it’s a lower cost and we’ve seen some success in that as we’ve gone through the year.
Dan Florness: I’ll just – I’ll chime in with a couple positives when I think about going into the fourth quarter. We exited the quarter in a better position than we entered the quarter from the standpoint of our pricing in general because of things we’ve put in place in July and August, point number one. Point number two, one of our hard presses on our folks as it relates to all the noise, the turmoils going on right now is be engaged with your customer from the standpoint of product substitution. That tends over historically to help us from a gross margin perspective. And so, when I look at that, there’s some built-in enlist to it and – but we’ll continue to have the impact that we’ve seen in the mix of our business, and that’s not a new thing. The last piece is, one component of our gross margin centers on the volume allowances that either go to customers or come from suppliers. When I look at that, some years you will have a bias towards what direction one or the other might go depending on the relative strength of that of our overall growth for the year because a lot of those programs are calendar-based. As we’ve been seeing as we’ve gone through the year, the customer side, strong growth in national accounts, so there’s a piece there but nothing new as far as any kind of change sequentially. If I look at it on the supplier side, sometimes you can get an uptick or a downtick in the fourth quarter depending on where the programs come out. With our strong growth this year, the bias is toward up not down. So, I would look at that and say on the ledger there’s more things that are – ignoring seasonality, more things that are biased up versus down.
Dan Florness: I think it’s – on that – there is a number of things punched into that question. So, as you unwind it from a tariff perspective, it’s way too early to gauge because we don’t know what the next leg is going to be, is there going to be a next leg. We don’t know if we’re going to be sitting here in March and 10 is at 25 or 10 is at 10 or 10 is at zero, we don’t know if it’s on the SKUs it’s on today, if it’s on expanded list or a contracted list. So I don’t think anybody can intelligently predict that today. I do know we have a really good plan for how we are approaching it. If I look at historically, we have talked about and I am a big believer in transparency, I might be a little opaque here, because I don’t want to put our field team in a bad position from the standpoint. If I sat down with 10 different customers, the percentage of what they are buying that’s sourced in one country to another or in different parts of the world in general can vary dramatically depending on if it is a fastener. Fastener products have a very high content of imported products and a lot of that is coming out of China. So if you think about that third of our business, a big piece of that is sourced globally and most of that had moved outside of North America before we even started in business back in the late 60s. And so that 35% is a pretty big piece. On the non-fasteners, it’s also a quite large piece. And this isn’t just a comment about Fastenal this is a comment about supply chains in general. So, I would expect most companies you will find is that you are going to have over half of their business is sourced outside of North America and a meaningful piece of that out of China and you would see the same, but I don’t want to get into specifics beyond that, because one customer and might impact what they are spending 10%, another customer might be 30%.
Dan Florness: In fairness to Holden, I felt he was answering a different question on that call or I would correct him on the spot. I know he was talking about the first rounds being a single digit, a low percentage impact and that realized the intent of his answer. And not all that 30% – not all that amount is going to be captured in this first round, so we will see what happens going forward.
Dan Florness: So I will throw in a few pieces because I have been a few years on my belt that Holden didn’t have yet. If you think about our business, our local, if you go back years ago, our days on – our days to collect would have been better, because our business was primarily a local business. And if I look at our local business, which is roughly half our revenue, you would see that our stats for that business is largely unchanged from what it would have been 10, 15, 20 years ago. In the last 20 years, we have gone from 2%, 3% from our revenue be in national account, so 52% of our revenue being national account and we have gone from international being two locations in Southern Ontario to 15% of our revenue. Two things I can tell you what national customers and international customers in general, they pay slower than our local customers. And so they have been attributing to 70% of our growth between Onsites and lot of things we do Onsite spending etcetera really go towards a larger key account in that local market, whether it’s a national account or not, but a larger customer and oftentimes their ability to negotiate terms that are linked to growing the business occur and so there is some structural aspects to it. The offset to that is that they also drive volume through our branch network and over time allow us to continually drive down the days of inventory on hand, because we are leveraging it across the bigger revenue base. So it’s finding that balance, but it creates some challenges in near-term.
Dan Florness: What I might add, if you look at the table in the press release, we talk about absolute employee headcount and I am talking about the in-market locations and then the FTE employee headcount in-market locations and you see the FTE growing a bit faster than the absolute. I have challenged our team to add a little bit more absolute, but to build to our recruiting pool and the way we build staff in our branch is we aggressively go into 4-year state colleges, 2-year technical colleges and recruit and ask you to come work for us part time while they are still in school. And those numbers need to be built a little bit. But if you add 1% to that number, for example, it doesn’t translate into 1% FTE, because it translates into about a half and it’s a less expensive FTE and you don’t do it for the cost, you do it for the recruiting pool of the future. And so you will see that pickup a little bit, but will be very I believe efficient at managing the expense of that component.
Dan Florness: There is a subset of SKUs that we do import from China that are impacted. That subset is much larger in some of those categories I touched about earlier. In fasteners, it’s about, it’s 10, 11 down the list as far as subcategories. And so it hasn’t been fully impacted. If you look at it on a lot of things that I have been looking at, the fact that it’s about half of the imports coming in are of that $500 billion are now tariffed, that’s not too far off the mark of what we are seeing in our business too.
Dan Florness: I’d say – I’d say yes to each and every one of those to a certain degree and no to another, and that is we started some months ago in earnest looking at where we’re sourcing, and – but you also have to look at it from the standpoint of what’s the alternative source, is there capacity available, is the quality the same and what’s the price point. We could boost some stuff out of China to another source, if you add 5%, 6%, 7% and that 10% is there for the next three years, that’s a good decision. If you add – if you do that and you add 15% or 20% or 30% to the cost, it’s a really bad idea. It becomes a less bad idea if 10% goes to 25% and it sticks. So, in an environment where there’s political variability as opposed to economic variability, makes it very challenging to plan. And the biggest thing is having a good open dialog with your customer, but also understanding for a lot of our customers what we spend is a relatively small part of their spend or what we sell is a relatively small part of their spend, so, it’s creating the least amount of disruption to their supply chain, but we have redirected some already. As far as buying ahead, the problem with that is the – predicting exactly what’s going to be needed and where and for some items you can do it. But again, depending on what’s going to happen because supply chains – when we order stuff today it’s not coming in next week or next month, it’s coming in three, four months from now. So, you have some limited ability to do that, but to the extent we can redirect some, absolutely we’ve been doing that. But Adam, just to sort of flesh out the question, the inventory I would not expect it to move meaningfully based on pre-bought volumes. Again, we’ve looked into it, there is tight capacity for products in a lot of places and we didn’t have the ability to meaningfully ramp up the amount that we pre-purchased based on what is pre-existing tight capacity.
Dan Florness: Well the – it’s always going to be an intimate discussion with every customer and some it’s a willingness to peer into the supply chain, flexibility on source supply. OEM fasteners has a different dynamic to it than MRO fasteners for example. But historically, the pricing we saw in September that’s more on our local customer where timeframe is different, and because it’s so diffused that was challenging us earlier in the year because we didn’t have great tools to manage it. If I think of our national account relationships, most of that is historically on a – kind of a six-month window that we can move pricing. And obviously extreme – certain commodities don’t fall into that if it’s things like stainless, which has much more variability, we tightened that window up. In the case of something like this, where it’s a political event, you do have the ability to accelerate that as does our supply base to accelerate that window because the stuff we’re buying last summer that or last fall that came in on September 20, doesn’t have a tariff, if it came in four days later, it does. So, it’s not about when you ordered, it’s about when it crossed the border. And so it’s being very mindful of that, and sometimes – and that can change the timing window, but historically it would have been about a six-month window.
Dan Florness: The terms on the fasteners will be somewhat slower than the turns on the non-fasteners, simply because we source a much greater proportion of fasteners from overseas than we do non-fasteners, not just from China, but from other countries as well. I don’t think it would be unexpected to suggest that the vast majority of our fasteners spend is from outside the U.S. and significantly in Asia. And so you are going to have a longer turn on fasteners than you will on non-fasteners. Our non-fasteners also carry more of a branded component to them. That lends itself too. We are sourcing it domestically. Now, it might have been manufactured offshore, but we are sourcing it domestically and therefore you have a tighter window too as far as turns.
Dan Florness: I don’t know if I would phrase it as permitted to buy. I think ultimately our customer decides what supply channel is best for their business from the standpoint of their end customer what they expect. We have domestic capabilities too, where from a distribution perspective, we have the largest – when I look at our peers we have the largest manufacturing of fasteners capability in our industry. And so we manufacture – 35% of our revenue is fasteners. We manufacture about 5% of what we sell. So, 5% of that 35%, we manufacture domestically for the most part. Look, we have some operations in Europe and Asia as well, but most of our operations are domestic. And there is a customer base that wants that. The reality of it is for fasteners and for non-fasteners there is not capacity to handle it domestically, even if we wanted to move more domestically, the capacity doesn’t exist, because the fastener capacity that’s retained in this country, we are a meaningful piece of it, because of what we have done, but much of it has moved offshore, again, lot of that back in the ‘50s, ‘60s and ‘70s.
Dan Florness: Yes. I will chime in on that. If you think of what we do, we provide real time supply chain for our customers and that’s our value. When the customer needs something they walk over and they push a button on a vending machine and they instantly have what they need, their safety glasses, a pair of gloves, etcetera. When they are producing something, they reach over and they grab in a bin and grab the fastener they need to assemble the item they are producing. If they are doing maintenance, they go to a bin and grab it. So the value we bring is the sourcing of products we supply. There is no sourcing cost. It’s available when I need it. So, it doesn’t really lend itself to pre-buying. So I would say there is no pre-buying in our numbers from the context of any of our revenue numbers in the third quarter or earlier in the year for that matter.
Dan Florness: I am going to close up the call with just two quick thoughts. In the last two quarters, I have touched on something that we have never touched on as a company and that is the traction we are seeing in the ease of ordering for our customer through what we call Fastenal Express or Web. I personally have been making use of the system. And I have been probably wearing our team a little bit with things to make it easier, to make it more intuitive as a buy. And I was sharing with our board the other day, I said, yes, a couple of weeks ago I bought a case of filters, I sent the order in, a little after two, little after three I got a reply, order is ready to pickup and I stopped over there a little after 4 and picked it up. Last night, as I was leaving, after 5 o’clock, I ordered a couple of rolls of Talon duct tape, that’s our brand, in case anybody is curious, as well as Fastenal Jobber drill bit set, I ordered that late in the day. At 8:02 this morning, I had an e-mail from Fastenal. My order is ready to pickup. That’s measuring fulfillment of any type of order, whether it’s a vending machine, a bin, an e-commerce order in minutes and hours, not in days. And that transaction is a more efficient transaction for us. And that freight is part of our normal shipping network. What we are finding is between 93% and 94% of the time our customers buy online, they are picking it up at the Onsite or at the branch. They want certainty of supply and they want great availability. Second item I will touch on is we recently had Hurricane Florence hit the Southeastern part of the United States. I am thankful to say that Fastenal and our Fastenal employees and our customers came through it largely undamaged. I love hearing the stories from customers and employees alike about fellow Fastenal Blue Team members stepping into support them. We are hours away from Hurricane Michael hitting the panhandle of Florida. I believe Panama City is dead in its sites. Our best wishes and thoughts and prayers are with our team and our customers and the folks in that area. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.
