Willard D. Oberton: The market doesn't seem to be changing a lot, Ryan. I mean, it's a soft industrial market. We don't believe it's getting any worse. We don't see signs that it's improving, but our attitude internally is we have to deal with the environment out there and go take share, and we're adding the people. Our comps in October are softer than September. So we have good opportunity to improve our growth nicely in October and going out through the rest of the year setting ourselves up for a stronger first quarter.
Willard D. Oberton: No, we don't think that our gross margin is -- results are a reflection of our hard push on sell -- or on sales. I really believe it's the normal environment that we're in. We were probably overly optimistic going in. So we're still confident or comfortable with our 51% to 53% range, and believe that's what we have to work or that's -- we have to try and stay in that range. We see nothing that would push us out of that. And if sales really took off, could it affect our margin, yes, but we'd be happy with that problem. I mean, if we had unusually great sequential growth. We're not pushing so hard to reduce it.
Willard D. Oberton: And we're seeing that from the large public companies. We're seeing it from the small private companies. Everybody is out to keep the business they have and try and grow the business the best they can. And I agree completely with Dan, it's customer-driven and we're all reacting to the pressures.
Willard D. Oberton: On the first one, Dave, as far as the improvement of adding people, it's too early to tell. But if you look over a long period of time, we know when we have more hours, our businesses grow faster. So it's very straightforward. On the -- we've had very good success ongoing to visit the customers on the $2,000 per machine. And I don't know the exact percentages, but it's a very low percentage where we've decided to take the machine out. In most cases, it isn't about the customer giving us other business which we would like. It's about resetting the machine so that we have the right product in there. Dan mentioned that with his Mountain Dew analogy. It's really about looking at the customers needs and understanding what we should put in there. And our vending team who runs the system has developed some very good software to look at what's spinning and what isn't, or what's falling out of the machine and what isn't. So they have good analytics to go to the customer, identify what we need to put into it. And most customers want that conversation because if they don't use the machine, they don't save any money, and they don't run their plants as efficiently. So we're going down the list. We continue to see very good progress, and the quality of each machine continues to rise, basically, on a weekly basis. The team has done a very good job.
Willard D. Oberton: And, Dave, I didn't mean to indicate that our short cycle sales are affecting our reported gross margin. I'm not saying they are or they aren't. But I really think our gross margin is more about the 2 mix-related issues and the customer pressure for them trying to hit their bottom line. Like I said in the last 2 quarters, every industrial report I read was "short on the top line, we did a nice job on expense control", and that affects all of us, us and all of our direct competitors.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, on the overall number, our goal would be to, 2014, we'd like to get to the roughly 2,000 per month signing. We think that's a good number. And so that's what our incentives are going to designed to do. It's too early to say whether we're going to get there. But if you look at the fact where basically we've signed 18,000 without putting any pressure on based on last quarter, it doesn't take a lot more energy to crank that up. We think that we have some built-in energy when THUB is up and running because right now, if a store is struggling to serve the machines because it's a lot of work packaging the product and filling the machines, there's a reluctance to go out and sign more machines. And I talked to a group of managers this week about the very subject. So if we can get THUB up and running the way we believe it will, we reduce the workload at the store, the stores see, "Hey, this is pretty good business", they're going to go out and work harder to sell them, and they're going to have more time to work harder to sell them. So based on that, based on a little incentive, right now, looking at the year internally, we're saying, "Hey, we'd like to get the number up around 2,000 machines per month". We signed 23,000 to 25,000 or 22,000 to 26,000 for the year. That gives us great growth. It's very manageable and it doesn't overload any particular area of the company as far as stores and regions.
Willard D. Oberton: Adam, it's hard to understand because there's not a lot of data out there. If you look at the fastener index that BB&T uses, that Holden Lewis sends out. Holden, you're probably in the call, thanks for that. It shows that fasteners are in a pretty tough spot. I think it came out at 46 and change, with 50 being the center point on that index, very slow growth. And our purchasing, director of purchasing and the person who heads up our fastener initiative just came back from Taiwan, which is -- China and Taiwan, about 3 weeks ago, and I met with them. And they said that the factories that we support very heavily are very slow. The U.S. imports coming out of Asia are at a very, very low level, which tells me demand is slow, the fastener index from Holden tells me that demand is slow, and we know that there's no inflation in the product. You put all those together and it says we're probably doing a little bit better than average with our fantastic 1% growth, sarcastically. But we are working very hard at it. We have a lot of small projects and medium projects. Things we're working on, better bin stock technology, doing a better job of culling on the large customers. Lee has implemented some new quoting tools, or his team has. Tools to speed up the process to try and turn an inquiry into an order. We had kind of slowed that down with price guidance. They recognized that. They developed some software that the store managers, and I, again, spent a lot of time with store managers this week, are high-fiving us for doing this for them, and I get no credit. But -- so we're doing a lot of things to speed that up. And we're pretty confident that we're going to start taking share when that opportunity per share growth comes back.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. Well, the trends are slow. In the quarter, we grew our metalworking by just over 10%, basically, a little -- almost double where the Fastenal growth is. Metalworking is a tough area right now. Two-year pattern, we're up 37%. So we had a great first year, it slowed down this year. But we're still very motivated and believe it's a great opportunity for us. Based on what we're hearing from industrial -- or industry data, from other competitor data, metalworking may be one of the toughest areas out there right now. And we're still growing the business at 10%, off a pretty good base. I mean, we're not huge, but it's a nice piece of business for us, and we're still very optimistic. I believe the team is doing a nice job of growing that business.
Willard D. Oberton: No, I don't believe that. I don't -- since 2007, '08, '09, most of our competitors have been -- not competitors, customers, they don't have a lot of excess inventory in the system anymore. They're all living. And part of it has to do with there's a lot bigger pressure on taking cash out of the business, and the other thing that's going on is the suppliers are better. We're better, our competitors are better, so you don't need as much inventory. I have been scratching my head just as Dan has over the ISM. And when you look at the -- like I said, I've been out with a lot of customers over the last few months, it's hard to find one that's just booming. And it'll be interesting to see the reports coming out over the next 2 weeks from the big industrials, but it doesn't sound like any of them are seeing robust growth. It's hard to understand where that 56 is coming from. Hopefully, it's a leading indicator, as Dan mentioned, and we're seeing it in the next 2, 3, 4 months. But I do not believe it's inventory.
Willard D. Oberton: We're not going to give guidance on gross margin. But unless the fasteners pick up and unless the business just picks up in general, unless fasteners pick up, that pressure is going to stay there. If the economy doesn't turn around, the competitive pressures from both our competition and our customer base are going to remain the same. So we don't see a lot of change, we don't foresee a lot of change over the next 3 to 4 months.
Willard D. Oberton: And if the ISM is an indicator of future opportunity, that is going in our direction. We do have some tailwinds from that perspective.
Willard D. Oberton: Our main focus is getting our growth back because if we can do that, that takes care of most of the other things: pretax profit percent, all the other things. And so we have to stay very focused on that, and we believe we're doing the right things to make that happen.
Daniel L. Florness: The only thing I'd echo in on that is if you think of trends going forward, we're adding selling energy, we're adding vending quality to the organization. And I don't know if this third one will be -- will prove indicative or not, but the ISM is improving.
Daniel L. Florness: I think the competitive aspects we're talking about really relate to more what the -- our customers are expecting and asking of us more so than what competitors are doing. Other than the fact that we're all -- we are all reacting to the competitive marketplace. But it's really being driven, I think, not so much by everybody else taking shots at us. It's really being driven by what customers need, because if -- we're squeezing our expenses tremendously as you can see when you look at our operating expenses. Our customers are doing that too, because in the absence, as Will mentioned, of sales growth, I need to squeeze profit if I want to get profit growth -- expenses to get profit growth.
Daniel L. Florness: I don't know if we know the quality answer yet, Hamzah, because one of the things that we're seeing, and I touched on earlier is that the THUB rollout -- the quality is not about THUB. I don't want to confuse the issue. THUB is about efficiency behind the scenes. But some of the steps our stores are taking to implement THUB support expanding the quality, in addition to what we're doing with our vending improvement program. For example, looking at the activity of the actual machine and are there tweaks you could make to it. I go to our warehouse or I go to a place with a lot of younger folks, and you might see, in a soda machine, 5 out of 6 offerings are Mountain Dew. It's because that's what's turning that machine and that's what that marketplace wants. Even though I don't want Mountain Dew, I'll take the Dr. Pepper, but Mountain Dew is what's being drawn. It's taking a step back and looking at the machine and saying, what coils are really spinning on this machine for the replenishment from THUB, but that also optimizes the machine. So I think after we get THUB turned on and we've had the opportunity to optimize more of our machines, we've had our vending improvement program in place for a longer period of time, I think at that point in time, we'll be able to take a step back and say, you know what, here is the portion of the machines that were sub-optimal 6 months ago, and here's the portion that still are, and we need to scratch our head a little deeper on those. But it's a small, I believe, a small subset. The machine is just a better way of delivering products. Where we have issues is we have too many machines relative to the customer. I think that we'll run into more than we have a machine where it doesn't belong.
Daniel L. Florness: On the last part of your question about gross margin, I'm going to shy away from answering that. We're going to hold to the 51%, 53%, and the fasteners move a little bit and half of this discussion goes away. And -- but in regards to the shorter cycle sales, to me, the best indicator I can point to of everything we're doing, going after some shorter cycle sales, going -- having some of our national accounts folks work in stores, the FTE we're adding, the district manager energy we're adding, if you look at all of those things, I go back to the sequential patterns. In the sequential patterns, we've now strung a couple of months together where we beat the pattern -- beaten the pattern, excuse me. And there's positive energy going into that. Since -- I don't know if I touched on this earlier, if I did, I apologize for repeating myself, it must be because I'm almost 50 years of age.
Daniel L. Florness: Moving in a little bit. But if I look at it since May, and I'll probably lose the group with this comment. Since May, we've beaten 3 out of 4 months in pattern. And if you look at the delta, the -- if we beat the pattern by 0.5%, missed the pattern by 0.5%, cumulatively, our beating is giving us 0.5 point of lift. In the last 2 years, from May to September, we were down about 0.2% or 0.3%. So we've gone from negative. In 2011, it was negative, and that was the stronger year. 2012 it was negative, and that was a negative year. In 2013, if you look at the sequential beats and misses since May, we're up 0.4% and we've beaten 3 out of 4. I think all those tied together, the focus on just grow the business is impacting our business.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, I think the reason for the trimming is we're now 9 months through the year and we have a better idea where we're going to finish at. And so you narrow the range down. There's nothing more than that. And then we also indicated a starting point range for next year. And I don't think either one of those are horribly surprising.
Daniel L. Florness: There's a few things driving that. One is the timing of some of the inventory spend. We were building some inventory. Some of that is inventory is going in to THUB. Another one, which is a relatively minor event but it's still meaningful dollars is we changed the organization we use for processing our fuel cards in our vehicle fleet and their cut off is 5 days earlier in the month. So there's an added accrual in there for some fuel that's more mechanical than anything. The third one is all the distribution stuff we're doing, there's a piece of that sitting in accounts payables in the quarters and it will be paid out here in October. But nothing horribly meaningful other than that.
Daniel L. Florness: John, to be honest with you, we don't know. We know what we're doing that we believe positively influences our business, and I would hope to positively influence our benchmark -- our performance to our benchmark, what we're doing with adding energy into the store, what we're doing with working to improve the vending, what we're doing to drive our key accounts. Those pieces are ultimately good means to grow our business. Expanding our district manager roles will do 2 things: a, we'd be better at recruiting; and b, we'll have better -- we'll have a higher level of sales energy in our business to support our stores every day, every week, every month.
Daniel L. Florness: I think as a nation, and I'll go out on a little limb here, I think, as a nation, we've grown a little bit accustomed to the fact that we have a bunch of folks in our nation's capital that a high percentage of the time, do things that are pretty damn dumb. And that's unfortunate, speaking as a U.S. citizen. With that said, I'm a firm believer, if there's core demand for the things that we sell, that core demand will be there. And I don't think that distraction is going to be that destructive longer term, but we don't know.
Daniel L. Florness: When you're operating at a level of profitability that we are, at 22%, and you're in an environment where you're not sure what mix is going to do to your margin and we're heavily investing in selling energy, that does create challenges for us to obtain incremental margin. We've talked in the past about the pathway to profit. Our stated goal, and this was a point in time goal, this is an end mark, end place, but our stated goal was, a number of years ago, was to drive the pretax to 23%, which would imply we have another 100 basis points of incremental margin to pick up at some point in time and beyond. But again, that 23% is not a target, it's just a number. But it's really predicated on the average size of the store. And the average size of the store right now, I forgot what it was in the release...
Daniel L. Florness: $94,000. That's what needs to happen to drive that up, and we need the top line to drive that. It gets a little easier at the top line if we have a good mix of products and our gross margin is giving us a little bit of tailwind. It's good if we're getting a little bit of tailwind in the operating leverage. But we're investing in a lot of things right now. We're adding folks into the store, great investments, because we focus on long term.
Daniel L. Florness: Again, speaking for Will and Lee and myself, we want to thank you again for your support and interest in the Fastenal business and for participating in the call, and have a good day.
