Holden Lewis: That’s correct. If you look at just fasteners and non-fasteners without considering sort of the mix of those, you had margins that were slightly higher in both cases.
Holden Lewis: I think given where our mix is going, I think you can look to us several years to probably have a headwind like that. I mean our growth drivers when you think about onsite and safety and vending and things like that, I mean, they lend themselves to that. So, do I think that given where we’re seeing our growth, that that is a reality each quarter of this year, it is. Now, as Dan alluded to, we still hope that there are some things that are going to contribute to somewhat better -- to somewhat better gross margins. Exclusive brands are something we talk about a lot. I called out the freight a little bit, because again while freight was a bit of a drag in the first quarter, there were some signs that perhaps the freight picture is getting a little bit better and hopefully as we go into Q2 and Q3, we’ll make further strides on that to help us sort of dig into that that more structural decline if you will. So, I think the answer is, yes. The structural mix is you were certainly there, but we think that we have means by wish to dig into that, if you will and improve. Also bear in mind that, we’re coming into the Q1 gross margin, when we think about the decline versus the fourth quarter. Some of that reflected the fact of the fourth quarter was an extremely strong period and we went and listed a couple of things. I mean, one thing we looked at was, fourth quarter of ’16 was up 40 basis points over the third quarter. If you look back historically, what fourth quarters typically do against third? So, I spotted that -- I’m sorry, 50 basis points against it. If you look back historically, what Q4 typically looks like against Q3? It’s been more like a 60 basis points decline. And last quarter, we called out we didn’t deleverage the trucking network as much as the historically perhaps have, and we had a number of other things that were small individually, but added up they just went our way. So, I think a better way to think about the quarter -- about the first quarter number is, historically, if you look at how Q1 plays our versus the prior year Q3. We were actually up 10 basis points versus last year's Q3. And historically, we’re down a couple of 20 basis points or so again the proceeding five years. So, we believe that we should be able to dig more into that structural decline than we did this quarter, but we feel like we’re making some progress on the freight, on the EBs and things of that sort. And yes, where we don’t view this as a de-gradation in our margin picture by any means. I'll just add a couple of thoughts to that. So fourth quarter -- or excuse me, third quarter we were at 49.3%. Here in the first quarter, we’re at 49.4%. I always look at fourth quarter is being noisy, whether it's up or down. The other thing is, if you look at our the $60 million in growth we’ve had in the last 12 months, 50% of that came from either onsite or vending. And so, there is a certain weighting that goes in there and we need to be executing better every day to offset the piece of that waiting. When I look at the margin in the first quarter, the only thing that I'm troubled by is, there is about 10 to 15 basis points in there that I find just personally frustrating, but, I think we’re executing quite a lot.
Holden Lewis: So, again, the guidance that we’ve sort of given on that is, if we hold gross margin stable then we think that we can get those types of incremental margins, just by leveraging the SG&A as we grow. So, when we envision discussing those incremental margin levels, I mean that really talked about leveraging our SG&A more so than the gross profit. And again, we saw some good signs of that, we talked a little bit about how employment grew and occupancy grew from a cost standpoint. But if you really look at it, when we think about like sales per head for instance, that was up 10% during the quarter, right, because we grew revenues nicely on slightly lower activity. Those are sort of the keys to how we get the type of incremental margins that we hope to get, but the discussion that we’ve had was really wanted to address our ability to leverage our operating expenses and intending to hold gross margin flat. So, if we can achieve significant improvements in our gross margin, I think that that’s additive but again that’s working against the structural mix that we’re talking about.
Holden Lewis: Well, that would be the leverage on the freight side in that year, you're having better utilization. First off, we have really excellent utilization of our trucking network to-date and so, it's not so much about you putting more boxes into a truck, it's -- those boxes you’re putting into the truck. What customer are they going to? What’s the nature of the business? You know, if it’s a box or an item that’s going to vending machine and it’s a safety product, it's going to have a different margin profile than if it's a box of fastener that’s going to an MRO user. And so, it's really depending on what that box is destined for. The other thing to remember is as a distributor, the very large majority of the cost that runs through COGS for us is simply the cost of the product. So there maybe pieces within COGS that we can get leverage on, but at the end of the day, the very large majority of what goes through cost on COGS is going to be the cost of the product.
Holden Lewis: I will spend on that one. We have no trigger price as this will buyback or we won’t buyback. That's a conversation we have with our Board on regular basis, we have not been in the market for some time. Historically, we have preferred to use our excess cash from the perspective of investing in the business, investing in our growth and if in case were we’re not drilling enough to use up all the cash generate because the cash we generate is quite attractive. History has said, the bulk of that cash, we return to our shareholders in the form of dividend and that’s just the way we structurally had it overtime. Our dividend release went out last evening has a good 10-year history to give you a perspective on that. No secret anyway in this call, our stock periods and then attractive multiple. And the periods where you’ve seen it, we’ve had some periods with a multiple fell off and we took some excess cash where we took some -- we incurred some borrowings to buy back some stock. But we focus our energy -- we really focus on time and energy on growing the business long term because we think that’s in the best interest of our shareholder. And in the short term, we return a fair part among the cash through a dividend. If you then recall that, I mean last year we had the leased locker program show up which is not something that so expected to begin the year and our first priority is to use our resources to be able to grow. And so we had a very nice quarter in Q1 by any measure. Q2 won’t be as high and we use some of those resources to acquire great company and…
Holden Lewis: In terms of the cash, correct, relative to earnings, just because of the double tax payments. But in Q1 we use the resources to buy great company and as a result our leverage is based in the same area that it has been for some time, and at this point we prefer to kind of look for other opportunities internally to spend -- to spend our resources on and like we did last year you never know when they’re going to come up. So that remains a priority and what we are looking for.
Holden Lewis: That’s correct and last year’s documents, we had two benchmarks that we were referring to. One was sort of our historic way of looking at it, which looked at most years from 1998 and then other one was sort of the five year average that last year would have included 2011 to 2015. As the calendar rolls forward so did our five year average into 2012 to 2016, and that’s where we are focusing on now for a benchmark.
Holden Lewis: Right. So, pricing was not a meaningful factor in the quarter. Price is something that we just continue to review at this point. Now, we obviously have seen some of our competitors take price increases. Many of them have talked about it publicly. We've seen charts where prices for metals are clearly up. So, it’s hard to conclude anything other than the environment today is certainly more inflationary, that has been quite some time. But that said, Fastenal has the advantage of being a FIFO company with a pretty long supply chain for fasteners and that means it takes a while for cost to hit our COGS. And that gives us the ability to evaluate how durable the marketplace is for pricing, and if you remember last year there was a time or two where we thought pricing could occur and then it wound up not materializing for probably demand reasons. And so, it’s nice to be able to get that sort of look, if you will. I think the real question at this point is, if the marketplace in fact does look like it’s going to be willing to accept pricing, is that something that we believe, we can get to protect our margins and protect our place in the market. And the answer is that, we think that we can, but we do have some time to evaluate at this point.
Holden Lewis: Yes. But keep in mind our inventory turns twice the year roughly. So, I mean, it would be -- it'd be short-lived event.
Holden Lewis: Yes and the months were on. When I think about the feedback that we’re getting from our regional Vice President about their marketplace, we talk about how -- in December we started to getting some pretty story that on the oil and gas business that we’re translating on the ground, but by the time you’ve got to February, you’re starting to see the oil and gas business really sort of pick-up again and showing itself in results. And frankly through March are continued to be case, I think they remain enthusiasm from that area. But what we began to see began to gain some real excitement as we based in February and then into March was the manufacturing site. And frankly the construction side, they’re seems have been a consensus that is come together through March from our regional that construction is doing much better and I think you can see some of that in the growth of the CSP products, I mean the fact they grew 10% plus in the quarter, I think some construction as well. So even as recently in December, the marketplace didn’t feel that great, but as we proceeded through the quarter and through the month of March. There was clear progress and improvement in the tender of the marketplace.
Holden Lewis: In quarter, the shift costs us about 50 basis points. In March, they cost us about a 150. It’s probably around 5 -- it's probably around third of the day, if you think about it Rob, historically. So, it gave us probably not $5 million lift in March and you probably get it back in April.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I mean, again, the motivation was just to emphasize the degree of which we think we can leverage operating expenses, right. That’s why we talk about it with the presumption that we hold gross margins stable. Now, as Dan alluded to, gross margins are much higher in Q1 than they'll be in Q2, Q3, so we’ll see what happens there. But, we remain committed to be able to achieve the leverage of the operating expenses. And we’re going to just keep you at work to try to dig into the structural decline in the gross margin that you start with. And we certainly had that conversation with our regionals and our folks. So, I think that there were some early signs that would in the freight side that maybe there is some progress there. So, we’re just going to have to keep working on improving the gross margin metric. But we do anticipate getting the leverage. With regards to the headcount, we would expect that to move up as demand goes up and also as we continue to accelerate our onsite timings. We onsite signing take some folks in the store and we would like to backfill those and really get a lot of energy in that store to keep growing from the new base. And so as growth in our growth drivers continue to move up than we would expect to add head. But again, we saw some good productivity in Q1, and we’re not just looking to give that productivity up. We got to do something to support our growth, but we’re not looking to begin to dilute that productivity by adding heads too quickly.
Holden Lewis: A couple of things I'll throw in -- in terms of what your top line growth assessment is. In the previous call, we've said south of 6% to 7% is difficult with the cost components we had coming out of 2015 and then through the first part of 2016. But that picture improves and lowers it some, and that's why you saw our ability to grow our operating expenses roughly 5.5%. And if you think what that, you have to take a look at what drove the operating expense increase when you look at Q1-to-Q1. I often try to pull things into some buckets so I can think about it easier. 25% to 30% of that increase is incentive comp whether it's in the commissioning in a store of bonus paid to some of the outside the store, the profit sharing contribution, so things that are expanding as a profit growth improves. That’s really what drives our labor cost to increase right now, it's not so much what headcount because the headcount you're adding typically and it appear this a lot of it is more on the entry level side so you could manage through that. If you think what's the next biggest group of cost that drove our expense up. We’ve been -- it's no secretly that we’ve been increasing our IT spend over a number of years. We have some pieces that are turning on actually this quarter that will help out of store or our onsite model quite meaningfully. We’re turning out our new website in Canada. So the things that we’re turning on that are spiteful investments, those investments we’ve been making and have been won through our P&L and the other component and I think that second bucket that was a jump from last year was the few of that Holder talked about. It’s a big increase in our cost component, that piece of it normalize than Q2, because last year from Q1 to Q2 fuel prices jumped up dramatically, so we'll left that in Q2, but we haven't left in Q1. The final driver of increases is the continued success that we’re seeing in vending. When we add those vending there is an expense that shows up in our occupancy around the cost of the equipment. So those things are really what driving it and outside of that, managing the expense really-really quite well. And so, it puts us in a position when we go into the later part of the year, I believe that we’ll be able to be more optimistic.
Dan Florness: I’m going to chime in and help Holden with that question just given my years. First off, David, if you've know from the prior conversations, range of margins in our business are quite dramatic, depending on -- are you selling something that’s a relatively low value, a convenience pack time or something in our store that it is, I need it right now and price really doesn't matter, I just need that item to -- I’m basically brokering a transaction and I am getting paid a fee for brokering and I am buying a palette of this product or something. So, I mean the ranges can be from the teens to 80%. I mean, if you really want to get crazy with it, but if you look at the bulk of our business, you really have a range that goes from probably the mid 30s to the low 60s. And our fastener product line runs in the 50s, our non-fastener products as a group run in the 40s. And that kind of gives you some semblance of it, and you can see that play out when you’re looking at a lot of our competitors and where their gross margins are in relative to the products they sell. And the only wildcard I throw into that would be the fact that, in our industry we're a little bit unique in that we have one of the lowest cost structures for freight. And we all sell our product line that by and large a lot of items have relatively low value per pound. So freight becomes a big deal and as structural advantages, we have for years to come. If you look at some of the things that we have done or can do to manage to offset a piece of that mix shift. And I think it’s just that, we’ll be able to offset a piece of that overtime because we’ve talked about our onsite strategy. And what that means, just like we talked about our vending strategy or we talked about our non-fastener strategy 10 and 20 years ago. All those things, over time lowered our gross margin and the way we offset it, one is by better sourcing, and one is by structurally challenging ourselves to lower our trucking costs, and those are things we’ve done very effectively over the last 20 years. Third one is continuing to grow our exclusive brand offerings. And so, it’s really a case of looking at it and saying, here are our branded supplier offerings and working closely with those brands to grow that business, but over time maybe narrow some of those brands. The other one is having a strategy for exclusive brands. Today in the non-fastener world, exclusive brands are about 20% of our revenue. If you were looking at that a decade ago, it was probably 10% of our revenue. And I really don’t see a reason why that can't be closer to 30 at some point in time. So continuing to challenge and carve out different pieces, and you can bring the cost savings to your customer and improve your gross margin at the same time.
Dan Florness: Well, I mean next two quarters, our comps change quite dramatically because we still were a relative -- if you think what's going on in 2015 and near the part of the 2016. We were getting traction on the onsite model. We were correcting some, getting some traction and fixing some things and some customers were improving from the standpoint of our vending model. So, if you think the growth has been occurring in the last 12 months and how that compares to the components of our business that were there in the 12 months prior to that, Q1 of 2016 is kind of that one of those half -- last high water marks and again, every year I ignore Q4, whether it’s a good or bad number that settle things in fix and much of anything. So, yes, the commentary around the incremental margins is really to try to make a point that we believe from an operating expense standpoint that we deleverage of those lines, and that’s despite the fact that we are -- as we grow, obviously we have that shock absorber effect coming from incentive comp and that sort of thing. But the points about the sort of the leverage, those incremental margins is, we feel that we can continue to leverage those lines and we did a nice job leveraging those lines in Q1, and we think that we’ll continue to do a good job leveraging those lines. And yes, if the gross margins cooperate then we do have some easier gross margins to compare against in Q2 to Q3. But, if the gross margins are stable then we think that we can get the kind of incremental margins that we spoken about.
Dan Florness: Thanks everybody, its 45, 46 minutes past the hour. Thank you for your interest in Fastenal. I’ll close to where I started. I am pleased quite frankly with the quarter from the standpoint of the business is executing better, our end markets have given us some lift or given ourselves some lift. Thank you.
