Dan Florness: Yes, so a few things there. I'm going by memory here, Dave. I think what we've talked in the past about is we believe there's around 15,000 – there's potential for about 15,000 onsites based on what we know today. And what we know today is largely confined to North America. And that's a number we've talked about internally. I hope that’s a number we've talked about externally in the past and Holden’s not giving me a dirty look. But suffice it to say it's a really big market and the reason it's so big is, because of our frugal cost structure, we can find success in an onsite doing $100,000 a month, doing $150,000 a month where most of the marketplace struggles with the onsite model when you get below 250,000, 300,000 a month. Putting one person in an office and doing sourcing is not an onsite in our mind. An onsite is you’re there engaged in their business. But we're able to find success in a lot more places. The vending, suffice it to say, I personally believe the numbers over 1 million but I don't know how much over 1 million and I don't know if I'm a [indiscernible] put into figuring that one out. The wild card on vending is historically vending was about putting in a vending box. And because we were reliant on a third party for vending, it was a separate system from everything else we did. But there's places where we have vending where bin stock works. But we want to illuminate the supply chain. So what we're doing now after acquiring it is we're building the technologies together. So some places we’ll use vending and some places we’ll use a bin stock that has replenishment automation in it. In other words, we know how full the bin is. We know how – either through RFID technology or infrared technology or some other technology. And so suffice it to say it's an incredibly big market I believe between vending and bin stock. It could address 70% of the true spend that exists in the marketplace. And so you can size it on that based on a device that does $2,000 a month in business with that yield for a number. The final point and Holden remind me on the final point, LIFT. LIFT, we – and for those of you that aren't familiar with what LIFT is, the acronym stands for Local Inventory Fulfillment Terminal. And the way we're approaching it initially is it's a terminal that replenishes vending, but it could replenish other things such as bin stocks in the future. We had some pilots. We have a handful of pilots we did. The first one was in Phoenix, Arizona, but we've added since then. The only thing that's changing – first off, the initial results are really positive because it allows us to become more efficient in replenishment of vending. It also pushes us to make the model better. And what I mean by that is a greater standardization of products going into the vending, because we're replenishing multiple machines, multiple branches, multiple business units out of one facility. And so we're doing some aggregation. What we're really doing now is the movement is removing more and more of the LIFTs we're doing in the next 12 months into distribution centers to make it part of our distribution network. But really excited about the potential there and we're moving forward on it.
Dan Florness: Yes, on employee costs, remember that restraining of those expenses really is not a function of what we do [indiscernible]. It's really a function of the decisions that are being made by the individuals in the field that are running their businesses, whether that be a branch, a district or a region. So I don't want to give you the impression of a degree of control that we don't by choice exercise in our culture and our model. The reality, Nigel, is the reason that we protected our talent the way we did through what certainly initially looked like it was going to be a pretty nasty downturn was specifically so that we'd be able to move quickly when conditions allowed, and with demand sort of getting gradually better and with our customers increasingly reengaging in conversations about growth drivers, in many respects that moment has come. And as a result, we fully expect that much as we saw in September, we saw an uptick in FTE relative to what we'd seen the month before, I wouldn't be surprised if you continue to see some of that. Travel expenses, I wouldn't be surprised, again, if you saw that come up from where it's been. And so the answer is difficult to answer because we don't control coming out any more than we control going in. Those are decisions made locally. And the field has made great decisions about it going in and we trust that they're going to make fantastic decisions about it coming out that's going to allow us to be both disciplined with expenses, because let's not forget we're going into a volume challenge seasonal period and we're all aware of that. But I think they're going to be able to exert a great deal of discipline over their cost structure because it makes sense for them to do so, and they’ve shown an ability to do it, while deploying the resources necessary to take advantage of the opportunities that are reopening again. And that's probably how I answer that question. I hope that gives you something you're looking for. As it relates to the second question on inventory, the inventory kind of reacts the same way, right? When demand is weak, inventory naturally can come down as customers naturally need less of it. And when demand gets better, then it goes the other way. And so there certainly is a – if demand gets better, and we would welcome that, then that would come with some improvement in inventory as well. Now that said, I'll tell you we're doing a lot of things to get better at managing our inventory, one of which is we're really moving product through our internal supply chain really smoothly today, right. We've gone through a period where we've been closing branches, we're addressing slow moving products, which is sort of historical product that we've brought into the business over years where we have different types of model stockings that we're engaging with and that's required us to move product through the supply chain at an accelerating rate. And whether it goes store to hub, hub to hub, hub to customer and branch, we've really made the movement of that product much smoother and at a higher velocity than I think what we've seen before and that's an improvement. We've introduced budgets on inventory to the field that I think that they try to operate to which has been an improvement. We're working with supplier partners to really time shipments better. As you know we have a long supply chain. And so if we can get those shipments times better, that actually works for us. And obviously we've been a little bit more aggressive with nonperforming inventory such as you saw in some of that clearance stuff. So we're doing a lot of things that I think will continue to lead to an improvement in our days on hand over time. But if demand gets better and the onsite signings we accelerate, that's going to put some need into the inventory again.
Dan Florness: Yes, I’ll give the vision from the team because I do more listening to them than talking at them. Part of it is just to ease things that are basic. So think of when I make a delivery, historically, I print off a bunch of packing slips at the branch and I take them with me and I get those signatures on the packing slips and I bring them back, I file them away. And if there's something that doesn't get paid and I need a proof of delivery at some point in the future, I'm digging through a file cabinet. Now we have signature capture. And now that doesn’t mean we always get a signature because sometimes the person doesn't want to touch the device in a COVID world, so we're working through that but it's – that's a whole bunch of back office – streaming the back office function which that brings no value to our customer supply chain. It's figuring out how to tap into that. Another one is, when I'm out visiting a customer going to – when I'm going to the vending machine, now that we own the technology that is the vending machine, our mobility device talks to the vending machine. And so we're not working with a keyboard -- a really obtuse keyboard on a vending machine to do inventory transactions. We have the device in our hand and it's talking to our point of sale system; incredibly efficiency enhancement. We're using mobility with our LIFT facilities. So I can fill machines and transmit it to the point of sale that it's filled and it automates a lot of processes behind the scene. Another one is if I'm out talking to a customer and they have a question about something, I actually have the means to answer the question. I don't need to write it down, get back to the branch, look up in my point of sale system and call them back. I can answer it on the spot. I can order it on the spot for that matter. And so it allows you to do a lot of things right now. Just like a cell phone, think of the efficiency that brings to almost every human being on the planet today. I can take care of something right now rather than writing it down and making a phone call when I get back to a phone. So it allows us to do a lot of things. It allows our team to be more mobile in the COVID environment. Being more mobile is great, because I don't need to go back to the branch at the end of the day along with everybody else and congest up an area because I never [ph] have to work on the same terminal. The other piece that allows us to illuminate for the customer when deliveries are made, when our schedule is coming and so our customer has greater visibility to their own supply chain, something that was difficult to do in the past. And the final one is because we're getting orders in earlier in the day, our distribution center can be picking orders we get at 10 o'clock, at 10 in the morning, not at six in the evening, because that's when the order was entered when they got back to the branch at 5 o'clock on the East Coast or 5 o'clock in the Central Time Zone. It allows you to move work up. If we could pick earlier today, our trucks can leave earlier today and more of our branches get a truck by six or seven in the morning rather than seven or eight in the morning. So it does a lot of downstream efficiencies.
Dan Florness: The other wildcard you need to at least consider is when does the activity we're seeing in Q3 and the activity we're seeing in Q4, when does some of that subside and we get to whatever our new normal of life in this world is? Is it people over the age of 70 wearing masks a lot? I don't know. Is it more sanitizing done or are we back in – two years from now, does it feel a lot like it felt a year ago? Only time will tell. Personally, what we’ve challenged our team to prepare themselves for is regardless of your opinion on when a vaccine may or may not be available and regardless of your opinion on how fast we can produce to provide vaccinations for the population that we have not just in this country or in this continent but in this globe is going to take time. And I feel sufficient to say to our employees we better plan on being in this kind of environment for at least through another 12 months. And how it tweaks and changes and goes up and down between now and then, time will tell. But that's where your head needs to be. And so if that's truly there, that tells me there's going to be a certain level of this extra layer of safety and janitorial products I believe for quarters to come.
Dan Florness: So the first thing I would say is I wouldn't so explicitly tie branch closings to onsite openings. I can't rule out that there haven't been some branches that have been closed, maybe in small markets where there's very few customers because of onsites have gotten created. I think that probably has happened. But in general, they've been independent decisions. The decision to close a branch has more often been because it's a smaller branch that maybe the path is scaling and it doesn't look today like it might have looked five years ago, seven years ago when it got open. And the onsite decision is similarly somewhat independent. So I would be cautious about tying those two explicitly together that way. I think that they're more independent than you're giving credit for.
Dan Florness: Michael, I love the way you asked the question. You have an apolitical question, looking for an apolitical answer. I only wish our media on both sides of the fence could do the same. And from my standpoint, we're a supply chain partner to our customers. We operate in the same environment, all of our peers do. We have no unique advantage or not – we have no unique advantage or are not uniquely hurt by anything that changes. We react to it. We reacted to COVID. Because of our decentralized nature, because of our true belief in people and giving them the freedom to make decisions, we just move faster because we're not looking – everybody isn't looking to somebody else to tell them what to do. We do and we support each other. And so if the trading patterns between nations on the planet changes, we will morph to that change just like our industry will and just like our customers will and the marketplace will, and I think our actions over the last several years in a tariff environment and now in a COVID environment demonstrate the sheer strength of the Fastenal distribution model as a supply chain partner to our customers.
Dan Florness: Yes. I don't think the sales cycle is changed at all, assuming you can do a sales cycle. And what I mean by that is, there's some business – when times get crazy, some people kind of duck their head and say, okay, let's figure out who we are. It's status. It's kind of like in the movie Apollo 13 when everything's falling apart in the rocket going to the moon, okay guys, what’s the status? What do we have on the ship that works? And that's what a lot of companies go through is they kind of shut down and they say, okay, what are we doing? And Fastenal, we're going to give you the Heisman and say we can't talk today. So it's not that the sales cycle is drawn out, it might be the sales cycle doesn't occur. And so the real question is, when does it start to occur? One of the things that hurt us in 2020 on top of COVID is an outgrowth of COVID was we didn't have our normal customer expo in the spring, which is a great igniter for change because you get a chance to really engage with folks and you really are able to talk about what we are. We're not an e-commerce platform. We're not somebody you hop on and if we have it great and if we don't, you're kind of SOL [ph]. We are your supply chain and we’ll find stuff for you. And so we're slowly – our customers are willing to take that call even if it's a virtual call. It doesn't have to be in person. It's nice if it is, but it doesn't have to be. In some ways, we might move faster in a virtual world because we're not waiting for a resource to be there. Maybe somebody at the plant can't make a meeting, but they can if it's done virtually. And so in some ways, it might shorten the sales cycle. I do believe this. I believe it's expanded the demand because the marketplace is more appreciative of a great supply chain partner after the last six months than maybe they were in the past. And when I say expand, my example earlier with government, I think a lot of those folks would kind of look at us in the past and say, you know what, that's different and we don't do different. And now they're looking and saying, we need to do different, we need to embrace change. So I think it's expanded it. I see we're at about two minutes before so I'm sorry, I won't give you a follow-up, sorry. But Holden’s available right after the call. I’d just like to close with my thanks to the Fastenal team for everything you've done. Not just the last three months, but for the last six months and frankly for the years. Many of you have been with us years and you've seen us through good times and bad. And we find success together. I want to thank our shareholders for participating today. And in closing, on October 28, my wife and I will celebrate 25 years and Jen, thanks if you're listening. Have a good day, everybody. Take care.
Holden Lewis: And I might chip in a couple of things, Dave, first on the market size. The numbers that Dan cited were numbers that we sort of derived some time ago. We haven't necessarily updated them on a regular basis, but we do touch base with the owners of those businesses and there's not a belief that anything has changed in terms of that opportunity. In fact, when you hear Dan describe the performance that we have in some of the educational facilities and government facilities, that was not a market that was envisioned in the original study. And so we're seeing – in addition to the opportunity exists in the original study, we're seeing expansion of the potential applications. As it relates to the LIFT performance, right now, we still got relatively few. I think we will ramp up the rollout on that based on the performance. And so we don't have a lot of sort of longstanding metrics that we can hang our hat on. But in our oldest one, we did see things such as the dollars per FTE in those regions get better and the signings improve in that region and quite frankly the service level as measured by the number of returns improve. And so, yes, I think you're right. The initial data from the initial rollouts of the LIFT have been encouraging enough that I think you'll see us put more of those in the market in their various capacities and forms, and perhaps accelerate that in the coming 18 months.
Holden Lewis: Well, I think we talked about second quarter – again when we think about surge, I'm really confining the dialogue to second quarter because I don't really know how you differentiate surge from market share gains from customers that are restocking post an issue or pre-stocking in anticipation – I don't know how to differentiate that in Q3 and beyond. And I believe last quarter we talked about 350 million to 360 million in surge revenue that one conclusion could be that it may not recur, but one thing I would point out and talked a little bit in my presented remarks or my prepared remarks was we are winning business. If I think just about healthcare and government, in the second quarter we had 5,400 accounts that we did not have in the first quarter. Now remember, in our system, an account is not a customer. A customer can have multiple accounts. But we have 5,400 accounts with customers in the second quarter in healthcare and government that we did not have in the first quarter. In the third quarter, of those 5,400, in July, 1,000 of them ordered again. In September, I think 850 of them ordered again, right? So that surge business of 350 to 360, will all of it replicate? I mean, we hope not, right? To some degree, we’d like this whole COVID thing to back off. But some of that is being replaced with regular way business with customers that we raised our profile with that we didn't have that we now do, and we’ll retain some of that. And so I suppose the quick answer is 350 to 360, but I don't think that the whole is going to be that big. But unfortunately, I'm not really sure what that is at this point. We're going to need more time to really sort of evaluate the data and understand the marketplace and how it evolves. I think that's just some perspective that's worth providing.
Holden Lewis: And let's not forget as well, because obviously I know the point of the question and understand that. When we're copying against that product, we're also copying against the fastener business that was down 17%, 16%-17% in the same period that --
Holden Lewis: And 7% this quarter. So, I understand the point of the question, right? I mean, there certainly is a difficult comparison to be had in Q2, but just bear in mind that we have an easy comparison in fasteners if the market has come back at that point. And we do believe that we have picked up market share and so that 350, 360 doesn't just go away completely because we picked up business we didn't have in Q1 last year.
Holden Lewis: I'll give mine and Dan can give his, but I think it's reaccelerating the growth driver activity. And again, part of that is simply when do customers reengage with us because that kind of shut down during the second quarter as our customers are dealing with some more pressing issues at the time. But those growth drivers is our key to what allows us to gain market share. And so when Dan talks about the hundreds, the hundred vending a day and the hundred onsites a quarter, I think sort of getting back to that level, give or take, of signings for our growth drivers is critical not only for 2021 growth, but probably more importantly for 2022, 2023, et cetera. We're built on growth drivers and growth and those are sort of core to it. So that's I think a very important element for us right now.
