Dan Florness: You know I won't be surprised. As far as the residual number, which is ultimately the number that matters, that 20% plus, I see no change there, maybe a bias for increasing it, but time will tell on that one. I wouldn't be surprised, given what we saw in the last year, and some of the things we're doing as we get deeper and deeper with some of the larger customers and are looking at different types of business and options there, I wouldn't be surprised to see the 46, us drop below the 46. But in those discussions, I oftentimes cited the 46, 24, 22 was a number that that we aspired to. I think ultimately when you have a branch network, where the average branch is north of 200,000 a month versus 130,000 to 150,000 like it is today, and in Onsite network, that's a bigger percentage of the business, I feel comfortable saying that any gross margin that the mix pulls us below that 46 threshold also pulls us below the 24 threshold. And so, that plus 20 thought process of when we're a $10 billion organization, I feel as good about that today as anytime in the last five years.
Dan Florness: Just couple added tidbits I'll throw in there. One element Ryan is frankly fatigue, that sets in from the standpoint of I'm going back one more time. And that's an element, that doesn't mean you don't get it. But that makes it challenging in the short term. The other piece is the vast majority of what we're seeing, we don't view as transitionary. But there is a transitionary component, and that is with the congestion at the ports, we're doing fill-in buys and we estimate right now that the magnitude of fill-in buys that we do this year will be about five times what we see in a typical year, there's always issues that come up, there's a spike in demand, and we need to do a fill-in buy, there's an issue with production from a manufacturer or shipment that do fill-in buy. But the magnitude is so much bigger right now. And a piece of that is transitionary and that piece that you might not capture.
Dan Florness: Part of it is, I don't know if we know the answer to that. Keep in mind that the incredible majority of our business is B2B and what we saw during COVID is a lot of habits changed. In your personal life, I suspect there's things you do today and how you procure items for your personal life that are different from what they were a year and a half ago. Well, that's true with our customer base, too. It's true at both the B2B and then a piece of it is, I don't know if I'd call it B2C, but maybe it's B2b where it's a local business that just buys doesn't even have an account. And we really encourage that customer, we can be a better partner for you and we can provide you a higher level of service by ordering electronically, and we'll have it ready for you. Part of the reason for we aren't necessarily removing some counter labor, part of it is it doesn't exist. So our business, our branch based business is up 20 some percent, our FTE at the branch is up less than 1%. And that isn't my choice. That's what's available. And so part of it is off to the COVID, part of it's legacy, because we don't have some of the staffing we want. Part of it, we do believe this is our model for the future. And we believe it's a better model.
Dan Florness: The priority is very simple, have a plan. And that plan involves know who your larger opportunities are in the marketplace and make sure you're engaging with those customers, know who really understand the potential of your existing customers in the market and engage with that customer and then have a plan for everybody else. And that means when something is ordered electronically and it's a smaller customer serve the heck out of that customer, meet that customer where it works for both parties, and that means if somebody orders it, if it's in the branch, it's ready for them in a short window of time for them to come in and pick it up. If it's something that's not in the brand and some distribution center, we get it in the next morning. And it's in a locker at 7 o'clock in the morning, or it's ready for the customer to pick up in the branch at 7 o'clock in the morning. So, you're very mindful of what is your plan because the bulk of the dollar opportunity is coming from the larger opportunities in the market. That's just math, but you want a nice mix to your business, because it helps to be a great partner to a wide range of customers. And we can be a special business because we can fulfill transactions faster than our industry because of our local stocking and our captive distribution network. We have a better cost structure to our industry. We have a better fulfillment cycle to our industry, and it's incredibly reliable. And we have that local team that can react to the unexpected. And that's what froze up for so many companies in the second quarter of 2020. They don't have the decentralized something special local that can react to the unexpected.
Dan Florness: Simple answer, no, it's not more challenging. There's ample opportunity out there. What is challenging is in the last 15, 16, 17 months of the proposition I'm talking to a customer moving in with them, when they want to be distanced from everybody on the planet. Imagine having an apartment, you bring in a roommate it's kind of the same concept. You just don't -- you don't want to be around people. And that's changing. And so seeing that expand, some things that, if you think about vending, which we've been doing now for 13 -- going on 13 years, when vending really took off for us, in that latter part of 2011, 2012 standpoint. In the following year, we were pulling out 25%, 28% of the devices that we would install, because some of them are just bad. And we didn't know what we didn't really know what we're doing yet, because we were creating an industry. And then that went to 22%. And then it went to 18%. And then as our participation and our knowledge base across the organization improved today 13 years later, we remove every year about 12% of our devices. We think we can get that to 10 with our list strategy, and some of the things we're doing to make it a little bit easier to serve FMI devices, but we think we can get that 10, but it's still 10%. The real question is what is that natural number for Onsite? And five years into a really hard push, unfortunately, a year plus of that five years is COVID. And so I don't know that we know what that number is. Now, we do know that about half of the Onsites that we close are because the customer moved the facility or closed down the facility. And the other half are, we pulled some back, we lose some visitors. So, there's a number of dynamics. There's some where we grow it from 30% to 60%. And we get stuck at 60%. And as Holden mentioned a few minutes ago, we've just moved back to the branch, because it's more efficient for everybody. Or the customer kicks us out, because they're out of room. And I don't like Onsite closers, but I know and I don't like FMI devices coming back, but I know it's part of the business, and the real question is, can we as an organization, over time, outgrow our industry can gain market share more efficiently, more productively, and we'd be redundant quicker than everybody else, so we can do that with Onsite and FMI devices and all the things we're doing. I love the business.
Dan Florness: Yes, I'm not quite sure how to answer your question from the standpoint of if the social distancing in the plan means their production is down 20%, and we're supplying OEM parts, OEM fasteners, it would impact us 20% in that plant. If it's MRO it would impact us directionally.
Dan Florness: Yes, but they usually go hand-in-hand. But when it comes to vending the FMI devices for the vending machine over half the revenue there is PP&E. And that's directly related to how many human beings are in that plant, and for how many hours of the day. And so, if there's a smaller number of human beings, but they're spread out over multiple shifts, so the same amount of hours are being worked. I wouldn't expect safety to be impacted. It might be higher, because people are much more conscious about safety that today than about wearing a mask or wearing gloves or doing anything. People weren't better about washing their damn hands today than they were a year-and-a-half-ago. And so, to that extent, you might have fewer people and more consumption. Because everybody's saying, do this, do this, do this, and you're more conscious do it.
Dan Florness: But I don't really specific to Onsites either. I mean, if what your time as labor productivity in general, I mean that could be true broadly. But sector has gotten more productive over time. And we continue to drive safety revenues, because we continue to gain market share, we think that opportunities still there.
Dan Florness: I actually thought you were going a different place with the question. And I thought you were going to the place of, if it's really difficult to hire, does that help your ability to sign Onsites, because it's difficult for your customer to hire. I would say it sure doesn't hurt. And but it's difficult for us to hire for that too. It's just that -- it's a more efficient model. So the customer doesn't need to hire three people and maybe we need to hire one. And so it becomes an enhancer, but it's -- I don't know how you quantify that.
Dan Florness: Yes, I mean you have to make an adjustment, obviously for the pandemic and the search sales, which I've done. And if you compare our growth than anything I indicated fasteners grew 28%. And if you take out the pandemic would have been comparable across the business. I think if you compare that to what industrial production has done during the quarter, or to any of the industry surveys that are out there, I think that you would see that we outgrew them -- outgrew growth and both of those measures. So, we feel good about the continued market share gaining capabilities of the business.
Dan Florness: Yes. I tell you what, I'm going to ask Holden to take that one offline, because we're right against the hour and I, we're pretty strict. We try to hold this to an hour because we realized we're on earnings season and the analyst community isn't on the call to jump on, or stop the review. So, we'll take that one offline. But thank you to everybody for participating in the call today and to the Fastenal team on the call. Thanks for what you did in the second quarter. Good luck on third.
Holden Lewis: The focus internally, Dave, is that, everybody who is involved in selling make sure that on every individual relationship, every individual transaction that they get the value that they deserve based on the value that we bring to the relationship. As long as we do that, whatever the mix does, because of our growth, the mix does, but as Dan indicated, there's been no change in our expectation that we're going to be at 20% to 22% operating margin business and a 25% plus return on capital business. There's no change in that.
Holden Lewis: Well, I would say it has as much to do with simply the rate of increases as much as anything else. You didn't see an uplift in price in Q1, and then it's kind of stayed there, right? You've continued to see those increases build and much as we saw during the period of tariffs and inflation, when you see a rapid rate of ascent that continues on for a period of time, it can be difficult to maintain the pace, particularly when you have a business like ours that where over half of it is national accounts and contract business. So, now much like in the prior period, do we think that that you catch up to this, absolutely. And I've always said that I feel like if you achieve price cost parity anytime within a quarter ahead to two quarters behind, that's kind of what the business supports. And I still believe that's true. But there's always timing involved when cost is trending. And that's the situation that we have today. We've gone to the marketplace for different purposes a couple times done at least one large increase earlier in the second quarter. And that was received fairly well but based on what cost is doing, we'll have to go to the market with some additional ones. To this point, we continue to hear from the field that that customers are still so busy and receiving it from so many areas, that it's not been a huge bone of contention. But there are timing issues around costs and around contracts that that we navigate every cycle, will navigate this one too.
Holden Lewis: What I'd probably add, Ryan is if you think about the amount of revenue that's being impacted here, I mean the cash business, just what is paid to us in actual dollars and cents credit card is about 2% of our revenue. I mean, it's not a huge number. If I think about those accounts, that are $250 a month or less that's 4% of our revenue, but it represents more than 80% of our active accounts. And so what we're essentially trying to time to think through is, how much labor are we putting into 80% of our accounts that represents 4% of our revenues? And when we think about the development of e-commerce, and you see in this quarter, our e-commerce, our web sales, e-commerce is up north of 60%. That wasn't entirely because of our conversations with the smaller customers about how we can service that model. But a part of it was certainly because of that. So we don't view it as walking away from a lot of revenues, we view it as aligning the best way to service different groups of customers within our branch in a way that in turn frees up time for our people to sell. So let's take the question earlier, we created a Lift program to free up time for our people to sell to customers that are really going to move the needle. The things that we're doing in the branch is really intended to be very much the same thing. And what I'll tell you is I'm not sure this model is a whole lot different from what we did 15 years ago. So, it's a bit of an evolution towards that if you will. So, you asked what we're giving up. This just seems like a refinement in the model to focus on key accounts that can really move the needle and free up a lot of time for talented salespeople to go after those accounts. And we think that makes us grow faster at one tidbit. And that is, I'm probably more sensitive to this change than most. I think I grew up on a farm in Wisconsin, and I think of my dad would be what I would have just described as a B2 small business. He basically had himself; he and my mom ran the farm. The kids helped, but they did the real lifting, but it was a small business. And I'm very conscious of -- we want to serve that customer too. And how do we figure out the best way to serve it? So when I see web feedback come in and I read every web feedback that comes in. I've called quite a few customers over the last year and a half. To understand some of the feedback's positive, some of it's negative, it's a rare conversation I don't come off it with the response from the customer saying, I didn't know you guys could do that. Hell, I'd rather buy from you that way. That's how I do a bunch of stuff in my personal life. I just didn't know. You guys did that, because I think as the hardware store in Rice Lake, Wisconsin, and so, I think the market wants us to do it.
Holden Lewis: And I think what you do with that time is it frees you up to spend more time in front of those key accounts where those large volume opportunities are, and what comes out of that is going to be determined by that conversation. And so do we think its more Onsite probably because we think Onsites to bring a tremendous amount of value. Is it more FMI probably because we think that brings a tremendous amount of value, but ultimately remember, Josh, our model is set up, so that we don't have one solution for a customer. We don't have one solution for each of the customer's plants. We have a different solution that's tailored to each plant for each customer. And when we're out having a conversation about how we can do that, when we have more time to have that conversation, we suspect more Onsites will come out of it. We suspect more digital footprint is going to come out of it, but ultimately it's about the conversation with the customer that gains us share as a supply chain partner.
Holden Lewis: Well, since the level of how does it seem to have changed during COVID or after COVID. I guess I'd say that it's been a little sticky. If you've talked to the folks in Onsite, I think they would say the 27 and the quarters have been elevated. And I think that if we were at a piece of 80, I don't think that would surprise anybody. A pace of a hundred is probably a little bit more than you might've expected. Why that is. I'm not sure. Now each quarter, we again, we go through why we're seeing closings and what we take out of that is the large majority of those closings continue to either be a plant being shut and the volume going elsewhere, or going to a different geography or simply a decision on the part of somebody at Fastenal to say this isn't actually working out as an Onsite. We think we can service this just as well, if not better at a branch, and we're going to take it back there and do it that way. And that continues to be the vast majority of the closures that we see as opposed to those fewer cases where it's we've lost the business, which does happen, but it's the minority of those closures. So, in the case of the first, there is not much we can do about plants moving, right. In the case of the second, we're making a business decision and I can't tell you it's a bad decision. In the case of the third that happens, every now and again, you lose a piece of business, but for the most part, what we're not seeing is our competitive moat around Onsite to get the grade, and that's why we're seeing closings. We just haven't seen any indication of that. So that mix hasn't changed, and that answer hasn't changed and that's I guess where I'd leave it and we're as excited about Onsite as we'd been in the last decade.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I mean it's -- well, I guess we'll always argue over what we find to be unusual circumstances that we should guide for, I guess I'm not doing it the same way this time around. But I mean, I think if you think about the dynamics around gross margin, right? I mean the last couple of months we've seen costs of overseas transportation go up and that goes through our cost of goods, right. Obviously the cost of fuel not a big expense, but continues to go up. If you think about the fill-in buys that Dan referred to earlier, those are going to continue to be at a fairly high clip. If we think about price costs being a wild card, I don't think that our second quarter is going to be $46.5 million. I would not be surprised to see a taper off from that level. But where that goes as orders me, I'm sorry. When I say second, sorry, third quarter. Yes, I fully expect second quarter to be $46.5 million. I don't expect third quarter to be at that level, I think that there's just, forces in the marketplace that are going to work against that before you talk about price cost. And then, there's the wildcard about our level of achievement on price costs. And that it'll be clear, we have plans for pricing. We have systems for pricing. We're not writing off the idea of being neutral price costs. We're going to work very hard to maintain that. And I think there's a good chance we could be, I'm just saying that the pressures are going up, and we have to be respectful that.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And I think the reason we look at it every quarter, why those closings happen, it's just so that we understand why. And when you think about that, typically I think people think about a closure as a loss of revenue and in the large -- in the majority of cases a closure of an Onsite is not a closure, it's not a loss of revenue, in fact, to the extent that there was some progress at the Onsite at the original inception we might be bringing more to the branch than less than initially. And so, when you think about the closure rate, think about cut it in half, because a bunch of the business, we're still maintaining. And then as Dan indicated, there's some historical precedent here with vending. We ran hard and fast to sort of get into the marketplace. We learned a lot. And as we learned a lot, we sort of cleaned up some things that maybe we did when we were -- when we're early on in the initiative, and then we were smarter and more efficient coming out of it. I think we're really following a very similar pattern here.
