Holden Lewis: Well, I think if you look sort of sequentially at how things usually play out with gross margin, historically we’ve seen an uptick in Q1 over Q4, but over the last three years really the Q4 to Q1 cadence has been more flattish, and I think a lot of that has to do with sort of the inherent volatility in gross margin in Q4. It can be difficult to predict. We’re moving into a quarter where we’re going to see how the tariff price cost dynamic plays out. We still have an inflation price cost dynamic playing out. I think if what you’re asking about is what you should think about in terms of sequential gross margin, I would think about Q1 looking somewhat similar to where Q4 comes in. 
Holden Lewis: Well, what I’ll emphasize is we have improved our price realization each quarter this year, and setting aside the question of tariffs, just looking at generalized inflation, I would expect that that’s going to continue as we enter 2019. Given that, the question really comes down to what do we expect out of costs as we go into 2019. I’ll tell you that as much as we’ve realized the incremental pricing, we’ve also realized incremental costs each quarter this year as well, so we still see pressure there, quite frankly. But that said, we are making a lot of progress in terms of our ability to realize price. We talked a little bit about the pricing tools that went in, in midyear 2018, we talked a little bit here about how we’ve sort of re-jigged the group a little bit to give us a bit more focused information, etc., and I think that’s going to continue to provide us some additional incremental benefits. Our expectation in 2019 is that we’re going to continue to narrow and, frankly, get rid of the gap that exists today between price and cost.
Holden Lewis: What I’ll add to that, David, is yes, I do believe that the vast majority of the conversations have been had. In fact, when I asked why our signings of onsites were perhaps a little bit lower in Q4 than we’d seen the rest of the year, one of the answers I got was, because of all the time and attention that we diverted to having those conversations. So those groups, both locally and international accounts, have worked really hard to have those conversations in a compressed period of time, and they came to those conversations with a great plan and, every bit as important, with great data which allowed us to define the issue fairly precisely. It’s a known issue, and I think those are the elements that have given--that make us be very encouraged about how those conversations have gone down.  We do believe that those conversations have been generally successful. The costs related to the 10% tariff will begin to roll into the P&L in the first quarter, but frankly I think that most of the agreements that we’ve reached with many of our customers will also begin to roll in, in that January and February window as well. What that means in terms of the incremental price cost in the January-February time frame, time will tell, but that’s just a timing issue. Like I say, we’re encouraged by how those conversations went and we’re sort of expecting that we’re going to largely be able to neutralize the tariff impact. 
Holden Lewis: Well, that’s why we began to build some cost into inventory in the fourth quarter, based on when the containers began to hit the shores at the end of September. We expect that we will begin to see that inventory that’s currently sitting there roll into cost of goods as we get into the first quarter. That was all expected, Ryan. We knew that there would be some impact on the inventory side of the ledger, but it will take some time for that to roll through. But the nature of the tariffs as opposed to our usual purchasing was going to compress that window. That’s why we spent so much time talking to investors in a very tight window, is because we knew how that was going to roll out in Q1. I think the effects you’re alluding to are certainly playing out, but our original goal was to have pricing conversations ready to roll out as we began to see the costs shift off the balance sheet and into the income statement, and we think that we have largely achieved that goal. Going forward, we’re going to continue to see the containers move through the inventory and into the COGS as sort of comparable rate, and we should begin to see the pricing in Q1 and then Q2 related to that specifically, and that’s how we tend to view it. I’m not sure that I see a huge difference between the first half and the second half as it relates to the tariffs. 
Holden Lewis: Well, currently we’re assuming that we continue to grow double digits. Now however the cycle plays out will have a lot to say about that, but we believe that the momentum that we have in our growth drivers is going to continue. We think that we’ll continue in the current environment to improve the price profile, so the real question is what does the cycle do. But at least through Q4, demand is still fairly healthy, so we’re assuming we’re going to grow double digits in order to achieve that.
Holden Lewis: Just to finish off the last part of that, so yes, with regards to tariffs, we do expect that the success we’ve had will allow us to neutralize that. That’s a different conversation from price costs. Price cost, I think was about a 30 basis point drag to our business for the year. Our intention is to eliminate that drag, and we’ll see how that plays out over the course of the year, but our expectation is to eliminate that drag.
Holden Lewis: Yes, sure. I don’t want to give the impression that mix is not important as something that we need to mitigate, right, because we do need to find ways to improve our profitability, and to the extent that whatever the mix number is, we should be able to reduce it just through other activities. But let’s not lose sight of the fact that the mix is going down or the mix is a drag on gross margin because we’re getting tremendous growth in our growth drivers. I don’t think I’ve ever asserted to you that our gross margin was unlikely to decline provided we are successful with our growth drivers, but it is still incumbent upon us as an organization to do everything we can to maximize our gross margin and mitigate the impacts of that, but you shouldn’t have any expectation that our gross margins are going to be flat to going up as long as we are successful with these growth drivers.  Look - onsites have a gross margin in the neighborhood of 35%, give or take. It’s just math, right? I mean, if we’re going to grow that business 40%, take out the transferred sales it’s 20%, the math is going to tell you it’s going to be difficult for us to expand our gross margin in that environment. But it’s a real big reason why we’re outgrowing everybody else in the space, so we’re not as hung up with the idea of offsetting mix fully as perhaps your question suggests that we should. But that said, price cost, that should be in our control. We know when our costs are rising, we know what we need to offset, the market should allow it, and we should be able to go to our customers and say, look, we’re not trying to take advantage here, this is what the marketplace is doing, this is what we need to be doing. That’s something that’s about our discipline as an organization. It’s a very different conversation than the one about mix. 
Holden Lewis: Yes, I mean, whatever the number is, if we could backfill it, obviously it would be flat, and we always try to backfill. But the fact is, it’s difficult to find those in any given period, so no, I think we’ve been fairly open that if we’re going to be this successful with our vending and our non-fasteners and our onsites, in all likelihood over a period of time, our gross margin will go down. That doesn’t mean, by the way, that our operating margin needs to go down. We get tremendous leverage from the growth that we’re seeing, and we saw that this year as well. I think the dynamic you saw this year is very comparable to the dynamic we expect to continue to see. Now, I’ll tell you, mix expanded beyond that 20/30 in 2018, and it did so because if you think about it, national accounts in 2017 grew 14.5%, it grew 18% in ’18. Onsites grew 35% including transferred revenues in 2017, they grew 42% in ’18. Non-fastener accelerated. With those accelerations, we did see an expansion in the impact from customer mix, but again, we can’t lose sight of the fact that growth in national accounts going from 14.5% to 18% also drives more dollars to the revenue line that we then have leveraged at the operating expense line. That’s how our model works at this point. 
Holden Lewis: Oh, okay, I got it. Yes, I mean, the element of price cost was a drag in a lot of these areas, right? I think I indicated price cost was about a 30 basis point drag to margin for the full year, and I think that that affected the margin in most of the channels and products that we’re in. Now, it affected fasteners more than non-fasteners without a doubt. It was probably more significant in the local business than it was on the onsites and the national accounts, etc. There was some differential, but price cost was a challenge across the business.
Holden Lewis: Sure. Frankly, my rule of thumb model for our balance sheet would be a slight increase in days on the AR, simply because of the growth in national accounts and growth in international businesses. But you know, a meaningful multi-day decrease in days of inventory, that’s how we would like to build it out. Now, the reality is right now, there are some challenges that by the back half of 2018 it was very difficult for us to achieve those. We have to take steps in 2019 to get back on the track that I just laid out. We’re not there right now, but we have plans to begin to try to address that.  Normally what I would tell you is for the full year, we should convert more than 100% of our net income into operating cash flow, and this year the biggest reason why we did not was because of working capital, and the expectation is that as we go into 2019, we should be able to deliver that. The challenges obviously are related to the inflation and tariffs and things like that, what impact that might have on inventory. That’s sort of the rule of thumb that I look at when I think about the balance sheet. We have to show that we can deliver to that again in 2019, because 2018 was a struggle and the variables that caused it to be a struggle in 2018 have not gone away.  As it relates to a downturn scenario, traditionally if it’s a short, relatively normal downturn, we need less working capital in that environment, and our cash flow is traditionally pretty stable and steady. 
Dan Florness: Thanks Chris. Just one item I’ll add to Holden’s commentary. When I think of the dynamic that’s going on right now, whether it’s inflation or tariffs in general, I think this is a huge opportunity for the Fastenal supply chain capabilities where we can flex our skill set. I mean that from the standpoint we’re not a fulfillment company, we don’t just supply you what you ordered, we also challenge in the process of saying, you know, the item you’re ordering, based on what we know about your business, we question if that’s optimal for your business. Sometimes it’s substituting the product from the standpoint of the durability of that product, does it fit, either is it adequate or too adequate to the demand of the use, but also we have great partner brands, we have great exclusive brands, and sometimes it’s coming to a customer and saying, you’ve used this same brand for years, we have this brand that we actively support and we have a better price point on, a better cost point which translates into a better price point, and we can offset inflation and/or tariffs by actively substituting, and that comes from an active engagement with knowing how the customer is using it and where their pain points are, where they’re willing to be flexible and where they can’t be flexible. I think that’s an important component of Fastenal’s supply chain.
Dan Florness: You know, the agreements we have allow for windows for discussions. We’ve talked about this in the past of when pricing can change. Legally, you can do things beyond that from the standpoint of there’s always force majeure elements of contracts. We’re not a fan of that up or down, because we don’t think that’s part of a supply chain partnership. We’re having active discussions with the customers. The discussions are going quite well. Are some more successful than others? Yes, a lot of times it depends on where we find success in the things I just mentioned - the ability to substitute, the alternative sources of supply, the level of service trade-offs, are we growing our business, etc., but we’ve been largely successful. We’re seeing some price increases that are going into place as we speak and will be going in place over the upcoming months. In regard to the specifics of what happens when it goes from 10 to 25, or what happens when it unwinds, you can talk through scenarios but there’s no agreement that contemplates the--I don’t know if I want to use the word craziness or the noise, or all the stuff that’s going on in the marketplace, so it’s going to be a fluid environment on all regards.  The one thing, we did put through some price increases that took effect in mid-December, and in those we just--we really had a discussion with our customers, saying you know what? The tariffs started on September 24, here is the latency we’re putting in, these tariffs unwind, here’s how we’ll unwind the tariffs in those discussions, and really having the same kind of latency. The idea was trying to match up as best you can where it’s impacting your P&L, where it’s impacting your business, and having a fair trade-off on the in and out because there are going to be distinct lines in the sand. But it’s not a foregone conclusion that the 10 or 25, what’s going to happen when or if, some or all of it remains there essentially and perpetually. 
Dan Florness: The only thing I’ll add to Holden’s commentary, and this is putting my old hat on for a second, is when I think of our business just holistically and I think about over the years, we’ve had roughly 160 days of inventory, plus or minus a handful, and I’m not going to get into exacts but just holistically, about 100 of those days were physically at the branch and about 60 of those days were physically at the distribution center. Now in the case of a lot of our products, and I’m setting vending aside and I’m setting OEM fasteners aside, in the case of a lot of our products, that kind of mirrors where the replenishment cycle is coming in, and really what put us in a position of having these discussions and having a little bit of a window to react to them. But that product that was in the branches is now we’re three months away from--a little bit over three months away from the start of tariffs, that product that’s going into the branches is starting to get replaced with stuff that was coming in, and so you’ll see bits and pieces of it coming in in January and February and March. They’ll be building as they go through the quarter. The full steam will really hit in Q2. 
Dan Florness: The one thing I’ll add to that, Ryan, is if you look at it in the last couple years, Terry Owen--we had our board meeting yesterday and Terry Owen came in and talked to the board about--Terry oversees a big chunk of our behind-the-scenes business, so all of our national accounts team, our solutions people, which is onsite, which is vending, our government, our marketing folks, our finance that support national accounts, all those things rolled into one. Those are the bedrock of our growth drivers. We’ve added 30% more people into his team or teams over the last three years, and so when you look at that non-branch, the sales headcount that’s non-branch, that’s the part I’m talking about. We plan to keep adding aggressively into that area because that customer letter I talked about, that’s reflective of what that group does, as well as our local team and the district manager, of bringing that type of execution to our customer. So in a double digit environment, we’re going to keep growing that group aggressively to support what we’re doing. Obviously if we’re weren’t in a double-digit environment, I’d have to go to Terry and I’d have to go to a bunch of folks in the organization and say, hey folks, tighten the belt because we don’t have the luxury to add that.  But before I stepped into this role, one thing I learned from this population quite acutely is great incremental margin if you’re not growing doesn’t matter. Now it’s changed a little bit - great growth where you don’t have great incremental margin doesn’t matter either, and I agree with both statements. But we want to be very mindful of growing infrastructure to be great at onsite because this is--just like vending, it’s incredibly disruptive to the space, and we are designed to be the best at this, so let’s go after it with a vengeance. 
Dan Florness: We think we have a good plan to do it, yes, and that would be part of achieving that incremental margin.
Dan Florness: I’ll just throw in a couple thoughts, just after being here for 20-plus years, I’m the old guy so I can give a little perspective. The interesting thing about a distribution business, it’s a working capital business. We have a little bit more fixed capital in our business now because of things like vending and automation in our warehouse and the fact that we have our own trucking network, but it’s really a working capital business. When we put up good growth, the number Holden just cited, that 100%, that becomes more challenging, and historically I would expect our number if we’re putting up good growth to pull down in to the mid-90s as a percentage of earnings, because your AR and your inventory are growing faster because you’re supporting an ever growing business. That’s considered a good problem.  The dynamics have changed a little bit on that math because our tax rate is lower now, so we produced a higher--the 100 of earnings isn’t 100 of earnings anymore, it’s a little bit higher, so you can--it raises that relationship. If I look at when growth really stalls, I mean, the best year we’ve had for operating cash to earnings as a percentage, the best year that I’ve ever seen was 2009. I hope that never repeats itself. We threw out more cash than you could imagine because the business slowed down, and if you don’t have more sales, you don’t have more receivables. If you don’t have sales growing in the future, you don’t need to be beefing up your inventory. The only dynamic that can muck that up is if it slows down quickly because we can’t shut off the inbound inventory fast, but the receivables would drop off as the sales drop off.
Dan Florness: With that, I see we’re at 9:59. I just want to close the call with a few final thoughts. First off, thank you for participating on our call today. Thanks for your interest in Fastenal and for being a shareholder in Fastenal.  One thing for us to think about as we’ve moving from a $5 billion to a $10 billion company and you start thinking about gross profit, operating expenses and operating margin, the message internally is quite clear for our employees. As our business evolves, if I looked out to that $10 billion company and I was just putting a guess of where I think the numbers are, I think gross margin--if the mix ends up where I think it’s going to be, I think the gross margin is around 46 and I think there’s some things we have to do to get better at, to be at 46. Is there upside to that? Sure, but in planning for that 46, I also tell our team we need to plan on operating expenses being in the lower half of the 20s. Twenty-four is the number I always think of, and that allows us to be in a position where we could throw up operating margins at 22. I think that’s very realistic.  If I look at regions where we have a lot of onsites and a mature business, the midwestern U.S. as an example, we’re above those numbers. This is a conservative view of the future, but I look at it and say, if I look at Page 9 of Holden’s flip book, the question a shareholder needs to ask himself is Fastenal is investing to grow rapidly - we’ve added 30% to our key account teams in the last three years. Technology, we decided three years ago to spend 50 basis points more every year to become a leader in technology in our industry, not a follower of technology in our industry. We saw with great partnerships over the years - our vending partnership for the last 10, our mobility partnership we put in place next year, we think we’re a different organization now. Fastenal Express, as I touched on in the last call, is not a train, it’s a rocket. It’s growing nicely in our business. It’s not about the revenue growth it can produce, which I think it can; it’s about the efficiency it can bring to our team.  But looking at all those things and are you interested in being a shareholder in Fastenal, looking at the return on invested capital that we throw off, that Holden details out on Page 9, I think we’re a great proposition to own and I would challenge our shareholders to step up and buy some more, just like I challenge our employees to be willing to learn and change, and we challenge our customers to be open-minded about their supply chain. That’s how we all get better. Thanks, and have a good week, everybody.
