Dan Florness: We have talked about labor management with the RVPs really coming into this year. And the premise was when you look at where the PMI is, when you look at the trend in industrial production, we needed to be looking forward and really have a plan to be cautious about hiring. Now in January and February, I will tell you that demand grew pretty healthy and I think that we added people sort of related to that. In March, obviously, we called out the demand softened a little bit. I would also point out that our hiring adds softened a little bit in March as well. We have always talked about how we can react fairly quickly to changes that we are seeing. And so the message to the field has been, you have to be prepared to adjust for a down shift in demand. And again, that’s not a message we just conveyed. We entered the year having that same conversation. And I think that they have been really responding by adding resources where they need to add it by adding the right resources. We continue to see the mix of part-timers growing in the overall piece of our business, right, where we have added full-timers, a significant portion of those are made in India, right. So I think that the organization is focused on the right metrics to understand what they need to be doing from a labor standpoint. I think they are executing on that. And I was encouraged that as demand slowed down in March, so did the sort of the hiring adds. So I think we are doing the right things.
Dan Florness: Also, if you think of the chart we’ve shared in January of each of the last several years, we talk about branch consolidations we’re near the end of that process. So if you think about – if you think just about our customer segments, so the customer where we’re highly engaged from a Digital Footprint perspective, we are their supply chain partner. Those customers rarely, if ever, come into one of our facilities. They probably don’t know we’re located. And so if you’re in a market and you consolidate a few locations, you are actually moving further away from this other segment of customer. And so if you look at where we get to that ultimate branch count, we’re probably a year away of being at that point. And that ties right into Holden’s comment as well.
Dan Florness: The other piece I’ll – from an insight perspective, if you think about our business from a product line and product use perspective, if I go back to January, so OEM fasteners is 20%, 22% of our revenue, kind of low 20s. That business was growing around 13.5% in January. In March, it grew 7%. So that is production dropping off. If I contrast that with safety, for example, our safety business grew stronger in March than it did in January. Now I honestly haven’t given that [Indiscernible] the last few days. I don’t know if there was a comp issue because some of the safety was being pushed around a little bit because of some COVID activity. But that’s a case of that business has been – it fell off a little bit in February. That, I know, was a comp issue with last year. But I don’t believe January and March had a comp issue. I think that ties a bit into the strength we’re seeing in our pending deployment. If I look at remaining products, that did also fall off a little bit, and there’ll be some production in those as well, particularly in the metalworking.
Dan Florness: When the falloff is in the OEM fastener component of the fasteners, the mix impact is different than if it’s in the MRO piece. Could be the OEM fasteners do not have a higher gross margin than our overall company gross margin. The MRO fasteners do.
Dan Florness: We are acutely aware of steel pricing and shipping costs. And that’s our covenant with our customer. We’re going to find the best quality, best price, best reliability supply chain for their business. There are always robust conversations going on. But we also operate in a very dynamic marketplace. So we’ve been seeing fastener prices stabilize for a number of months now. We’re seeing that come through in our cost of goods. And that also helps our gross margin in the short-term because we’re seeing – we were getting squeezed a little bit 6 and 9 months ago. A little bit of that squeezing is lessening right now, and you’re seeing that in through in our numbers as well.
Dan Florness: If you break our business into three components, Dave, to Holden’s point, on the fastener side, I think we’ve done a really nice job managing through it. Part of the lumpiness to it, it was some of the changes were pretty extreme. If I look at safety, we have great visibility to demand. Over half of that business is going through a vending device. So you really understand that business, and we’ve been able to manage through that quite well. We did adjust some pricing here in the – as Holden touched on, during the quarter on our remaining product lines because there, we probably weren’t – we were putting so much attention on the half of our business that’s fasteners and safety, and we were probably not as focused on the other half of the business as we should have been and we did some corrections there. So we did raise some prices on the non-fastener, non-safety piece during the quarter.
Dan Florness: I think sometimes you can be guilty of over time of – you focus on – there is enough energy in the room to focus on a handful of things. And sometimes things fall off that focus. I would say if anything, we were probably a little bit guilty of that in recent years on the freight side of the equation. And part of that, I’ll attribute it to me from the standpoint of what are the things you talk about, what are the things you push focus on. And when things get really chaotic, sometimes you have to pivot and say, hey, folks, we need to put some energy into this because this is a problem that we need to fix. And so it’s more of a case of I’d say we’re probably reverting to some of the freight pricing habits that we had 3 and 4 years ago that were maybe a little bit waning in the last several years. And COVID and all the other distractions of life came into play. The other element to it is while we lost some focus on our ability to charge for freight, we have really good at using our own trucks from moving freight. So we have those two dynamics going on. We’re probably back to where we should be on what we’re charging out and we’ve improved on how much goes through our own network, and that’s a nice one-two punch.
Dan Florness: Nigel, for what it’s worth, as Holden was answering that first question, I did take a quick look. Our freight as a percentage of sales that we charged out in the first quarter of 2022 was identical to what it was in the first quarter of 2019. In the last 2 years, it had dropped off about 30 basis points.
Dan Florness: I will touch on the last part of your question, then I will let Holden handle the meat of it. But on that last part, if you think about what happened and what we are just running through on those OEM fastener numbers, the drop-off from January to February was linked to production business. Our OEM fasteners dropped in half as far as the – relative – from 13.5% to 7% growth. And so that – there was no pricing action there. And if you look at the remaining product lines, the drop-off actually occurred 30 days after. So, I mean, it was really about the production aspect of our business, not so much the other parts of our business.
Dan Florness: No. We actually reduced – our bad debt expense was actually a benefit to our margin this quarter. We were just not seeing a significant – we are not seeing anything in our business regarding that.
Dan Florness: Well, hey, that’s the piece. The other thing is we are always adding infrastructure for what we need long-term. So, if you think about what’s going on right now, we are expanding our distribution facility in Denton, Texas and on the other side of the Fort Worth area. We are building a distribution facility in the Salt Lake market. And so we are adding capacity because we have all grown the capacity we have. If you think about our FMI, that’s quite strong right now, and that’s the capital item that we are adding. And then the last piece would be, if I think of where we have probably struggled the most in recent years to add would be on the vehicles side because stuff just wasn’t available. You couldn’t get – we couldn’t get our Dodge RAM pickups in the way we wanted to. We couldn’t get our semis the way we wanted to. That is loosening up now and so some of the CapEx is going into the transportation side. Recently, I was visiting one of our onsite locations. And I am pleased to say that I received a picture here, 1.5 weeks ago, a bunch of Fastenal trailers being produced that are coming down the production line. And so those kinds of things, we are able to get better today than we could have 6 months and 12 months ago.
Dan Florness: A good chunk of our incentive comp. And we cover this in pretty good detail, I believe in our proxy. But a good chunk of our incentive comp is tied directly to pre-tax earnings growth. So, if you think what was going on last year, Q1, Q2 and Q3 have meaningful expansion of that incentive growth. Actually, Q2 was the highest of the three, but I believe it was about $0.5 million higher in Q2 versus Q1. So, just nominally higher and then drops off in Q4. So, depending on what’s happening with our earnings growth relative to what was happening in the same quarter of the prior year, that gives us a bit of a buffer here in the first quarter and presumably in the second quarter and third quarter, unless the economy surprises us and it turns more positive, and that would be a great problem to have.
Dan Florness: Well, if you think of the growth drivers come to mind first. That’s not what your question is. But for me, growth drivers come to mind first of the structural changes we are making as far as customer acquisition both in the standpoint of physically what channel is going through brands versus onsite. And then what tool are we using within the respective channel, FMI, etcetera, to serve at a really high level in a very efficient level, our customer. If I think about things that impact our cash flow, we often talk about our covenant with our customer includes a number of things. One, finding great quality of products, great availability of products, reliability of products and great price. One of those elements, the availability, we had to take a tremendous amount of working capital inventory onto our balance sheet over the last 6 months to 18 months. And as things were chaotic could be late and actually go back several years because we took on a lot of safety products back in 2020, but that piece had been worked through. So, when I think of this year, I envision a very, very strong cash flow year, as we saw in the first quarter because we can take not days, but weeks out of our inventory on hand. We are managing our accounts receivable relationships at a really strong level. It’s basically a better CFO today than we did 10 years ago. And things like that help. But you put those things together, we have talked internally about what we call our Drive to 35. And what that is, if you look at our internal financial statements, and these would sign through externally, two of the three would, we look at our accounts receivable business unit-by-business unit. We look at fully loaded inventory, that’s local inventory as well as the allocation of distribution inventory. Then we look at our local vehicles. We look at those three assets, and we say an optimal place for us in $175,000 a month branch, a $200,000 a month branch is all 35%, that number, 35% of the annual sales. And we haven’t been able to drive towards that in the last few years because of COVID, because of inflation, because of supply chain disruption. We are going to continue moving in down towards that path. I don’t know if Holden believes we can get to 35. He is probably a 37 guy, but I believe we can get to 35. If international allows us to make Holden more right or me more right, and it’s – if we are growing really well, I am cool with the either number. But what puts us in a position to really rationalize the inventory because when you are – conceptually, when you are pulling inventory through the supply chain network, and you have great visibility of, 65% of our revenue is in this FMI footprint. We have great visibility to need. And you can manage that setting aside the disruptions like you saw last year with, hey, it’s taken an extra 30 days to get it through across the oceans and the ports and you needed to allow for that. Setting that kind of stuff aside, it’s an inherently more efficient model and – both from a working capital standpoint and from a human capital standpoint. And you have seen that shine through in both our cash pool this quarter. You are seeing it shine through in our operating expenses, particularly the questions here about components of our people cost.
Dan Florness: Thanks. I think we have time for one more question. If there is one left. I see it’s four minutes to the hour, and we look finished properly. Just one more question, we will take it, otherwise we will wrap up.
Dan Florness: We don’t have great visibility into specific end markets for the most part. What I would tell you is within the month – within a month. And certainly, within manufacturing, it can be a little bit tricky within that particular bucket. But the – what I will tell you is outside of our Texana [ph] region, which was still fairly positive on overall demand, that’s Texas and Louisiana. Very oil and gas oriented, still a really good outlook there. And so I think that market is doing well. Frankly, the vast majority of our other regions all had some variation of things softened in March. And just tell you it was pretty broad through the manufacturing space, not specific to any one market or what have you. I will add a little piece. And this isn’t stand. This is an observation. So, I had a lot of discussions with global operations entities, customers of ours or potential customers of ours over the last few days. And there were tremendous intersecting events. It was quite a few people that said, part of the reason we are here is we want to learn what you are doing from a technology standpoint to help our business. And one of the advantages when there is a breather, when there is less noise and less things you are worrying about, all of a sudden, the things you haven’t done for the last 12 months or 24 months or 36 months because the world kept repeating itself of trying to end the – I think that’s positive for our ability to take market share. And even if the business itself, the customer – if you look at our – and we talk about our top 100 customers, if you dial that in a little bit, and you start looking at our top 10, that’s what really hurt us is our top 10 customers we are – and contracting from where they were six months ago. And that’s economic. But our top, if you look at customers 10 through 50, they were growing. If you look at customers 50 through 100, they were growing nicely because we are picking up market share. And that makes me more enthused. Because long-term, our success is from taking market share every day. The economy is going to do in the short-term what the economy is going to do. We have a healthy business. We generate more cash flow in a year like this. We would rather be deploying the cash flow into the business. But in the year like this, maybe we will return at more to shareholders. But it’s the case of focusing on the long-term opportunity of the business, and I am as excited as ever. With that, it’s on the hour. Thanks for your interest in Fastenal today. Everybody, have a great April. Thanks everyone.
Holden Lewis: I don’t love the phrase move away from those type of customers. The truth is we’re trying to service them through a different model, but setting aside the semantic. I suspect just looking at how that cadence has played out in the preceding, call it, 15 months, I suspect that we will probably have some softness in that area. That transition period will probably last the bulk of this year. I think as we get into Q4 and into next year, I think you begin to sort of lap those comps. And I think we’re probably in a position where it doesn’t represent the drag on our business than it does today. So I think you are right to look at it as a transition because I think that’s what it is. And once we lap that transition, I think the growth that you’re seeing today in those manufacturing customers and those large customers, that’s going to really begin to shine as we sort of work through that transition over the next two or three quarters.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And so looping that back to Chris’ comment earlier, pardon the pun, I failed to mention that. I mean that’s another reason why those smaller customers have been relatively weaker as well because a lot of times when you go to that branch consolidation, Dan indicated, that’s the customer that no longer is visiting that location that would have otherwise been there. So that’s an element of that as well.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So the feedback from the regionals was really touched on both things that you brought up, Steve. One is they did talk about how as supply chains normalize, you’re seeing suppliers of product begin to shave back their production simply because their customers can now – they may have tried to hold extra product, and now they can sort of sort of back that up a little bit. So there is an element of adjusting to the supply chain. But I also did get a number of comments from regionals that they are also seeing our customers just tightened their wallets a bit, both in terms of capital spending as well as operating expenses. And so I think there is a little bit of both of those things, those dynamics playing out.
Holden Lewis: It would be. It would be. So I think that that’s an element. And again, it’s our most cyclical line. Dan referenced sort of the commentary about the OEM fasteners in particular. I mean today, OEM fasteners represent about 62% of our fastener business. And so when you get a slowdown of some sort in a period, it’s going to affect the volumes in the fastener side of the business. Now you’re right, it tends to be a higher margin line. And so to the degree that fasteners grow slower than the rest, that does have an adverse mix impact. I think that’s always been the case, cycle to cycle. It’s something we talk a lot about, about sort of mix impact.
Holden Lewis: And I think those conversations – I think we’ve always talked about how our objective was to talk to those customers that have the timing of our costing and we understood, as Dan said, we have a covenant to sort of adjust as appropriate. And I think our customers have been great working with us to understand when our products to be coming through at a lower cost, etcetera. And so we’ve always felt that as you get to that second quarter. There’ll probably be more activity around that and adjustments to be made. I still think that that’s probably the case that those are sort of second quarter, third quarter type activities. But again, what you should be getting a sense of is we’re trying to time any decline that we may have to have in pricing to our customers with the declines that we see in costing. And so I certainly understand the concern. But again, we – I think we’ve done a good job sort of matching price and cost. I think that the team has done a great job on this side of the cycle as well. And the objective is to be price/cost neutral.
Holden Lewis: As we sit here today, I would say no. We’re not. Again, we – that we might need to adjust pricing is not a surprise. We know where that would have to happen to actual. Again, we have pretty good visibility in our costing. And so we really do try to align those two things. And so as you know, we really didn’t have a point through the period of inflation where our pricing was ahead of our costing, and that was deliberate. As you got towards the flip side of that cycle, we actually got a little bit behind from a price/cost standpoint just because as much pricing as we put through to respond to the marketplace, it just wasn’t quite enough given how dramatic the sort of the cost side was. And all we are seeing – so as we talked about two quarters ago, we started talking about two quarters ago, we wound up having negative price cost on the fastener side. And we anticipate at the time that costing would catch up to our pricing, and that’s largely where we got to this quarter. But going forward, the idea is to – and this is a conversation we’ve been very explicitly having with customers. There will be cases where we have to reduce the price based on the variables you talked about, but we should be able to largely track that with our costing.
Holden Lewis: And I think there is – I mean there is a number of things factoring in today, some of which are long-term sustainable and some of which are sort of in the here and now. But we’ve alluded a couple of times to an increase in plant spend. As more plant spend becomes a bigger portion of our business, it becomes easier for us to plan our own logistics, right? And so we have seen our third-party freight go down, in part because of that trend. I think that’s going to continue. We did or at least are in the process of executing some route consolidation and some rescheduling of routes, which I think will bring some efficiencies into the business, it’s not just the ongoing continuous improvement of the business that I think will be sustainable. What you are referring to though is important, because as our revenues have gone up and as we focus there, the cost structure of our semis fleet is fairly stable and so as revenues go up, we actually leveraged that fairly well. The other piece in this quarter that occurred though is, one, container costs are down a lot. And that was a benefit. I think down something like 75% year-over-year. So that was a benefit. I would also point out that our container flow is down a lot this quarter because of the things we’re doing to sort of unwind some inventory. And so our container flow in the first quarter was also down 50%. Now I think those latter two issues, they are not necessarily long-term issues, that’s adjusting to sort of things that appeared in the last couple of years. I do think that they’ll last for the next couple of quarters. But things like the plant spend, lower third-party, freight route consolidation, those sorts of things, I think those are going to continue to improve the business. The big variable will be demand right, because our freight revenues aren’t different than our other revenues. If activity levels begin to drop, then freight revenue dollars may come in and then that stable cost base could work against you. And so I execution standpoint, there is some great things going on with freight in the organization.
Holden Lewis: No. We’ve tried to raise our threshold of pain that we bought at a mentioned. Can I find you an RVP that think there was some weather in January? Sure. Can I find just someone that thinks there was some in March? Yes. It doesn’t rise to a threshold that’s worth discussing. That wasn’t true in February.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I would agree with that. The – plus frankly, those price increases went in sort of late in the quarter. And so I am not sure that you would have seen responses like – that you are alluding to in such a tight window. But that said, we are not really expecting that that’s going to be adverse to those lines from a gross standpoint. The – yes, so we just – we didn’t see that. I wouldn’t expect to see that. As it relates to the overall pricing, remember, the wide range I have given is because ultimately, we don’t have a great deal of visibility as it relates to how much pricing are we going to have to give away to customers because of contracts and things of that nature, right. And so my comment, I think, was if demand softens and there is a lot of pressure to sort of adjust price based on contracts, etcetera, then maybe our pricing is down a percentage point. If that doesn’t occur because it hasn’t to this point, maybe it’s up a percentage point. And that was – that’s sort of the wild card from a pricing standpoint that sort of exists out there. Again, unrelated to price/cost, which regardless, we think will be neutral, but that’s why there is a wider range. And I think that that’s still the case. And we talked a little bit in an earlier question about, I suspect is yet 2Q and 3Q we will be adjusting some pricing. I will say, however, that I have spoken to some people before about how I think pricing comes into that zero to 2% range probably in the lower half of it if nothing changes. But we have made some changes to our pricing in that other products area. And so what I would tell you is if we never had to adjust fastener pricing, I suspect that our pricing this year will be in the upper half of that zero to 2% range. But now the wildcard becomes what do we have to do with fastener pricing, if we give a bunch of that back in 2Q and 3Q, then that upper half of the range comes down. And that’s the – we just don’t know the order of magnitude of impacted that yet. I hope that wasn’t confusing.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So again, price/cost, most of the variables that were impacting gross margin didn’t surprise us, right. The degree that mix is impacting – again, when you think about how the quarter progressed, that didn’t surprise. If I think about the price/cost elements of it, that’s playing out largely as we expected when we talked about it last quarter. Really, the only variable that was a surprise was that freight piece. We simply executed very well. And again, I do believe that most of the variables that benefited freight, I believe that those variables are going to be in place in 2Q and 3Q. So, freight may have increased my expectations around gross margin for the full year, but that’s really the one variable that played out differently than I expected it to from last year – from last quarter’s conversations.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I don’t know that I am necessarily going to walk you back. I think it’s important to understand the source, right. I mean the reason why we were able to leverage the way we did was because we are just not growing as quickly this year as we grew last year. And so again, I wanted to emphasize that I think we had a healthy payout of incentive pay of the businesses. In this quarter, it wasn’t as healthy as last year. And that’s not a surprise. But if I think about how the rest of the year plays out, we still have some pretty large numbers that we are going to lap in the second quarter and the third quarter as well. And so I do expect that we will have healthy incentive payouts in the second quarter and third quarter. We will see how the market plays out, but based on sort of how we grew in the most recent quarter, but I do believe that they will be lower than what we experienced last year. And so I think that we are going to have, for most of the year, that element of lower incentive pay year-over-year that helps us in leveraging the sort of the payroll-related expense.
Holden Lewis: And probably, the only thing I will add to that is, I mean if you talk to our sales EVPs. A lot of the things that you are seeing happened, it’s us taking advantage of things we have already installed, right. Taking advantage of the changes to sort of the branches, taking advantage of the digital footprint, taking advantage of lift, new role, specialization, all those things. We put those in place, but we haven’t necessarily maximized the benefit to our business yet. And I think that our sales EVPs believe that we will be more efficient 2 years, 3 years from now than we are today, that there is still plenty of room to run on that. I would say as well, from an inventory standpoint, we are doing a lot of things to improve velocity in our system and things of that nature. But we still have a lot of import inventory that we can work off. When we think about how far in the future we had to think about our purchasing behavior during the pandemic when constraints were there, we probably doubled our window for ordering. Right now, if we went from four months to eight months or probably back down to seven months, there is still more room to go to get closer to where we were pre-pandemic. I don’t know that we will get all the way there. Our fulfillment rates are higher. But there is still a lot more room to go. And so again, we have become – our comments about where we are as a business was intended to say we have arrived. It was to make the point that we have progressed down the road nicely, but that road still has room to run.
