Daniel Florness: In the construction front we saw slowdown in our energy customers in both May and June. And a piece of that is we're seeing projects that were still going on from a year ago that just are not being replaced. I would not look at that as a temporary one. On the temporary front we saw quite a few customers that were shut down, I think our largest impact was actually on-site we have where the customer was shut down for three weeks of the month in doing maintenance, but the week of Memorial Day in early June we saw shutdowns, we saw some shutdowns here in the over the week of July 4th and I believe those are – while they are temporary will impact third quarter as well because of the July 4th and I would suspect there'll be some over Labor Day as well.
Daniel Florness: Well, in the case in June I could comfortably say a point – a percentage point of revenue; going beyond that I wouldn't be as comfortable.
Daniel Florness: We were seeing probably more propensity for fastener prices to rise two and three months ago, while there still is – there still are examples of that, some of the propensity had lessened, but I won't – I'm less certain. I think that's probably more of a – we need some traction in the economy to make some of that become a little stickier.
Daniel Florness: There are not as pronounced. I guess, we were seeing more of that two and three months ago, and while there's still a lot of discussions both on the fasteners and the non-fasteners, I would say its probably less noise from it now than there was two or three months ago.
Daniel Florness: I don't know that my credibility is real good on that right now, given some of the statements made in the past. What I touched on is we saw about 25 basis point, 25 to 30 basis points drop largely because of a few what I'd consider internal shorter term things that we've decided that we're moving quickly on and decided to do to be honest with you. I felt we had enough momentum of other things in place to match that in short term. And my comments here are short term centered and short-term being 2016, because longer term our on-site business which runs in the mid 30s will become a -- as we gain traction in there will become a more meaningful piece. And so if you look at now a longer term three to five years I would expect some progression in our gross margin solely because of mix of business.
Daniel Florness: I plan to do a little more that in the Q3 call only because the last of our CSP convergence were occurring in that early June timeframe, so we really don't have enough time under our belt because there was a lot of activity going on in the first and second quarter and a lot of in the second quarter. In the case of the on-site, we want to get a little deeper into the year and then do some discussions on the 80 we saw in last year what we've seeing and what we're learning from it. The 92 we've signed in the first six months of this year, what we're seeing, so for the time being I'll hold off on that.
Daniel Florness: I believe we have – we talked in the November Investor Day about the number of on-site potential, the number of vending potential, and our existing store potential outside of those two, because there's a lot of national – only a third of our national account business today goes through on on-site, two-thirds of it’s outside the on-site. So there's a whole bunch of pieces to growth and I'm not even including in that the impact of international which is now getting to be a meaningful piece of our business, and a piece of our business that grew nicely both from a revenue and a profit perspective in the current quarter. But if I look at it, let's say over multiyear period we can sign 200, 300 on-sites a year. And if they truly turned into a 1 million to 1.5 million revenue growers as we move forward. A piece of our business would migrate there, but more importantly, that would provide us, I believe five points of growth when we were looking at this three and four and five years out right there. On top of what vending would do and part of the vending I'm double counting, because some of the vending would to that group of customers and then what our store base would do.  I really believe from a – just doing the math and assuming we can, we have the horsepower, because I know the markets there. The horsepower to pull it off, which I believe we have or can add, it’s a business that over a multiyear perspective could grow in low double-digits. Now we need our store piece to execute well on that environment. We need our vending piece to execute well in that environment. But I believe that's achievable. If I'm wrong on the store piece and how much we can add there it would translate that from lower double-digits to an upper single-digit, but I think in either scenario its very attractive and profitable growth.
Daniel Florness: It plays into it, yes. And that might not be a bad way to think about it. The one perspective that you know the pathway to profit that's underlying in our business within our store network is still there and so that's store network will continue to see that tick up over time. But if we go from on-sites being 15% -- you know on-sites and customer sites that group we've talked about being mid-teens, 15% of our business and that effectively doubles over six to eight year horizon. It would take a little bit out of our incremental margin, yes.
Daniel Florness: Well, the minus five with the customers that have vending, and that's really a function what their underlying activity is. And the reason I call that out is really want to talk about the market, you know, the market share gains we're seeing in that group, in that there is a world of difference between what our fasteners and our non-fasteners are doing and I look at those as two distinctly different businesses, but its really demonstrating how the growth potential of the latter. And so I'm not sure if I addressed your fasteners side question because fasteners and vending really don't go hand-in-hand, the reason I was talking about it is if the subset of our business with that group of customers that has vending, and I think it’s a pretty good proxy to their underlying activity.
Daniel Florness: No, no, I'm talking about the – the minus five is what is, what I would consider the market with that group of customers that relates to fasteners. The market share gain would be the fact that, that group of customers is growing at close to 3% and their non-fastener business is growing at close to 6%, 5.9% to be exact, that's clearly a market share gain, because that is not a rising tide in that customer.
Daniel Florness: Yes, it is. We have – I believe 1.3 million under our current authorization. I have not had discussions with my board about going deeper than that. However what I found in the past is it’s a board willing to discuss it. And so I don't want to commit the board anything deeper than that, but it’s a case of -- we had a debt free balance sheet two and half, three years ago. The debt we have on the balance sheet has solely been from buying back of shares and our in an environment where we continue to pay dividend at a very similar rate that we paid in the past. And so we demonstrated willingness to do in the past – in the past, I believe the willingness would exist during the future and I'll couch it with one caveat. We are boringly Midwestern conservative and it took us some discussions to take on the first layer of debt that we did, but we also looked at it from a standpoint from a financial decision. I don't want to say it no-brainer, but it wasn't an easy decision. And I think I would had board that would be open to the conversation, but I've not had that conversation beyond the 1.3 authorization we have right now.
Daniel Florness: I would say the piece that you've seen in 2015 and 2016 as it relates to store closings. That remains. One of things that I believe its important to our business today is that everyday you rationalize your business with a view towards five to 10 years from now. It’s a health exercise everyday are there markets where I believe we'll have more stores today than we -- five years from now we have to take absolutely, but there are markets where I believe in an environment we are adding on-sites where you are adding vending that our business might morph in certain markets. I'm not ready to you know commit to what that means, but it means that from an absolute number standpoint but from a philosophical perspective we are always looking at what is the best business model, what is the best structure to our channel to grow our business long term.
Daniel Florness: I think they potentially got a little bit worse. And sometimes that's a hard one to gauge Ryan because a lot of our internal information as it relates to some of the plant shutdowns is more anecdotal of talking to our regional VPs around the country and kind of getting from them a feel for what we are seeing or what the impact is, but very much a weakening. In the case of the construction question you raised, the point I was making there is the fact that we saw it particularly weak with energy customers and I don't know that there is enough, I don't know if the overprice is such that there is a -- that there's going to be a rush back to any kind of new construction there, new activity there I think some will be ideal for a period of time. In the case of fasteners, again that was very much related, that was amplified by the fact that with some large customers that were shut down and it really hit the radar. And that's what you really see when that shut down occurs it hits the OEM faster, because they are shutting down their production. They are still doing some maintenance, so you might not see it in the non-fastener, but you see it in the fastener number.
Daniel Florness: The June had some big impacts and so from a sequential perspective I'm not willing to concede that enormous sequential won't be there. I honestly don't know Ryan.
Daniel Florness: But I'm not -- necessarily willing to concede it because some of the shutdowns which were extended in June they are back in full force now, and so that will give us some lift from June to July and I don't even want to speculate on July fourth week.
Daniel Florness: We believe it to be true, history has said it's true but that history is on a relatively small sampling and but its enough that we think its -- if you think of what's really happening is we are taken existing relationship and we are stepping deeper into the business and we have proven history that says we can grow faster with that customer. Let's say the part about the remaining stores, you have a $100,000 store that we pull a $30,000 customer out of it and it becomes a $70,000 store. I believe based on history a $70,000 store can grow faster than a $100,000 store and I believe with the market presence they already have, they will have the ability to stand back quickly. But that's to say we are completely wrong and that, that 70,000 residual store can't grow any faster. I think what we are doing with that $30,000 customer is the right decision regardless of the aftermath, but that other 70,000 of business won't be harmed by carving that customer out, it can only be helped.
Daniel Florness: Well I guess the primary tailwind would be the piece of the activity in the second quarter that I believe is largely left behind us which is about 10 basis points. Short of that it's about what we do is from an execution standpoint and what happens to our fastener business.
Daniel Florness: With that, I see we're at actually 46 minutes past the hour. Again want to thank everybody for taking time this morning to listen to the Fastenal earnings call, and for the vision and perspective portion and I think is important, we will do better. Thank you.
