Holden Lewis: Yeah. If you -- if you'll look at -- so we have a variety of supply chain partners, some of which are domestic supply chain partners and they might be selling us in many cases branded products and that might be domestically manufactured or North America manufactured or globally manufactured item. And then you have the items that are more commodity -- in makeup and fasteners is a high player in that. That tends to be produced offshore, and that's been the case for 60, 70 years. And as you can appreciate, we upped our safety stock. And the depth of inventory we have on domestically sourced product, and if I think of our supply chain, if I think of our distribution centers and the service level that we measure with fulfillment to our branch network, we're at a very good spot there.  It's product that we bring in from overseas. That is manufactured overseas. And one thing that helps us in the process, and we've gotten some grief from -- over the years from the analyst community and justifiably so, we carry a lot of inventory, and we have inventory spread across 3400 locations, branch on-sites, and distribution centers. And so that gives us some resiliency that a lot of our peers don't have. But no, it's crushingly bad right now on a product coming in that has to go through a port, and we're not immune to that. We just have maybe a little more resourcefulness locally because some business models are so leveraged to scale that when things get tough, they kind of fall apart.  Our model is leveraged to scale, but when things get tough, our local folks step up and fill in the gaps, but it's brutally hard work. And to Dan's point, I'd probably, this is anecdotal, just feedback from the regional vice presidents that I get each month and each quarter. But to Dan's point about our ability to identify and locate product locally when we're not able to get it imported, fasteners are a big portion of that, but we certainly have the challenges in locating that domestic product, but the anecdotal feedback from the field is that we've done a better job of that than most, and we've been able to sustain service levels. And so, you're absolutely right about the difficulties on that imported product getting into our traditional supply chain, but we are finding answers to that outside of our traditional supply chain which is allowing us to retain high service levels to the customers.
Holden Lewis: You're right about the day's count and so on a sequential basis, yes. We would lose a couple of selling days. Then that's the leverage that you do give up on top of the seasonality. The fourth quarter is just typically not quite as active period as occurs in the third quarter, but that happens every year. I think if you look at history, history would suggest that the -- you would expect a flat to down 3% give or take, and that really depends heavily on compensation costs. Whether you're flat or down 3 is really driven by compensation costs, which makes sense because 70% of our operating expense line.  I will note, I think that whereas we have a difficult comparison from a day standpoint, we do have a little bit of an easy comparison from a wages standpoint. We had some wages that had -- that was over deferred into Q4 last year, and we will not necessarily replicate that this year. Slightly, it's a little bit of an easier comparison and I do think that we'll have somewhat lower growth on days and lower gross margin, et cetera. If you bank all that in, honestly, I think somewhere within that normal range still makes sense to me, David.
Holden Lewis: It was no sort of outlook. It was just simply saying -- I guess a better way to put it would be, all other things being equal, but it wasn't a prediction. As you know, my crystal ball consists primarily of the PMI, and that doesn't extend much past that beginning of Q1, as you know, so it wasn't a prediction.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. In the quarter we still had -- the definition by the way, of that retention, is, customers that had not previously purchased from us prior to Q2 last year when the pandemic began to settle in for the first time, right. So we understand the definition. We still recognize a little more than 50 million in revenue from those customers in the third quarter, down a little bit from where we were in the Q2 period, but it still represents a significant investment and opportunity within the healthcare space that derived from the environment that we've been experiencing the last 18 months.
Holden Lewis: So I think if you look historically, again, you would typically expect to see -- call it 20-40 basis points of decline from Q3 to Q4. I feel pretty good about that, to be honest. There could be a touch of upward bias to that 20-40 basis point range, but if I think about price cost being relatively stable versus where we are, etc, I think that the history here is fairly instructive and again, there might be a slight upward bias that 20, 40 basis points history, but I -- yeah, probably how I'd characterize my expectations for the quarter.
Dan Florness: I think there's a couple of fronts there. My perception would be yes, there is a struggle that's going on in the marketplace if you don't have as deep and as robust of a supply chain, and as many different places that tap into alternatives as we do. Even with our trucking network, we're able to move some stuff around that our competitors can't do because our product is incredibly expensive to move, and it's expensive for us too, but it's less expensive because we're more efficient at it.  I think the biggest risk for some of the smaller, and the folks that don't have as deep a supply chain is actually only now popping its head up because my perception is some of that fill-in buying activity of stuff that's imported by others that -- that proves to be fill-in buys, that product is becoming more scarce in the marketplace, which I believe puts us in an even better position to be serving our customer and not going through Herculean efforts to make it happen.  When we look at opportunities in that pipeline if you will, we're doing a lot more of evaluating strategic opportunities rather than simply picking off perhaps struggling competitors as a means of consolidation. That's not the primary focus when we do look into acquisitions. Ours is primarily strategic. So again, at this point, we think a better use of our balance sheet is investing in the working capital that we need to sustain the type of service levels, which will in turn put pressure on those smaller customers and allow us to gain the market share without having to pay a premium for it.
Dan Florness: Yeah, I always feel I need to also plan to a very dynamic cost environment. But I would say that our exit rate was perhaps a little stronger than our entrance rate for the Q3. And so I do believe that you'll probably have some continued edging up from the range that we experienced in Q3, in Q4. So it wouldn't surprise me if that number is a little higher. But we also keep a pretty good tab on when we expect to see container cost and things like that begin to flow to the model, and I think you're going to see that head jump in Q4 as well. So you could see incremental pricing in Q4 relative to Q3, but I think you're going to see incremental costs. I think we're currently expecting that, for all intents and purposes that, that price costs will remain neutral.
Dan Florness: Thank you. Before we take the next question. I will just throw a little added commentary and on the question about the customers that we didn't have before that are buying from us now and Holden touched on the actual statistics. I'll tell you -- I'll touch on the anecdote piece. If I go back in time, 3 years, 4 years ago, and I'd be out traveling, probably the only place I would hear about things that we were doing that were noteworthy as it related to either government or healthcare. I'd be traveling down in Florida and Bob Hopper would be telling me about the K-12 school district that we were doing business with, or that had expanded. Perhaps I'd visit a site. And we have a lot of on-sites in K-12 school districts in the Southeast, particularly in Florida early on. And then Bob would tell everybody about it and pretty soon everybody else is dabbling in it and finding success there. And then, we moved into expansion in some of the higher ed and signed some on-sites. One thing that stands out for me when I think of the last 9 months is, I periodically hear -- and it's not just coming from Bob anymore, but I periodically hear about a healthcare facility that we just signed up as an Onsite. So far, most of those that I've heard about have been tethered to a university. But, seeing traction there -- now, the numbers are incredibly small don't get wrong in the scheme of things but that's not something I heard about 15 and 20 months ago that I am hearing about as we go through each quarter of 2021.  And I see that as a positive because it widens the basket of potential customers out there. The other thing that stands out, Holden and I have ongoing conversations with our team about metropolitan areas and what's our plan for last Friday? Ee went through Minneapolis in St. Paul area. And what's our plan for this market? Every one of those discussions styles include a discussion about some traction we're getting on the government and educational front and healthcare fronts as it relates to business activity and Onsite. And again, you would have had to draw it out of people in the past. Now it's offered up as a growth opportunity in individual markets. With that, we'll take the next question.
Dan Florness: It is not intentional. I frankly, it would rather be on this call saying what we missed by a penny because we added more people, was easier to add people. And -- but my sense is it's improved some. And the most acute part for us; we build pipelines, we build sales pipelines, we build pipelines of talent, and our best pipeline for talent over the last 50 years has been, give somebody with a year, two years left of college, they're going to -- whether that's a four-year state college or a 2-year technical college. Ask them to come work for us. Tell them, "we'll get you some experience, you'll get some cash coming in", Which is always helpful to a student. And we're looking at 15-20 hours a week. But what we're really doing is dating. With the thought process be, when you graduate, we think you will like us, and we think we'll like you, and we'll get married.  And then you will join the Blue Team and grow your career. That's a tough recruiting model in the last year-and-a-half because if college is closed and kids go home, well, our model is to hire them when they're at school and not when they are 3 hours away at a home. So that devastated that. Kids are back in school now. Now we're only a month -- basically, a month and maybe 5 weeks into school. We haven't seen an uptick. that I can tangibly what my finger on, most of it's anecdotal. I believe that piece of hiring will get better and I don't know if I believe that because I'm being a glass-half-full optimist and I'm just wrong or I believe it because I think a lot of people hunger to get back to some sense of normalcy. And part of it is, hey, I need a part-time job in college. But it's not planned.
Dan Florness: As you can appreciate, sometimes at quarter-end or during the quarter, you're looking at so many different things, that I don't want to give you inaccurate information. What I can tell you is, the buffer we're building into our supply chain for import is dramatic and it's measured in weeks, not in days. And those weeks are -- I could almost say in months rather than weeks, but it's a -- and I'm trying to stall so Holden could look it up, but I don't think I'm going to get that luxury. But suffice it to say, it's [Indiscernible]. And yesterday with our board -- I'll share and insight I posed to them.  And that is -- as an organization, one of the board's obligations to its shareholders is to manage risk. And one of the things I said to the board from a risk standpoint that we have to be acutely aware of. And I don't know if that acutely aware of is 6 months from now or 6 years from now. But I honestly don't know how this is going to work its way out because a lot of capacity was taken out from the steamship lines last year and part of the issue is the capacity just isn't there. So is this something that's part of our new normal that we're going to have this kind of consternation and we need to build an extra 30 or 45 days of time into the supply chain? The risk is when that flips.  And again, I don't know if it's 6 months from now or 6 years from now. When that flips, we have to be acutely aware it's happening when it's happening because right now we sell $13 million worth of inventory a day. If all of the sudden stuff comes in three weeks faster, four weeks faster, you get -- well, 13 times 20 business days in a month, that's $260 million. So you could add 100, 200, $250 million of inventory really fast. If you're not dialed in and managing and -- but it's measured in weeks, and I apologize, we don't have it at our fingertips. But a 30-45 day window wouldn't surprise me, but I just don't have the accurate number at my fingertips.
Dan Florness: I'm going to pull back to the last question by pulled up my notes here from some stuff from two days ago. In September -- so total transit time for deliveries in August hit a Fastenal record of 58 days. And September was trending higher at the time they provided this update, this was a couple of weeks ago. If I look at that back in the first quarter of 2020, which is the earliest bars on my chart here, that number was in the 30s as far as days. And this includes both the transit time to the port and then the average time discharged from port to destination.  So it's not just what it takes to cross the ocean and get to the port, and are you sitting there for ten days or nine days out in the ocean Rockport of Southern Cal or wherever it might be. But then, to get it through the terminal and transferred, and probably, the thing that jumps out the most for me is in the -- typically, when we're negotiating rates, that's a rate that goes from the port in the original country to our destination, which is our distribution center. And the steamship lines handle that entire journey. 35% of our containers coming in in the third quarter -- we actually couldn't get them to the destination because they weren't available because there's such a shortage of containers.  35% had to be manually unloaded at the port, loaded on a semi, and driven to our distribution center. And everything you read about is what's happening with the container cost to coming from overseas. That doesn't include that layer expense because putting it on a semi and driving across North America is a lot more expensive than the container going on a train and going across North America. And that actually -- we see a fourfold increase in container costs year-over-year. If you added that piece in, the increase is more like 6 fold, But that's some 35% of our containers coming in. The only silver lining in that is that 35 was 45% in August and it was 28% in September.  I don't know if it's coming down and it's going to continue that trend because one month isn't a trend, it's a data point, but that's been a brutal piece of the inflation as well. I see we're at 5 minutes before the hour, I trust we've answered most of the questions satisfactorily and if you have any follow-up, Holden I am around for the balance of the day. I would put one quick call-out to the Fastenal team. EHS Today, recognized Fastenal, along with 9 other organizations, as one of America's safest companies. And I want to say to our, EH&S Team, our safety teams that developed our plan, and our employees that honor and respect that plan. Thanks for keeping each other safe in 2020. Thanks for what you did for society and congratulations on the recognition. Take care, everybody.
