Holden Lewis: I think, Nigel, there's a little bit of that, that's flowing through, but we've definitely seen lower costs related specifically to our fastener line. And I think that's largely what you're seeing. So yeah, when we think about what caused a lot of the inflation in our business, there was an element of it that was raw material, but there was a fairly significant element that was related to transportation. And so yeah, I think you're just seeing some of that gradual impact play through. But I want to also give a lot of credit to the organization, particularly sort of the field and the national accounts teams and the folks that manage pricing. I mean, I believe five years ago that we wouldn't as effectively have been able to align our pricing and cost in the way we have. The variance that we've had against what's going on in the market has been fairly tame. If you remember, this quarter last year, we were talking about 20 basis point deficit and we felt that, that was going to -- we felt at the time that we hadn't quite caught up with where costing went with fasteners. I think our guidance at the time was we kind of expect that costing to catch up. It has caught up and probably came in a little bit. But I think over coming quarters, you're going to see the benefit that we saw this quarter, which largely recaptures the deficit we saw a year ago. I think you're going to see that begin to moderate. So it wasn't what we expected either. As you know, we target neutral, we continue to target neutral. But I don't think that it's a -- I don't think it's a sustained trend either. I think as we go through the next couple of quarters, it's going to trend back to neutral.
Holden Lewis: The majority of it was not elective. We had a -- there's a piece of property in there. The signing of which just got pushed out from fourth quarter to first quarter, that's just a calendar timing issue. We did have some automation projects where it's just a matter of when the product is going to come in. We always do it would be later in the year and it's just going to sort of cross the calendar line. So the majority of it relates to projects that we remain committed and excited about and will fall into the 2024 and it was more a function of timing. Now I will say that earlier in the year, we did say, look, take a look at your budgets, it's not a great year in terms of demand and tighten some stuff up. So I think there's some elements in there of what you're talking about, and that's just about enforcing discipline across the organization. But I think the larger portion of it relates to projects that will be coming back into the business in 2024.
Holden Lewis: I mean I guess I'm viewing the next couple of quarters as being the inverse of the last few. Again, if you remember, in Q3, we talked about fasteners, we had a little bit of a deficit in price-cost. And the guidance at the time was that over the next few quarters, you would see that deficit begin to decline. Was there a fastener deficit in Q4? Yes, there was. Is it possible that we get that fastener deficit from Q4 back in Q4 of this upcoming quarter? Yeah, I think that that's possible. But the deficit Q4 last year was not as wide as the deficit in Q3, and I'm not expecting the benefit in Q4 this year to be at the same level as the benefit we saw in Q3. Really, again, this feels very much like the inverse of what occurred last year. And at the end of the day, yeah, we'll probably wind up over the course of multi-years kind of being neutral from a price cost standpoint. But within that overall trend, there's been a little bit of swinginess.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. We don't talk about [indiscernible] behaving largely like we would expect it to. Pricing in the non-fastener areas has moderated just like our overall pricing has, but much like our overall pricing levels at this point, it's kind of back in the range that we would normally expect it to be in. It's still positive. It's lower than it was a year ago. But frankly, that area is performing largely as we expected. Historically, we have not traditionally seen negative pricing in non-fastener products. And I don't expect that, that's going to happen in this cycle either. So we view that the conditions for pricing in those products to be pretty stable here.
Holden Lewis: And just probably the one piece of perspective I might add, Dave is, for a long time or for several years, we had a lot of different models occurring within the branch, right? There were some branches that did, in fact, close their doors. There were some branches that had very specific low call average. There are some branches that stayed open. There are branches that flipped their counters -- branches that didn't. And I think what you're really seeing and picking up on is after several years of experimentation, which is really what Fastenal does. It came time to say, let's settle on and align around kind of an agreed approach to it. And so what you picked up is essentially us having looked at the various experimentations that were run throughout the organization for a number of years and say, "hey, here's the path forward that we're going to take.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. Unfortunately, we don't have great granular insight market by market. The example I often give is, there's a lot of manufacturers out there that are considered manufacturers in our business, but they might have enormous oil and gas exposure, but we don't see that oil and gas exposure. So I wish I could give you more detail end market by end market. We just don't have it. The data doesn't break out that way. The feedback from the field continues to be fairly uniform. I think aerospace is doing fairly well. I'm not getting a lot of feedback that anything else is really inflecting more favorably. I'm getting the feedback that everything else remains fairly tepid. And that generally speaking, managers across our business are fairly cautious on where the market is today. But I wish we could give you more granularity end market by end market. We just don't have the means to measure it that way.
Holden Lewis: No, not up from the third quarter. The first off, I think you have a number of things from Q3 to Q4. The first is, there is seasonality in play. And I think it's typically, give or take, 30 basis points of seasonality between third quarter and fourth quarter, that's just proven true over time. It relates to the mix of our business in the fourth quarter, et cetera.
Holden Lewis: And the delevering of our trucking network. So I think, first off, you have that sequential headwind. Now, in the past, I've argued that it might be slightly more muted into Q4, but that was also based on a lot of freight advantage. Now, I will tell you in the third quarter, we've begun to see cyclically, sometimes when things get challenging you can see some of your freight revenue piece begin to soften a little bit. And we saw some of that during the third quarter. And the leverage that you get when you grow the freight revenues reverses when you don't. And that was a bit of a challenge at the end of the third quarter that if that carries into the fourth quarter because demand is still weak, I think that, that goes from something that was doing fantastically for us in Q2 and becomes perhaps a little bit weaker. So I think that plays out perhaps a little bit softer as well. And then I guess I do believe that there'll be some moderation in price cost. So I think relative to the third quarter level, I think you're likely to see the fourth quarter come down a little bit greater than normal seasonality in this case.
Holden Lewis: And then since it wraps into the concept, what you will see is as the rate of closings moderate versus the last several years, you're going to have a little bit less of an incremental sort of take out of costs than we've had over the last several years. We still believe occupancy is ultimately leverageable but you had inflation at the same time that you had close things that tended to offset one another, and that's going to moderate as you go into 2024 and beyond to some degree, so.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. So what we're seeing in the quarter is you continue to have MRO fasteners down and we actually had OEM fasteners that were still rising. The perspective you need to have though is, we continue to see our OEM fasteners grow as a proportion of the mix because they tend to benefit from the growth in our Onsite. So today, a lot of our growth is coming through Onsites, and therefore, a lot of those new signings, those new implementations also bring in OEM fasteners. And so in the past, we've talked about OEM, and I think people have been surprised that OEM hasn't gotten negative given sort of the behavior. But if you go back to like mid last year, OEM fasteners were growing mid-20s. If you come to current period, it's growing low-single digits. And so you've seen significant moderation in OEM fasteners as the production environment has softened over the past 12 months, but it's still growing because of the success we continue to have signing and implementing Onsites.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. Maybe another anecdote as well. At the end of any given year, particularly years where demand is poor. Oftentimes, we get suppliers that approach us to say, hey, we sold just something for a discount. Would you take some of this stuff off our hands, so we can normalize our own production rates, and that's fairly typical. And I'll say that the -- it's still early, and we don't know what December is going to look like in many respects, but we haven't seen as much activity from our suppliers, inquiring about our willingness to enter into those kind of sort of year-end types of deals. And what that might suggest to you is that a lot of our suppliers might have inventories that are pretty close to where they need to be. Those are anecdotes. We're not even in November, December yet. But I'm probably feeling somewhat encouraged about where the inventory levels within and throughout our supply chain are getting to.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. As I indicated in my preamble, mix wasn't quite the headwind that I expected it was going to be. And price-cost was more of a tailwind than I expected it to be relative to the guidance that I gave at the Q2 call. Those are the two pieces.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. But in many cases, freight rolls into our product costs, right? The biggest reason why there's been inflation and deflation over the past three or four years isn't the cost of steel, there's a bit of that. It has a lot more to do with what the cost of moving product has been. So the price-cost in our -- when we talk about price-cost, in many cases, elements of freight are moved into product price.
Holden Lewis: Now there's transportation that does not fall into product costs. Those are our ramp trucks in the field, et cetera. But when you're talking about the cost of moving things from overseas to domestic, that goes into product cost, as Dan said, it's part of landed and that gets reflected in our price cost dynamics.
Holden Lewis: No. I mean there's a few reasons why I think gross margin will come in a bit. One of it is the seasonality you talked about. The second thing I talked about a moment ago was simply freight revenues has softened a little bit in the face of a weaker cycle. And again, we have a certain degree of leverage around our freight that works great when the freight revenues are at record levels, and it's not quite as good when they're not, that's another element of it. And then the moderation in price-cost that I anticipate is probably has more to do with the field continuing to make modest adjustments where they're required by contract or what have you to do so. And again, we're talking about a relatively small number here. It's not dramatic. But those are the moving pieces that I see playing out to a slightly weaker fourth quarter gross margin relative to third.
Dan Florness: I don't -- there hasn't been a lot of feedback. One thing I do every day, and I've done this, quite frankly, have done this for the last eight years is I -- and each day in every web feedback that comes in from customers, I try to read. I'm not going to say I read 100%, but I tried to. And that tells you it's a small enough number that I'm able to even try to, when you consider the hundreds of thousands of customers we have. And over time, you pick up different themes. And obviously, you could -- if I go back to the COVID era, boy, were there themes jumping out. The themes were a society really frustrated, not with us, just with some -- just frustrated. Scared about what's going on. Most of our business is in the U.S. and so scared about what was going on and things that were going on and chaos around them. And oftentimes, I would call -- I would once a week, maybe twice a week call somebody up, kind of throws them a little off kilter when they get a call from me right after they've put something, but you learn a lot that way. It's largely almost too quick to see, but my predecessor had a phrase he used, sometimes he used to keep it on his computer screen. So if you want to grow your business, make it easy to buy. And sometimes, if you confuse the market, it's kind of like in today's world, you've got to eat. It's a rare time that I go out to eat that I don't check on my phone to see if the place is even open. Mondays and Tuesdays, especially you can't necessarily count on it, especially in a town of 25,000 people. Economics don't work for that business to be open certain nights. And so the biggest thing we needed to do is be really, really consistent with what we're doing. And the market reacts to that by saying, okay, this makes sense. And but if you get there and the door is closed, and you were expecting it to be opened. So I don't have a lot of insight for you, Dave, other than to say, there's probably a fewer comments about, I stopped there at 8 in the morning or 10 in the morning and your door was closed what's going on. And on the flip side, it's also empathy is a two-way street. And it's really looking at it and saying, it's finding that spot where the business can meet the roads, the wheel can meet the roads or rubber meets the road, whatever that expression is, but it's good for both parties. And good is that we can provide a high level of service and it's economically good business for, again, both parties. I believe we can find it. A lot of that business is -- has migrated, and we've seen it in our own internal statistics really since COVID started the amount of that business that's migrated to the Internet. And it's really -- in some ways, the market making that transition of, boy, it's a lot easier if I pop an order online and then go pick it up. It's easier for the customer and so I think that's part of it. And it's also reminding our teams locally that our goal in everything we do is always trying to figure out how to make the market opportunity bigger and find good productive use of our time to serve the marketplace and serve our customer. I like it from the standpoint, I think it's a better message for our team, go and grow the dam business and don't -- and stop spending time about what you're not going to do.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'll add to it in my ask of everybody hearing this, don't read too much into it because it's a relatively small piece of our business. But when I'm going through the numbers, the individual that poses the stuff together, I often wear him out a little bit with questions and just to understand it myself. And the other end markets, which is about 11% of our business, it's a bunch of stuff in there since the term other and it peaked up. And in one of the components of that is our business and our government business has been gaining strength as we've gone through the year, but it didn't gain strength sequentially in September. And sometimes that's just a function of comp. But generally speaking, it's been gaining because we've been really successful in Onsite and government locations that we have in the business. And so I asked him, I said, I know government didn't tick up. Why did that tick up? And a big chunk of that other is transportation. And it's not automotive transportation that's not in there. It's transportation that we sell into and that saw a real uptick. I'm not sure what that means. So maybe I created more questions with that answer than an answer with that answer. But that was the one thing that jumped out at me. I was -- I'm still scratching my head on it, but at least I know that's what drove the other end markets to grow 12.5%.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I think there's a few things in there. One is, when we came through the tariff period, that was brutal from the standpoint of our pricing tools being so decentralized, communicating what was changing almost on a week-by-week basis was incredibly difficult. And there was one quarter I sat down with our IT -- John Soderberg, our leader of IT, and I said, John, I'm going to ask you something that I never -- that I told you I'd never ask you to do. We're going to shut down all IT development for whatever time it takes, and we're going to focus 100% of our energy on a better pricing tool for our organization to use because this is a disaster we're going through right now, and we can't handle these fluctuations because our system isn't built for that. And we shut down IT, and we focused on building what we call our price review tool. And then we had other folks in the organization that took that our district managers. We have a key person here in Winona, Kevin Fitzgerald, who took that and created a great tool and our ability to price and pricing isn't is much about not being too high as it is about not being too low because sometimes if your price isn't precise and you're too high, you might actually hurt your margin because you don't sell enough of that or if you were 3 points lower, you would sell more of it, and it help your margin. So on the gross margin side, we've gotten better at our ability to price. And in the recent years, our transportation team has gotten really agile and manage the expense side. So that's on the gross margin piece. And there's a bunch of other things, but I don't want to give you a 15-minute answer. On the operating expense side, we focused a lot of energy on people development, on leadership development. Earlier when I was talking about the transition with Terry, one of the things that always makes me feel good about transition within Fastenal is the incredible bench of talent we have that exists throughout the organization. It's from a promote within culture. Because of all that investment, our leadership team, whether it be in a support area, at the district level, at the regional level, our leadership team has never been better. And one thing I'll credit, especially to Casey Miller, who leads our U.S. business and Jeff Watts, who leads our global business. They both have done an incredible job over the last five, six years of challenging their leaders to be better at managing the expense side. Because in a decentralized organization, there's nothing more difficult than that. You have to be out ahead of stuff. And they've just done a wonderful job on that. And then the other piece, not displayed anybody, our distribution team and their ability to manage expenses through the cycle is second to none. So as I look at the information I see and I click my ails and I'm like, I can't believe how good this team is. And I think we're just better at it. And that's not about one person. That's about an organization that's gotten better over time.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I'll try to unpack that in reverse order. And if I missed something, help me out. But first off, branch count 1,450 is our target number. That's not a -- we're at this number and an edict comes out that says thou shalt not close or thou shalt not open. That number could -- perhaps we should talk in ranges instead of exact points because 1,450 was what our internal team identified as a target number, looking at demographics, and I believe it, I don't have the stat in front of me, so if I'm wrong, I apologize, I would have been in the flipbook from the first -- from January. But I believe at 1,450, we were within 30 minutes of 93% of the U.S. manufacturing base and so it's a theoretical number. Could I see it go down to 1,400, yes. Could I see it go to 1,500, yes. The closure piece will become ever quieter. And as we move into 2024, I know just yesterday, I was chatting with Casey and Jeff about some of that and what they're seeing because there's still a few closures on the horizon. Part of it is reminding folks that the openings are okay, too. And so I think we'll be in that 1,400, 1,500 range. So don't read anything into it moving up or down 20.
Dan Florness: If I look at occupancy in the third quarter, we actually didn't leverage it. And part of the reason for that is within occupancy, we have two components. We have our branch and Onsite network. We have, obviously, our distribution centers. But we also have our FMI, our vending and FASTBin. And the reason we classify that as occupancy. When we started vending 15-plus years ago, looked at it and said, a vending machine is basically a shelf. We've taken a shelf out of the branch. We've wrapped it in a metal box, and we put that shelf in the customer's facility, but it's a shelf. And we really challenged our district leaders to think about that as occupancy on our internal P&L. We classify it as occupancy because if a branch grows from 100 to 150 and for simple purposes, let's just say that, that 50,000 of growth is all vending. I shouldn't need a bigger building. And my occupancy grows because I have the depreciation and expense associated with my vending platform. And it was a way of more holistic about it. Our FMI numbers, as you know, we're signing 95 devices a day. Our FMI grew 6%. And our expenses within occupancy, and that was about 55%. So our occupancy grew just under 4%. And about 55% of that related to vending. But even though we closed some branches and closed some locations, our rent has not gotten cheaper in the last 12 months, and we will continue to be challenged with that. One of the things we've talked about on prior calls is the thing we call Lyft. And Lyft is about efficiency of where we're picking the product to replenish FMI vending today with FMI more broadly. But it also -- if I have a 50 vending machines out of -- that are serviced out of a branch, and I don't need to stock all of that inventory in the local branch because I'm picking it in an automated distribution center in a highly efficient way. Now that distribution center isn't free, but I also don't need to expand the footprint of my branch because I freed up 40 feet of shelving that was dedicated to FAST vending in the past. But it's given us some challenges on the fact that occupancy has grown. And as you can imagine, the further you get from the middle of the country, the more expensive the space gets and when you get into some of our businesses in Europe, it's more expensive than it is in Winona, Minnesota. But I feel good about our ability over time to continue to manage that and lever it, as I said with our FMI, that business is growing quite handsomely, and we grew our expense to 6%, so we levered that nicely.
Dan Florness: Yeah. If you think about what we do, in a perfect world, where we're supplying OEM fasteners. The customer isn't ordering it per se. We're supplying it when they need it. And that shouldn't change depending on the cycle because the question is, if you peer downstream from the manufacturing activity to our customer or their supply chain to the end market. How much inventory is there because if – there shouldn’t be a different stage of where you're ordering OEM fasteners. The pull-through is what the pull-through is. Now some of the changes from what Holden talked about a year ago, there was elements of inflation in there. But there was also elements of folks had such an unstable supply chain for everything else. Fortunately, they were partnered with Fastenal, and their supply chain for fasteners was great. And I'm having a little fun with you there, but they might have had other stuff or their end markets, possession is [indiscernible] so they just ordered it because they were worried about getting it. And so I think you do have cases of downstream from our manufacturer customers. There's some stuff that piled up, but I think that's worked through. I think the poll right now is to poll. I was talking with our leader in Continental Europe the other day, and his business has ticked up, and I was just asked them some components about it. And he was talking about some of these transportation customers that picked up. He said their business is pulling through what they're selling, but they're being very, very cautious about not getting ahead of anything. So I think there, it's just true demand coming through.
Dan Florness: Because we consider that our landed cost to the shelf as opposed to when we're moving it around North America or moving around in our business.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ryan. I see it's about 2 minutes before the hour, and I realize everybody on this call has a busy week of earnings conversations to be engaged in. Thank you for your time. Good luck in the fall and my thanks to the Fastenal team. Have a good day, everybody.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. I had a couple of questions on gross margin. So usually gross margins kind of flat sequentially into 3Q, and obviously, it was up 40 bps. Can you just unpack what the drivers are there, just because that was the surprise factor.
Ryan Merkel: And when you say price cost, you're talking on product, you're talking on freight because it sounds like freight was the thing that you mentioned first driving the gross margin.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then sequentially, you think maybe gross margin could come down a little bit more than seasonality. Is that because price-cost is going to decline and the reason there you're going to lower fastener prices to match the lower product costs or is it also this idea that maybe charging for freight is getting a little bit harder.
