Dan Florness: I am going to start with the second part then I’ll go to the first. And Cheryl [ph] or Holden feel free to chime in if you feel my answer is somewhat lacking. As far as the main message, last year talked about growing - a simple message, grow sales and grow earnings. We’ve struggled for few years. Obviously amplified by the oil and gas slowdown and how it hit our business. The message this year just had one more thing to it. Grow sales and grow earnings, let’s grow it double digit and then the concept of think big. And think big is about one thing we did in 2017 as we worked with all of our district leaders, all of our district managers came in for two day workshop, a day and half workshop. And it was about developing a business plan, a five year business plan for their business. And think big that’s basically this, have a plan. Incorporate our growth drivers Onsite, vending, construction, CSP16, national accounts, international, incorporate that into your plan and vet your plan. Share with your peers, share with a regional -- whether it’s your region or not, share with somebody else and then share with every member of your team because if you get great people pursuing a common goal, you can accomplish great things. And you can get the most out of great people and be more successful move faster. So our biggest message is have a plan and grow your business and think big about it.  In regards to -- we are on FIFO accounting, and so our part of inventory increase for the year is inflation. I am not going to get too deep into the magnitude because I just don’t want to get ahead of ourselves Dave but it’s really a third of our business is fasteners and we are getting some squeezing there. And in some cases we have mechanisms in place that’s tethered to indices as far as on a six months basis, there is ability to raise prices in an inflationary period and lower prices in a deflationary period. But we just need to be really crystal with that and I think part of the issue, so I am getting a little beyond your question, part of the issue has been we have been -- we are so wired to grow, grow, grow. And even Holden and I have conversation this morning. We are so wired to grow, grow, grow that sometimes when you are having a conversation with a customer about turning on five or seven additional facilities, you want to balance that with the pricing aspect, but our customers do value the service and what we bring, whether that’s in our traditional branch model or Onsite model and/or our vending model. And it’s really impressing upon the way for us to provide that service as we need to price the product fairly. And we are doing a great job with that on our vending business and our non-fastener business in general. We are just not moving fast enough on our fastener business. So I am going to shy away from quantifying the impact but Holden, you want to talk about it.
Dan Florness: As far as the opportunity drivers for 2018, here are the things that come to mind for me, we have great momentum in our business. As I mentioned earlier, our National Accounts team is executing about as well as I think we’ve ever executed in our history. We have built in lift from the – if you think about the vending machines that we’ve signed that we’ve been deploying late in the year or throughout the year but they have been strong throughout the year. The fact that we are removing fewer and I feel better about installed base and how we are going to grow that in the next 12 months. Our Onsites, we have record number of Onsites that we signed. I feel we have great momentum come into the year because again Onsite now is a company thing. It’s not touching a small chunk of our business, it’s touching the business. So I feel very good about our growth right and the couple of years momentum we have built into them and we are finishing the year strong. And I feel really good about the tax bill signed late in the year. And it’s ability to list -- to lift the industrial marketplace in the United States. Industrial marketplace and I don’t want to get too deep into the discussion here but let’s be honest. The industrial marketplace in United States has been the highest taxed population on the planet. And we are unleashing some of that potential with the tax change. I mean I look at our business for example, I believe the S&P 500 has an effective rate of about 27% before the tax act. Our effective tax rate in recent years has been about 10 points higher than that, 36.5%-37%. And we are indicative of that example. And I believe for a lot of our customers it unleashes their potential to think bigger about their business and to grow faster and we are going to participate in that growth because we are going to help support their business. And I feel really good about that coming in 2018. And I think it has some legs to it. 
Dan Florness: It’s us. It’s company specific. A piece of it is seasonal but that was true last year too. But when I look at the impact of fourth quarter versus third quarter a year ago, and the impact of fourth quarter versus third quarter in 2017, it’s us. Because what were -- the relativeness of what we are charging for freight, relativeness of how much we are doing internal versus external, we moved most of the freight on our own trucks which is a huge competitive advantage. We still manage it well. And I am going to cut you off with that question. And we will go on for the next one. We are running a little tight on time. 
Dan Florness: And one thing I’ll contribute to that is if you do look at the Onsite that predate this becoming a growth driver; the operating margins are above where the newer Onsites are. And so there is a pathway to profit element that’s getting lost only because we are opening so many. The intermediate term measure of success is the degree to which we use the pathway to profit to expand maturing Onsite base and to begin to refill what we took out of the branch and then they sort of go down that pathway to profit, second time if you will. 
Dan Florness: We are going to take more one call. I see we are at 43 minutes past the hour, one more question I should say.
Dan Florness: We try to religiously keep this till 45 minutes because we realized its earnings season and everybody business and have other call to hop on. Thank you everybody for participating on our call today. As our last question touched on, it forces us to focus very, very intently on the operating expenses within our business. Invest wisely to support growth, invest wisely to grow faster and but manage our expenses prudently. Thanks everybody. Have a good day. 
Holden Lewis: Yes. I might just chip in Dave as well. If you recall we actually had a modest increase in prices we put in the second quarter in response to what we are seeing inflation in the channel. That really was intended to go after a sliver of the business. And at the end of the day, the amount of which price moved our revenue line this year was fairly immaterial. And we felt that it achieved a goal but it was fairly immaterial overall. This iteration now the demand has gotten stronger and cost inflation has gotten stronger, is intended to address a large slice than we had done in the past. And it’s really intended to do address the same thing is to address the inflation that we see in what’s relatively long supply chain in the fastener business. So we would expect that the -- without giving the details of our quantity, we expect it would be more significant this time around than it was certainly with the smaller on in the second quarter. 
Holden Lewis: Yes. I would characterize it as a bit of a catch up in this regard. I mean as Dan had indicated and I talked about in the script was, we did see the fastener gross margin in the fourth quarter tick down as a result of product inflation. So the group has done a great job staying ahead of it in the non-fastener side, we’ve gone little bit behind on the fastener side and so this is intended as much anything else to begin to cover up some of that lag. 
Holden Lewis: And Ryan just wants to chip in one thing from the earlier question just to make sure everyone understands it. Although product inflation was a factor in fourth quarter, it was well behind product mix, the impact of Mansco and the issues around freight in the quarter in terms of an impact. So when we say that we are sort of catching up, if you will, I don’t want to leave the impression that we fall in particularly far behind. It was a fairly minor factor in the fourth quarter. We are acting because we needed to make sure that it doesn’t expand as an issue in 2018. 
Holden Lewis: Okay. I’ll take that one. Pathway to profit historically was about growing our average branch size and as that would happen the operating expenses drop dramatically. A branch doing $50,000 to $80,000 a month has operating expenses well into 30s. A branch doing $150,000 to $250,000 a month has operating expenses that are well down into the mid if not low 20s but mid 20s anyway and so that’s really what the pathway to profit was about, was letting the inherent profitability shine through. Onsite creates challenge for pathway to profit in that your revenue growth is coming from our growth drivers, vending help our branch revenue grow. CSP helps our branch revenue grew. Onsite actually help, cause the brands revenue to either trade or maybe go back slightly. So if I have $20,000 month account in a $150,000 branch and I move that to an Onsite to turn into $100,000 customer, the branch close on $150,000 to $130,000 and so we have negative leverage going on there which hurts the pathway to profit concept. Our job is can all those other things get us back to 150. The more thing we’ve been talking about in our business where we’ve been closing some branches, so if we move out enough customers and a handful of branches maybe we go from 10 branches in that market to 9 which lets us claw back a little bit to pathway to profit because you got a 9 have a higher average. And so it’s really about on the branch side, the pathway to profit is as healthy as ever. The Onsite creates real challenge for it but I’ll take that challenge because it allows us to grow an Onsite in attractiveness business from the standpoint of our ability to grow with it, and our ability to generate return. 
Holden Lewis: So we do. We have not necessarily gone down the path of sharing that year by year with investment community but we do track that internally. I mean what I would tell you is that from the point that you start an Onsite probably between call it six quarters later you are sort of where the Onsite should be in sort of steady state and then from there you begin doing the things you need to do to improve the margin you go down that pathway to profit, looking for product substitution opportunity, looking for additional volume opportunities. So that path down the pathway is probably begin in earnest between four and eight quarters after sort of the signing and that progress begins and then ultimately you get there but with these new ones since it’s becoming growth driver, I am not sure we necessarily figure out the exact date that you get to a corporate margin on the Onsite business from the time you start. 
Holden Lewis: So thank you for clarifying. That’s right. It was intended to be comment about what we were doing at pricing and it was really twofold. One to just let you know that we are taking sort of part and places seriously and taking steps to do it. But the second is we are not necessarily looking at this is an opportunity to boost our margin, if you will, right. We are trying to defend our margin from product inflation that everybody in the marketplace knows that’s there. And so I think that you are right to think about in terms of -- it’s intended to offset product inflation and then the other variables that are always there on gross margin are still there. 
Holden Lewis: Yes. I think it’s a good place to start and then we’ll try to do everything we can freight and other element but I think a good place to start is what we said before, which is every year we kind of start off in the whole 20 to 30 basis points on gross margin because of product and customer mix and when you see how faster our National Accounts are growing, international growing, the Onsites are growing, there is no reason to think that that’s any different 2018 than it was 2017.
