Dan Florness: Well first off, I do know when we look at not just 2010, but we look at 2009 and even quite frankly 2008, when I sit down with Reyne, Nick and Steve who head up our three business units, the one comment they have for me throughout 2009, and again in 2010 is the rate at which we were signing up our large account business is faster in that timeframe than it has been in '05 and '06.  And sometimes what happens is when companies are busy, sometimes they are less inclined to make changes to things because you're too busy to do it because changing a supplier or making changes to your business requires a tremendous amount of energy, and sometimes you just don't have that energy left over at the end of the day to make those changes. And so we saw, so I do know in 2008, 2009 and 2010, we have been gaining market share. With that said when I look at it on a customer by customer basis, that business was mauled a year ago. That business was off dramatically. It wasn't uncommon to see a customer down 35%, 40%, 45%. And so a good chunk of this is sheer dollar per customer gain on a year-over-year basis, but we are taking market share.
Dan Florness: Sam, I don't think it's so much about the year-over-year growth numbers. I think it's more about what's the sequential pattern. When you look at the dramatic fluctuations you've had over the last 18, 24 months. Sometime it's the only sanity you can get or clarity you can get to your business as looking at the sequential patterns because again when your comparisons are changing so wildly that become less meaningful. So it is really about us, when we look out to historically September, October is our high watermark of the year as far as daily sales average. From October to January you pick up maybe 90 basis points in additional daily sales and then you start that stairway for the next year of where do we get to by September-October. You know providing we continue to see things we are seeing today which are positive to that historical trend line, that's what really builds confidence in your business and which is where we are today. And the only wildcard that comes into play in my mind is when you look at things that are going on, for example lot of the investments we are making internationally that we touched on earlier, doesn't necessarily translate into always so many stores because we are going into new markets and sometimes the footprints of that market give you to manifest differently. But generally speaking we were fairly optimistic to look up 2011. And we are Midwestern conservative almost on the verge of being boring.
Dan Florness: We have been pretty quite on it, we have bought some late in 2009 and the thing is trouble with on it is, and we had this issue even late in 2008, we decided to make a supplemental dividend payment because we looked at it at that time and we said, is our evaluation low from in a struggle standpoint? Absolutely, but you could say that about virtually every company that was out there.  And everybody looked at it at the time and we continue take this way and look at it and say that the cash that is sitting on our balance sheet belongs to shareholder that hold 150 million shares of Fastenal stock and try to understand what's the best way to utilize that cash for them. In 2008 we saw it as additional dividend, we increased our dividend meaningfully in each of the last two years. However, we in 2010 have chosen not to be in the market because we still waiver between what is the best value, what is the best return for our shareholders.  And we are also consciously paying attention to what's going on in the marketplace as far as tax rates on different types of activities and where that might go in the future, and not to get too far ahead of myself, but long way of saying we don't have a definitive plan on where do we step in and buy, where do we not. But we continue to make the problem worse for ourselves by throwing off one heck of a lot of cash for their business. That's a big problem.  But for a company our size to have a couple of hundred million dollars in cash is not an unusually high number. We're pretty comfortable with that going forward.
Dan Florness: Our non-incentive compensation is up greater than that number, but the delta between that 6 percent point or whatever in the actual number is really because as we've gotten busier our hours work per employee have gone up as well. So that's driven a piece of the increase, probably 40% of the increase.
Dan Florness: And we added a few support people into a few subsets of business. In the manufacturing we added some sales reps and we added some people in the regional business units to support some of our larger comp business. And then we added some additional government personnel. 
Dan Florness: Utility cost was a very meaningful piece of that sequential increase. And a couple of things in there, one obviously the cooling costs were quite a bit higher than they were a year ago. Another piece that falls into our occupancy that is new is our new Holo-Krome business. And their business is ramping up nicely and there's some additional cost there on the heat treatment cost. 
Dan Florness: Well, I guess from our standpoint, it matches up reasonably well with what we expected earlier in the year, maybe at 24%, to be honest with you. If you had asked in January, I'd looked at a 22-ish number, because so much of that is about seasonality. What it demonstrates for me, and we really started seeing that 20 guidance about the May timeframe, April timeframe, is that last August, we believe was the bottom month for the non-res construction business in our business as far as from a trend standpoint. And that's really what caused August of 2009 to be our bottom month as far as overall business because that last piece stopped killing us.  You don't feel real comfortable in getting too excited about it when you're looking at trend numbers in October, November, and December because it's seasonally such a weak period for construction. You don't know if you're reading it wrong. When you get into April and May and you see the trends continuing to be positive, what you know is normal seasonality has kicked in and yes, indeed that business is not getting worse, it's getting slightly better. But it's not like it's on fire. It’s hasn't gotten worse, it's gotten slightly better. 
Dan Florness: There really won't be an appreciable difference. If there is any difference, it'd be because of what geography it's in. It's in this state or that state. They might have a bias because that state has a bias. But short of that, a new store we opened should mirror a store that's two hours away or an hour away.
Dan Florness: Out of that, a piece of occupancy, when we started the pathway to profit, when we talked about the 500 basis point increase improvement in our operating margin, it was largely an operating expense discussion. About 60% of that was going to come from labor efficiencies over time because we didn't need to add as much support infrastructure to support that sales growth, so about 300 basis points of labor efficiency and about 200 basis points of occupancy efficiency  And that efficiency and occupancy was all about growing our average store size because the occupancy expense on a per store basis doesn't change when you go from 50 to 100,000 appreciably. And when I look at the third quarter number as an example, of that 200 basis points of operating margin expansion that we are getting from occupancy alone, 160 is still on the table. But what needs to happen to get that is our average store size needs to continue to grow and run away from if you will that occupancy, that fixed occupancy expense.
Dan Florness: It is not quite half the actives. I mean if you look at all of our customers we have a lot of active customers in the respective groups, but if I looked at it relative to our manufacturing group of customers it's about 20% bigger. Sometimes the data gets a little dizzying because there are different pieces that we identify in different ways.  Sufficed as to say non-res construction is our largest customer group by number of customers, but clearly not our largest revenue group. Because if you think about our business model and what we bring to the table you know a lot of those subcontractors that are working on these jobs, we are a great supplier to them because we provide them the ability to be unbelievably flexible in their day-to-day business plans.
Dan Florness: With that, we are at 9.47 Central Time. So we've hit the limit of our call. Again, thank you for your interest in Fastenal and your support of Fastenal. I would hope this call was informative as well as the earnings release we put out early this morning.  Typical at the end of a call it's not uncommon for me to get a couple of calls from our analyst community; I would ask that you hold those calls off for about an hour this morning. A few minutes before the call I got word that my 90 year old uncle passed away, I'm going to give my cousin a call and share some memories with him.  I was blessed from the standpoint of having an uncle that he lived 90 years, was a pilot in World War II in North Africa, and I have a ton of respect for him. And I want to make sure my cousin knows that. Thank you.
Will Oberton: Based on what we are seeing today we don't see much change going over the next two to three or say the next two quarters. Steel had been going up. It went back down and it's kind of leveled out at the level it's been for quite some time. So right now there's almost nothing going on with pricing. We have had some of our suppliers coming in looking to push some pricing for the beginning of next year. Right now we are fighting that up, some will probably stick, most of it will get pushed back.
Will Oberton: I can't comment on the non-residential construction Jeff because I haven't been out with many of large construction customers, but I have visited with several large manufacturing customers and pretty much I can't think of any that we are not positive for 2011, at least the first half of 2011 and many of them are basing it on their order backlogs that they continue to see a certain amount of strength that it's not like on fire, but they are seeing strength in the backlogs. They are looking at adding people and they are actually looking for a very good 2011. And that has been a broad group of customers, I spoke with over the last probably eight weeks. So we are feeling very good about that from what we are hearing from those customers.
Will Oberton: Yes we do. The one thing I will add there Jeff, the reason we believe we can is because we are not going to have that unusual growth and the bonuses and commissions.
Will Oberton: Right now if our sales continued strong, if we see the trends that we are seeing today, with nice sequential pattern at or above the line we would envision going back to a more normalized rate about 7% to 9% or 6% to 10% range of new store openings in 2011. And we are feeling pretty good about that sticking way after September and what we are seeing today. So I guess I have to do a little math in my head, but it would something like a 150 to 170 stores.
Will Oberton: And maybe beyond the verge but one other thing I will clarify is our accounts don't really get a lot more difficult Sam, because on a sequential basis we started seeing our improvement in August of 2009 and we have very good sequential trends like I said September, August to September last year was very strong. So, the counsel won't get any more difficult as long as we keep hitting our monthly numbers.
Will Oberton: The support employee growth will go down. A lot of what drove it in the third quarter was hours in the warehouses.
Will Oberton: And so at some level support versus sales is really not correct because all of our outside sales people that are working in national accounts in those areas fall into the support side. So a lot of the support side is actually sales.  But anyway going forward, we believe that most of our growth will be coming on the store side of the group of people, and the support side with the exception of adding some sales specialists will be very flat.
Will Oberton: No, I think it was pretty much driven by customer mix. We do have a big promotion or we have big promotions twice a year, once in March and once in August-September. I suppose that has a little effect but it's pretty minimal. It would be hard to measure that but the way we slice it up, we sold more product, the large metal manufacturers and they traditionally carry a lower gross margins.
Will Oberton: The areas of non-res construction that we will need to see improvement in or continue to do well would be power generation, all the energy areas because we're just not going to see a lot of the non-res construction in building shopping centers and residential areas that we did five and six, seven years ago. They are putting up Home Depots and Targets by the hundreds today. That was a great part of our business. But it has to come in energy infrastructure and highway and bridge has to do well.
Will Oberton: I think if you check the growth, if you checked our 90 stores we've opened this year, blended their business, they would look very similar to the company numbers statistically.
Will Oberton: Well on the gross margin, which will drive to the bottom, I think importing and private label we still have a lot of opportunity there. That got slowed down a little bit because we weren't growing our business a year ago. So it's hard to introduce new products when you don't have the growth.
Will Oberton: Yes, So we have a nice opportunity there. Other things, one is support labor. Support labor makes up something like 7%, 7.5% of sales. If we grow our business by say 20% next year, not saying we will, but if we were to and that only grows by 5% to 10%, there is a nice incremental improvement. Occupancy is another one if we were to grow our business well above our 6% to 10% store opening rate, another very big improvement because occupancy is our second largest expense behind labor.
Will Oberton: One thing I'll point out talking about pathway to profit that I was very happy with when I started, if you look at the report where we show the profitability by store size, the group that shows 60 to 100,000 in monthly revenue was at 22.7% pre-tax which is only 30 basis points off our pathway to profit goal, but these stores are about only 60% the size. So we've really done a nice job that our release tells me is that we don't need to get to the $125,000 because of all the things we are doing. And so the goal of pathway to profit 23% is not as far away as we once thought it was. So those are very encouraging numbers and we still have a lot of opportunity. One other thing that I was going to touch on is, we also have opportunity in distribution for next year because we don't plan to open any large distribution centers.  In the last couple of years, we have invested very heavily in Indianapolis and some of our other distribution centers, Dallas. To mention the other one. That's pretty much behind us. So we are going to start leveraging that fixed cost as we go forward with higher revenue base.
Will Oberton: No, I think we're continuing to work on the same things, transportation, support. I mean there's only so many pieces to our business, so we can't go out and create new things to save. But just looking at the business we believe that we have a lot of headroom on all of the things we mentioned to improve those areas of the business as a percentage of revenue. You know we have no new initiatives like we did when we started our transportation initiative.
Will Oberton: And I think at some level when you open fewer stores you pick the best locations, the best managers, everything affecting the top quartile in this because that's all you have to do in the top half. So we should expect a little better results when we open fewer stores. Especially from a personnel standpoint, we have more qualified people because we pick the best ones ever lined up.
Will Oberton: What is our top goal to take the company to the next level? Steven Gregory – Mandalay Research: Yes.
Will Oberton: Continue to drive the pathway to profit and basically the revenue and the pathway to profit. So we're working very, very hard at making our business more efficient. I'm a very strong believer in the company that wins in the long run is the one that has the most efficient machine for delivering product to the customers simple, efficient. And so we're going to continue to work on pathway to profit and just improve our model from a manufacturer somewhere in the world to a customer somewhere else, and the one who can do in a most efficient way is the one who is going to give the greatest return to their employees and their shareholders.
