Willard Oberton: I think it's a reasonable target. Some of the puts and takes would be if you look at the historical patterns, we normally touch start our January at or above where our October daily average was, which puts us in the 20% range in January. If you start out there, even if it slowed down a little bit, you should be able to hit the 15% to 20% for the year. Right now, we do not predict that it will be slowing down. So we're pretty confident in the 15% to 20% sales range at this point.
Willard Oberton: Well, the mix change as we've gone through the year, we've had some variations of our large account business from our OEM business being very strong, which actually pulled it up a little bit, in the middle part of the year. We have a broad base of business. The construction improving as we went through the year, a lot of non-Ffstener products including those sales as well that pull that mix down a little bit. I think what really drives our ability to manage as we go through that mix is the job our procurement group has done over time of building a nice offering of products. If you look through our catalog, great selection of products, great job of sourcing. And we've done a nice job adding exclusive brands. And it still as a percentage of our sales is relative -- if you ignore the fastener piece, it's still relatively small, but it's been building every year. And I think that puts us in position to maintain and improve that 52% as we move into the new year.
Willard Oberton: What prompted us that we continued to put more sales specialists outside of the store, trying to drive additional products, things, products or markets. In 2010, our biggest initiatives were adding government sales reps, manufacturing sales reps and sales reps selling our vending systems. But none of those showed up in our sales investments and they're purely a sales investment. And even over and above those, the cost of keeping those people on the road. And so we really want to give the clearest picture we can of what we're doing. And the reason we chose is to put a lot of investment into those areas is that it's the greatest way to lever our sales. Going into 2010, we weren't sure what the economy was going to bring us and the business was going to do. So we really looked hard, and we said, we think we can get a better boost in our business by putting sales specialists above the store umbrella and driving business to the store than the entry level sales people doing it one small account at a time. They're both important. But if you only have so many people to add, we felt this was our best investment. And so we wanted to state that and the way you look at our sales investments in our releases.
Willard Oberton: Could I answer your first question? We didn't have a lot of inflation in the fourth quarter. There were small price increases coming through from the middle of the year. But for the most part, they were smaller categories, and we are putting up the arm and holding them back kind of doing the Heissman on the price increases coming. But with oil prices going up, the plastic products and other products go up. So right now, we are seeing more price increases coming through. We're mitigating them as well as we can. And going into the year, the cost will go up some. With the inventory cycle, it's going to take -- that will be coming through more by the end of the first quarter going into the summer months on the non-fastener products. We’ll start trying to push price increases sooner than that but it always takes time. On the fastener products, the steel has been, it's kind of been a roller coaster lately. The U.S. steel is way up. Asian steel has not risen as much. But our purchasing manager just got back from a week in Asia and everyone is selling and prices are going to be going up. One of the things that's really thrown it off now is the flooding in Australia because the coking compound that they need for making steel comes from Australia. No one quite knows how that's going to affect things yet. We don't know if that's real or just a hype to push up steel. So we're going to be watching it very closely. We have a lot of people on the ground over there. And as soon as prices start going up, we're going to push up with them. If anything, we think it's a positive for our business going forward as long as it doesn't get too crazy. But pricing is real visible. So if I had to guess, I would say we'd have above average inflation in 2011 from what we're seeing today. I do not predict at this time that it would look like 2008, but it's really too early to say that.
Willard Oberton: But let me state that the comment I made about our international growing North of 30% includes Canada, Mexico. It's the full 9% of our business group. While Canada is outgrowing the company, and Mexico is way outpacing the company. Singapore, Malaysia, China, Europe are all doing very, very well. So we're very optimistic about that business going forward. And it's becoming meaningful to the overall performance of the business.
Willard Oberton: We won't comment on our January numbers at this point. But as far as December, we saw a little bit here and there. But I don't think there was really anything unusual. We had a lot of bad weather in the midwest early in the month. But overall, I think there's kind of business as usual in December and January, we'll see how it plays out. It's been really, really ugly in the northeast but it's still early in the month.
Willard Oberton: One thing I will add is when you compare this time to back in early 2008 when we saw the inflation. We have a much stronger team of people here that do nothing but study the pricing, look at what's going on with the market. So it appears, I believe, we'll be able to react much quicker and with better data to the stores because a big part of it is convincing our stores to go out and raise prices to their best customers. That's not an easy thing to do especially when they haven't seen their costs go up. So they get the stores to get out there in front of it is a challenge and I think we have people in place who can get that done.
Willard Oberton: Well, we see it probably -- we're seeing it right now coming back the strongest. There's an energy-related projects, oil refining, power plants, all the things related around energy. The other area where we see good building in Non-Res Construction would be healthcare, education and government, where they're building hospitals, schools, college, things like that. While it's very weak on the Non-Res Construction would be anything to do with retail. Very little housing being built kind of the private sector business, non-energy private sectors is very slow. We don't see that coming back. When you look at the releases coming from the targets and the people like that, they're not planning on ramping up their store openings any time soon or most of them are not. So we're going to work hard to put our sales energy into those types of projects that the healthcare energy things like that. If it were to come back stronger, if the economy picks up and people start bringing up the pocketbooks, there's no question it would help our business because it's a big sector that's pretty soft. Margin is about a portion between manufacturing and big constructions, there wouldn't be much there. But it would really just hopefully push us up above the numbers that we're talking about. And I think that's basically Dan just said is that we got a boost from something like a sector or just the overall economy. We should see it moving up. Right now we're not over investing in construction, we're just looking at the big projects. The dollars today are pretty concentrated around the big projects like the energy field.
Willard Oberton: Not at all. We're looking at it. And we're looking at what we opened in 2010 and what our sales growth was. We're looking at it for 2011. We know that there is at some point we're hitting a saturation. And we think this is a good growth level. We are continuing -- we will probably what you should read into it, is that we're more positive about some of our specialty sales areas. So we're willing to give up a little bit, and we think 7% is a solid good number. We're willing to give up a little bit on that because we have some really good investments that we're making and we're getting positive returns from them.
Daniel Florness: Yes, the International business, I'll back into the number because it's sometimes a better way to explain it. If you look at it from the standpoint of the pure definition of the International business, it's about 8%, 9% of our business. If you take a step back and you say let's look at North American versus non-North American, most of our International business is in Canada and then Mexico and then the rest of the world. So if I looked at outside of North America, and I don't have the stamp right in front of me. It's between 1% and 1.5% of our sales that's outside North America.
Daniel Florness: I guess 2011 we'll see how it plays out and how the marketplace looks at our stock and the type of cash we generate. In 2009, 2010, we really chose to return cash to our shareholder base and even we did some buybacks in '09, the dollars were really centered on returning cash in those years to our shareholders to do with what they saw fit in the marketplace. From a tax standpoint, it's still an efficient way we’re returning dollars to our shareholder base. It looks like that will be in place for another couple of years, that efficiency. So we'll see how things play out as far as how we return dollars to our shoulders. But unfortunately, we're in the position where we have a nice strong free cash flow to do either or. But in 2010 and for the most part 2009, we chose to just return dollars to our shoulders as a dividend.
Daniel Florness: It happened slightly although at a much better level than we saw in 2009. There's no doubt about it. 2009 you saw a fair number of business failures. You're still seeing some of that in 2010. And so you're still seeing some bad debts being realized. But in the context of our P&L and the context of overall business extremely manageable figure.
Daniel Florness: I'm always frustrated when it's over 30 basis points. And so you couldn't imagine how the fun person be around in the last two years. But when it was north of that. When I look at 2011, I don't want to get ahead of myself, but just based on the trend of the last two years, we were north of 40 basis points, at least that was the number in 2009. We've had that down closer to the upper 30s. It'd be nice to keep wiggling that down as we move through 2011, with the eventual goal of getting that to low-30 basis points. But time will see how that plays out.
Daniel Florness: It was stronger in the fourth quarter than it had been all year long. It was just shy of 4%. But it had been between 2% and 3% in the first three quarters. So just seeing that move north was a positive sign to see.
Daniel Florness: Good question. I was asking my folks just the end of last week when I was going through some of the data. I said, what's going on that could pull it up that way? A big chunk of our business and part of it is the way you look at the data, you measure the data, we use mix codes as you would suspect. And included in our customer grouping is something that shows us the next code as a reseller. It's a little bit of a fuzzy category because some contractors spending on how that the next code of class so I could show up there as can a true reseller. That business grew quite nicely in the fourth quarter and in the month of December. And that pulled the overall piece up. And I believe, and I don't have that stuff right in front of me, that's between, it's just north of 15% of our sales and it grew well above the company number. My suspicion is some of those contractor like businesses, an electrician could easily show up as a reseller because they're an electrician, they have a small front room to their business. And even though they're really supporting construction, they're showing there. I think there's been some pickups in construction that maybe won't be necessarily apparent in all the published data.
Daniel Florness: Well, I'll explain those, there's a few factors. One, what we've historically said about our vendor-incentive portion of gross margin. It's around 100 basis points. And what you saw as we went through 2009, that kept getting whittled away. And then as we got into 2010, that snapped back nicely in the first six months and we're at or slightly above that level as we end the year, which again, puts us in a nice position for the new year. So that's one piece of the equation. The other piece that we've talked about, when you look at when there is some inflation going on, when there is some fluidity to pricing. One of the things that people sometimes don't like about our business is the fact that our inventory turns about twice a year. Fortunately, for us our gross margins make it provide for us to get a great return still on that inventory. In a period of deflating times, as we saw in 2009, that beats the heck out of us because you're selling higher priced product on the shelf for quite a few months into a weakening marketplace. And in a marketplace, where our prices are going up, six months of inventory and maybe 10 or 11 months of import inventory plays out a little better. In that it affords you the opportunity to see the pricing changes as they're happening to have a better plan for how you're going to react to that price increase or price change. And it allows you a three to seven-month window of some pricing flexibility.
Daniel Florness: I don't want to punk on the question, but I will to at certain degree that you're probably over thinking it a little bit from the way we look at the business. And what we're able to understand in our business is the trends that we lay out, the sequential patterns to our business. We also understand the store openings, the growth plans we have as far as adding sales people both store based and non-store based. We kind of look at all those pieces, and we say based on this, what do we think is a reasonable way to plan our business? And plan our business for the new year just as we did coming into 2010. In 2011, we're coming to the year, we say based on all these things, what's a reasonable range for growth? We think that's a reasonable range. If you look at that and say the economy is stronger or there's some inflation, we would hope that would be a range that we would be at the high-end of that bidding. If the economy were to take a dip down or deflation, which I'd surprised by but if those kind of things happened, it beats you up towards the lower end. But I can't cite for you the fact that we assume this kind of GDP growth. What I will say is we do pay attention to the ISM. If we see an ISM [Institute for Supply Management] number that were all of a sudden change appreciatively that tends to lead our business by about three months. And so it will give us a little room to react as far as some of our expectations.
Daniel Florness: Well, again, thank you, everybody for joining in our conference call this morning. Hope this, combined with our press release is informative for our shareholder base and analyst community in understanding not only our business in 2010, but a little bit of understanding of how we're approaching 2011. Thank you, and have a good day.
