Dan Florness: That question gets pretty involved, because there is so many dynamics that kick into play. For example, at the start of the year, we talked about a goal that we expressed to our people in December of adding 3,000 people into our stores. Now that was anticipating a top-line growth a world away from what we’re actually seeing. And so what you have seen is that number in the first six months is just over 900 people into our stores. And I would suspect that when the dust settles at the end of this year, we won’t double that number because November and December, we typically pull back but you’re probably going to see a 1,600 1,700 [ph] kind of increase. But the dynamic that comes into play is if we saw our business picking up for some reason, we’d ramp that number up. In a single-digit environment, we will endeavor to keep our operating expenses growing in a fashion that you saw in the second quarter. It will be a little challenging. The one thing that helps us is last year, we had a little bit stronger growth and so some of our incentive comp was a little bit higher. And that’s providing one of the puts and takes to keep helping us, keep our operating expenses low. But if all of a sudden our sales growth was to take off, you’d see us adding people little bit faster, you would see our incentive expense expand quite quickly and you would see your operating expense growth move from that low single-digit into the middle single-digit. To me, I wish to think about it in context of what do I think about our incremental margin and I feel very good about our ability to -- I was surprised quite frankly by the fact that we hit 40. I thought a number in the 30s would be pretty good. And I think a number of -- around that 30% neighborhood is a pretty good target for us to strive for in the next few quarters.
Dan Florness: I would expect pretty quiet on the gross margin front in the third and fourth. There is really -- the drop in rebate side, I indicated -- I see that’s a transitory issue. If our growth gets stronger that number improves as well.
Dan Florness: Probably the most noteworthy thing that hits from first to second is we get out of the heating season. And even though energy prices are better than they have been in the past, it still costs money to heat; and that steps out and you see that benefit from first to second. Second to third, I don’t see anything that would cause me to think last year’s sequential pattern would be anything outside the norm.
Dan Florness: Well, first off on the CapEx, if you look at that number over an extended period of years, say, ten years or so, what you would see is our CapEx kind of hovered in 25% to 30% of earnings zone typically. And that number as we’ve indicated about three to four years ago, that number moved up dramatically when we were doing two big things at once. We were automating our distribution centers; we were rapidly building up an inventory of machines to deploy. And so we never had to be in a situation where a customer wanted a machine and we didn’t have one to deploy. And so I think we had a high watermark of CapEx at 44% of earnings. And we really saw this year going down closer to that 30% number and probably being in that kind of zone going forward. So that gives us flexibility from the standpoint of free cash. Free cash, I think our bias still leads towards the dividend. We have a lot of shareholders that I believe have grown accustom to that. We have attracted some shareholders because of that aspect of our business, a growth organization over time that pays out a meaningful yield on the stock. Quite frankly, the marketplace has pushed us to buy back some stock by how you price the stock. If our stock had a price that was materially higher than it is today, we won’t be having this discussion, I don’t think. And so, I think the question on allocation in the future is really going to center on where is our valuation. And I don’t mean from an absolute perspective, I mean where is our valuation from a relative perspective, where is our valuation relative to our peers. And the tighter that number is we’re probably more inclined to buy back all the stock.
Dan Florness: The 13 store closures really doesn’t affect the numbers that much. Typically most of those employees go into an adjoining -- a neighboring store and it increases our selling potential because you don’t have any -- you don’t have all that labor that’s tethered to the store. But in the short-term that expense is pretty nominal on its impact. I am looking at the copy of the Q here. And our employee related expenses were up about 1% in the second quarter. Our occupancy related expenses were up about 3.5%, and most of that centers on vending. And then our selling transportation expenses, similar to what we saw in the first quarter, it’s down around 20%, 21%. And if I look at our fuel component of that, in the first quarter, we spent just under $9 million in fuel, that’s total fuel, that’s in cost of goods; about half of that’s in cost of goods for diesel going to semis, about half of that’s in operating expenses, the gas that goes into our pickups at the store. And that number was just over $9 million in the second quarter. So, similar savings what we saw last year, about $3 million saved us.
Dan Florness: Absolutely. I mean first half of your question was -- the linkage, is a direct language. Those customers that we have a lot of OEM relationship with, I was just at a plant last week in Redmond, Washington that we are on site with a lot of OEM business and I saw a lot of blue vending machines I was walking around those two facilities I was in. And so they are very tightly related. But the weakness we are seeing in our top 100 customers, heavily, heavily weights on what you are seeing on the vending because vending quite frankly, if you think about the vending machine, our goal with the FAST 5000 is when we place it, our goal is to get $2,000 in monthly revenue. And so vending by its nature tends to lend itself to a larger customer rather than a smaller customer because the $500 a month customer, if we’re getting a lion’s share of the business, they are probably -- they are not a target for a vending machine where you are targeting 2,000 -- that I spend.
Dan Florness: We are targeting every customer that has the business potential to justify it, whether that customer is a national account or a local account and in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. We are bringing that value to customers that the vending machine is valuable to. So that customer has to spend to make economic sense for their business to have vending, we’re bringing it to them; we don’t care what group they’re in.
Dan Florness: I don’t have that number handy right off the cuff. That number is probably mid single digits I guess.
Dan Florness: And that number is -- so much of our growth is coming from -- there is two components to our growth. There is active account growth and there is dollars per active. So much of our growth has been centered on dollars per active in this environment because all of our growth drivers with the exception of the people we’ve been adding now in the last 12 months. But the growth drivers of the last three or four years have really centered on means to additional dollars per active because it’s very, very profitable growth for us.
Dan Florness: The exchange rate drag from a pricing standpoint was about 1%. If you look at our year-over-year number, most of the drag comes from mix and not from pricing. I’d say probably a quarter of a 1% drag -- a quarter of our drop in the gross profit was more about pricing.
Dan Florness: I believe so. We’ve touched on that and really talked about the mix; what it does to gross profit but the inherent cost structure that we have and the ability to leverage that cost structure. One of the things I shared with our board yesterday is if you look at our business, we have the 80% of our business that’s gone through either U.S. or Canadian store and 20% of our business that’s either going through what we call an onsite situation or a strategic account store where we have a very close tight relationship with a large customer or our non-U.S. and Canadian store business. If I set those aside and look at the 80% of store business, when we set up the Pathway to Profit back in 2007, most of our business was going through that piece that store piece. And we said as this piece continues to mature, we could take the operating margins from the 18.3 we are at, to north of 23. This quarter if I look at strictly the store subset, so that chunk of business that represents about 80% of our sales, we were at north of 23%. So we actually hit our pathway to profit target in that subset of stores. And we’ve always said that’s a point in time number because that group of stores is about 106,000 a month in business. So, I think it’s very, very bullish for our long-term ability to drive the profit machine that is Fastenal.
Dan Florness: Well, I mean the leverage that we described in Pathway to Profit, that’s structural. That’s a case of our occupancy, as a percentage of sales, continues to decline because we’re running more dollars through that same building. The portion of our labor that’s tethered to the store becomes the smaller and smaller portion of our labor pool. Those kinds of things are structural. The things that aren’t structural that are part of the tug-of-war of life if you will is one of the challenges Lee put out to the team and I think the team responded tremendously to is hey folks, we’re investing and adding all these people; we can’t spend money doing other things; we’ve always been frugal with travel and sometimes we joke about some of the things we do when we travel because that’s who we are. We’ve doubled down on that. Now, how permanent that component is, is a function of the tug-of-war of life. If we were growing faster, Lee’s message might not have resonated quite as deeply with our district managers, our national accounts folks, our regionals because they might be traveling a little bit more because they are visiting more customers, they visiting more people, they are more things. And sometimes you dial that back, maybe you don’t need to have that meeting; maybe you have that meeting as a conference call rather than a face-to-face; maybe you do these things in the short-term, but those in the scheme of our expense pool are relatively small but they are very symbolic. And the fact that we managed our travel, our non-store operating expenses as well as we did, I think was enhanced by the called action that Lee put out there, three, six and 12 months ago but we demonstrated we can do it when we need to do it because when you are growing your top line 5%, you’ve got to do things like that that maybe you won’t have to do if you were growing at 12 to 14.
Dan Florness: That will be in our Q. Let me see if I have that page handy here. Let’s see, on a machine equivalent basis, okay, the signings number would be 3,931 versus the 2,916 we did in the first quarter. The installs at the end of the period would be 37,714 versus 35,997 at the end of first quarter and I think the rest of stuff was in our release.
Dan Florness: We have a group of store employees, district managers and national account members that are keyed at driving that number because one thing that we know about our business that we keep reiterating with our team, the vending machine is a sign of engagement with your customer. If you are truly engaged with your customer, you should be able to put vending machines out there and it makes the business stickier and it’s good common sense, have a reason to be in talking to your customer multiple times a week.
Dan Florness: Our goal is always to be as close to 30 as we can. And I was frankly surprised by -- pleasantly surprised by the fact we were able to hit 40 despite the fact that June came a little weaker than we thought it was going to be. And I noted that on the last calls, we get antsy when that number is below 25. Because that number isn’t at least better than our operating profit, what’s causing us to…
Dan Florness: If we’re losing that because we’re consciously making an investment in something, that’s one thing but our anxiousness rises if we’re not meaningfully beating that number.
Dan Florness: We have seen the impact in our revenue; we have seen the impact in our gross profit. It’s difficult to quantify it, because sometimes there is a lot of noise in the numbers. We have different customers and there you have customers we are changing the source of supply because you’re bringing a better cost value to them. It’s not just in steel; it could be in non-steel products as well. But there is no doubt about steel is creating headwind for us and it’s creating some challenges; it also creates some opportunities. Earlier on -- when I asked about our gross margin change, I indicated about half of the drop from Q1 to Q2, centered on our supplier incentives and probably about quarter of the drop related to the impacts of pricing.
Lee Hein: And Flavio, we don’t care whether it’s gloves, office supplies, beverage, water. We look at the customer and we go in; we do a process mapping and we try to tailor our deployment by size of machine, number of machines to really give them the benefit of vending. We have a smaller 3000 we have a 5000, we have lockers. And so we really try to come to the customer with some type of solution that fits their business needs.
Lee Hein: June was disappointing, there is no question and even at the 1% on the extra day it was not where we wanted it. And when you look at and you talk about outside of the oil and gas, some bright spots for us I look at some things that are happening taking place within the business in Florida and California in some of our Midwest regions, we’re starting to see Canada when you really factor in the native currency is actually performing well. And so this oil and gas thing as we’ve talked before Ryan, it’s just got such a ripple effect through the economy and through the business that it’s just waiting astound. But if you look at non-res, that’s we think and when we look at our information, we believe that’s heavily tied to oil and gas. So that’s a factor. We look at ag and heavy manufacturing, all headwinds right now for us.
Lee Hein: Let me just add here -- yes, Rob, I’d just add one thing though and you have to link this together that when you put a call out to the troops and you get them into the why and I said that at the opening, they were asking and they want to grow; their commission plans are setup that ways. So, they want to grow; they want to take market share; they want to serve at a higher level. So, when you put out that we want to add energy in your store but I need a little help over here; that’s what we’re talking about. They saw the reason and they responded like Dan said, the team just did a tremendous job.
Lee Hein: I think the other thing too Rob is again I worked in the store and when you -- and again, it’s a world of competition and we like that, we love it. And so when a competitor comes in and they see our blue machines in there, our folks are starting to understand that how tough it is for the competition to get us out. And it’s a learning curve with 2,600 stores, 2,700 that more and more stores are adopting, more and more stores are seeing the benefit, more customers. And for me personally, if I am in a store and I have a customer with vending and I show you and take you to that customer and you see it in action, that is how we continue to see more engagement and more adoption in the field.
Lee Hein: I think it’s -- what we said earlier, I think, this is actually linked to what’s going on with our national accounts. Everybody is engaged with vending, whether it’s a local store; district managers; regionals; and national accounts, but as our national accounts are providing the growth, are also providing a lot of what we’re seeing on our vending right now.
