Dan Florness: We have one other comment. Before we switch over to Q&A. In the last several quarters, I have shared with you our employee COVID numbers and I neglected to mention that earlier and I just wanted to run through these with you. So since the start of COVID-19, we have had 1,685 cases within the Fastenal Blue Team family. With just over 20,000 employees, that’s roughly 8.5% of our employees contracted COVID. I consider that a low number when you look at the fact that unlike many organizations, our employees didn’t have the luxury of being able to work out of a room in their basement or home office. Our employees go to work every day and work in a manufacturing facility, a distribution center, work in a branch or Onsite location or drive a truck, and so they are actively engaged with customers in their environment. If I look at the peak, our peak period was November of 2020. We had 430 cases or roughly 86 per week. To give you a contrast, in March of 2021, we had 102 cases or 26 per week, a drop of 70%. We think that is a sign of what’s happening in the underlying marketplace and makes us bullish as we look out into 2021. We will switch over to Q&A now, please.
Dan Florness: You know what, here’s I’d say about that. If we could -- we were probably $15 million, maybe a little bit more light in the hubs versus what we would have expected to be going into the quarter. And the reason for that is because we simply couldn’t move product from where it was into our hubs as quickly as demand began to accelerate. And so to the question of, are we carrying a bunch of buffer inventory? No, I wouldn’t say that we are carrying a bunch of buffer inventory. I am not sure there’s a lot of buffer inventory in the channel. But what I think is impressive about what our field does is, culturally, we have always empowered individuals in our business units to make very independent decisions. And this is not the first time that they have been called upon to go out and source product where we haven’t been able to provide it out of the hub in certain cases. And when I sort of send out the survey to the RVPs, one of the comments that came through loud and clear is, whatever supply chain disruptions are happening at the customer level, it’s not because we aren’t getting them product. We are managing to source product locally in the field and we are continuing to keep up with things. But it does involve a lot more effort and time sourcing that product. But I think that’s one of the strengths of the organization. And so supply chain is not unique to Fastenal in terms of the tightness that’s out there, but I think we are uniquely structured to manage it and navigate it. I think we saw that in Q1 and I think that’s good for a -- in terms of market share gains over time. It does have a little bit of a margin impact, right? I mean, sourcing outside our supply chain isn’t quite as profitable as sourcing within it and you saw some of that in the fastener line. But as we normalize the supply chain as you go through the year, to the extent we can, I think, you will see that effect moderate.
Dan Florness: Only thing I would have to add is, masks were -- the 3-ply mask was a unique item for us. There aren’t other products that are like that and where we went out and bought that kind of supply. And so from that standpoint, we have priced this now where it can more easily sell in the marketplace. Our local teams are motivated to grow their business and grow it profitably if we have expensive inventory itself and that could spend a lot of time trying to sell it and we want that inventory to turn.
Dan Florness: Yeah. This is a guess, Dave, and I would be surprised to see it drop below 20%. And because there’s a group of customers that are now safety customers, there’s a group of customers that are expanded safety customers. And I have to believe as, even in the balance of 2021, I think, there’s going to be a lot thing, a lot of habits that formed that will continue as we go through the year and I will speak to firsthand knowledge of what some things we are doing. So roughly, 93%, 94% of our employees can’t work remotely, I mentioned that earlier. Around 6% of our employees can work remotely, because they are in supporting roles. And we did ask -- strongly asked a lot of those folks to go home a year ago, because we wanted to create a safer environment for everybody else, the people that had to be here. We have folks that are coming back and we are doing a lot of things as far as putting up partitions and different things that we didn’t do over the last 12 months, because it wasn’t necessary because the rooms were empty. But we are putting up Plexiglas barriers and we are putting in a lot of sanitizing stuff, because people are returning to work. That’s going to create a core demand. But I’d be surprised to see a drop below 20%, and if it does, it’s because everything else grew faster than I am expecting.
Dan Florness: Well, the capital -- the cost of the device is much different. It’s -- what essentially – I mean, and I will talk to the RFID, because that’s our -- that’s the biggest piece of it, at least it is currently. We will see if the IR beams within MRO bins, how big that becomes relative to it. But what it really is, is think of a Kanban system. And in that Kanban system, right now what you have is somebody has to physically go out and observe empty bins or gather the empty bins. What really changes in an RFID environment is, when that bin is empty, there’s a -- think of it as a set of shelves and up above, there’s this open box and you put the bin up there and there’s an RFID tag that reads it and it tells our branch. It actually tells our supply chain team, we need to replenish this bin. And so, the biggest thing is the labor efficiency, but it also allows us to illuminate much more of the supply chain for the customer, so they can really see it and can operate a little bit leaner and we can reduce the inventory. I believe the inventory lean-up for our customer will fund the capital it takes for the actual devices because the only thing that’s really changing is the technology enablement. The bins are the bins, they were there before. You have an RFID tag on them. So the capital piece is relatively modest, except for the actual communication talking, but the economics are better than bedding. And the real reason is, it becomes much more labor efficient to serve that business in the marketplace.
Dan Florness: …and Holden can be mad at me for this, Adam. When I was reading through Holden’s flipbook, I saw that he had put in that sentence about the 300 to 350 range. There are certain times I go into Holden and I tell him my discrete with them and certain times I tell them I agree with them. So this is one where I don’t know that I agree with him. He’s probably right. But I don’t know if I agree with him. And that is, I think, if you look at first quarter, I believe 29 of our 68 signings were in the month of March. So it did tick up as we went through the quarter. Now that’s not an unusual pattern because January is usually tentative and February was weaker because of the storm, as you mentioned. I think the risk of signings this year is more about customers really being busy and they just can’t think about it right now. They just can’t do it right now. And I think that’s the risk of it not getting to that 100 per quarter pace. And that’s the only reason I didn’t ask Holden to remove that sentence from both the earnings release and the flipbook. Otherwise, I’d ask him to remove it because I think the model is great, I think the market is receptive to it and I think we could ramp up faster. But there is that one risk that people are too busy to let it happen because change always takes energy and where do you want to prioritize your energy. But I am not completely in agreement with Holden on this one. But he’s -- if I were a betting person, he’s probably more right. But my message to our team internally is there’s no reason why in the second half of the year, we shouldn’t be at 100 a quarter. And the question is, can we get there in the month of - or in the second quarter and I will happily be wrong.
Dan Florness: …is just keep things in context, the $15 million that Holden cites, that’s about a day’s worth of inventory. So it’s a number. You’ve helped -- disclosing it was helpful. But in the context of things, we are blessed with an incredible supply chain and incredible resiliency as far as where the intake point is for inventory. The question is always the price point, but it’s a day’s worth of inventory.
Dan Florness: When I think of limit to growth, I think of demand, I do not think of supply. When you talked about in February, there was a number of things that caused problems. One was you had plants down there with no power for -- our distribution center in Dallas was shut down for five days because we didn’t have electricity. And so you had a lot of examples where -- I grew up in the North, I grew up in Wisconsin, so I realize that when temperatures get into the single digits, things freeze and you saw a lot of that. You had good plants that where there was no electricity and they weren’t operating and you had pipes freezing. You had hundreds and thousands of feet of pipes being replaced in a lot of facilities because they froze and they broke. And so the issue was one of the no power and then damage from the environment or no natural gas and essentially no energy to operate. That’s a different scenario than what we are describing here. Our limiting factor is demand and our ability to find more customers every day that want to use us as a supply chain partner.
Dan Florness: So it is five minutes to the hour and I guess we will wrap up to Q&A. And I just want to thank everybody for listening in today and thanks for your support of the Fastenal Blue Team. Take care now.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way we described it was simply an environment where you are seeing an increase in costs around transportation. You are seeing it in steel. You are seeing it in fuel and that ultimately goes through plastics. So, I think, in general, we are seeing an inflationary environment and I suspect that that doesn’t surprise anybody. It also shouldn’t surprise anybody, I believe, that we are going to react to that a number of ways, but a part of that is going to involve pricing behavior. And so in the second quarter, we are going to have to institute some price increases as a means of mitigating things. So when I talked about the 60 basis points to 90 basis points of impact from price in the first quarter, I do expect that to be higher as we get into the second half of this year. Now will it be outside of our normal sort of 0% to 2% range? No. I don’t think it will be. I don’t think it’s anything of that order of magnitude and I think that our objectives remain the same. And that is to neutralize the impact on our margin and essentially stay even within the marketplace and I think those are our goals. But in order to do that, obviously, we will have to take actions, given where the market is today. I guess the good news, maybe let us call it the news is that right now our customers are really busy. Our customers are seeing these types of actions from a lot of different quarters and so there’s always a conversation. This is an environment where inevitably customers for -- within these supply chains start wondering if there’s other places that they could get a better piece price and that’s the kind of thing that happens in the marketplace and during periods of inflation. But we are not seeing anything unusual or different in the marketplace in terms of an inflationary environment than I think we have experienced in the past, and we expect to be able to manage through it.
Holden Lewis: I will just add a comment and that is when I think of environments like this historically, I -- as many of you know, I have a financial background. So being at an organization that has months of inventory on hand because of our network and how we operate while it’s an expensive way to operate, it’s also an incredibly resilient way to operate. I think that shined through in 2020. I think that has shined through in the years past when there’s a little bit of chaos going on in the supply chain. It allows us to be a little bit more agile because we do have some inventory on the shelf.  What we are really seeing in changes is and I mentioned it to our own employees on an internal video. Historically, our supply chain team might be pinging branches with reorder points that are 90 days out, 100 days out, 110 days out. What our supply chain teams are doing, we are going out even further. We are going out into August and September and we are pinging folks and saying, hey, we might want to order this now. We might want to do some things now, get it in motion now because there are some disruptions. We want to be in queue for product.  One thing that has historically helped us for being in queue for product, we are an organization that is known in the industry for being incredibly responsive to paying its bills. We have a strong cash position. We can move faster than anybody else as a result and that positions us well. And history has told, being in environments like this. I believe it tips to scale towards Fastenal a bit on its ability to take market share, because we will have inventory, we will have opportunities and abilities to move in the marketplace that some of our competitors won’t. And I am primarily talking about a lot of the more local competitors as opposed to some of the national players.
Holden Lewis: No. It doesn’t clear the decks. The fact is, it’s still a good product and it’s still moving. The only difference in the market is that the value of it relative to when we purchased it is lower today than it was and that’s just about market dynamics. So a full write-off of that wouldn’t have been appropriate or frankly necessary. So that’s probably how I’d characterize that.
Holden Lewis: So I think your question was, in part, is there a risk of another write-down? I mean, the product that’s on the shelf is good product for the next 15 months and the expectation is that, we will be able to sell what’s remaining on our shelves over the course of that 15-month period.
Holden Lewis: Well, we think that that potential is there. I would say the supply chain issues, pricing issues, those are more sort of run of the mill issues within distribution historically, whereas what occurred last year was generally unique and intense, right? So, I mean, on an order of magnitude, do I think that you are going to see $350 million to $360 million of sales that you wouldn’t have otherwise in this current environment? No, nothing of that sort. But going back to what, Dan and I talked about a moment ago, the ability of our people in the field to be able to go out and find product independently to fill in gaps that we may have as our traditional supply chain is perhaps a little tight. I think that, that is an advantage to our business. It was an advantage last year, as Dan talked about. I mean, a lot of the customers that we source and things like that, there was a local element to that. I think it will be an advantage this year just because right now what our customers are concerned about as demand goes up is having a product available and the flexibility in our business and in our model. I think that’s going to provide us an advantage when making sure that service levels remain high and availability remains high, that I think it’s going to give us market share. But I wouldn’t expect anything so intense as what you saw last year at this time.
Holden Lewis: And maybe to put some numbers to that for you as well, Dave. The -- in the first quarter, we generated a little over $60 million in revenues from customers that had not purchased PPE from us prior to the second quarter of last year and that amounts to a little over 1% of our sales. And I think that amounts to market share gains. And so when you think about where we were before and you think about those types of customers now being a part of our mix and contributing more than 1% to our -- to share, I think, that Dan’s right. We have always sort of thought 2021, 22% is probably where this settles out and I think that, that’s still right.
Holden Lewis: No, I don’t think there’s any need to rethink it. Again, we are taking actions to try to mitigate some of the pressures that we are seeing. I think the guidance that -- guidance is probably a strong word. But I think the suggestion that I made coming out of Q -- coming out of the last quarterly discussion was that, yeah, I expect gross margin to be up a little bit this quarter -- this year and - but we are probably talking about 50 basis points or less. The flip side of that is SG&A leverage will come up against the difficult comps of last year. And I would expect there to be marginal leverage on SG&A when you think about the comps and things of that nature. And then ultimately, what that translates into is an incremental margin for the year that’s kind of in the 20% to 25% range. And I think that was kind of what we discussed last quarter’s call, and honestly, I don’t think anything about that has changed.
Holden Lewis: Well, I mean, fill-in buys -- no, it’s not meaning -- we are not talking about tens and tens of basis points here. It’s relatively small at this point. And again, we do believe that over the course of the year, we will smooth out the supply chain a bit, and of course, we will be taking pricing actions to mitigate some of those pressures as well, right? So, no, I don’t think that those are major matters.
Holden Lewis: Sure. So, if you recall, last quarter what we said is, we talked about a $375 million to $400 million, because we wanted to convey to people that we believe that’s what the market can support and we continue to believe that’s what the market can support. But we also said at the time that business conditions would have to meaningfully improve in order for us to achieve that. And whereas I do believe that business conditions have improved, they haven’t normalized to where they were pre pandemic at this point, and the fact is in Q1, we landed $68 million. And so to be on the type of pace that we would have to do to do closer to 400, given that we have booked 68 in quarter one, it just seems like a stretch. When the conditions haven’t fully normalized from where we were before, right? That’s the one area that I believe is still being affected by COVID-related accommodations. So, given that, I think that it was worth -- I mean, I think, we sort of, I think, gave indication that this seemed like a high potential scenario when we talked last quarter and it just seemed like a prudent thing to do. Now note, we have kind of said the same thing about FMI this quarter, right? We believe that the market can support 23,000 to 25,000 weighted FMI devices. But we are going to need to see the activity levels continue to improve even from where it was Q1 to get there. Right now we are probably pacing a little bit low. But I think the important thing to just reiterate is, I don’t think this has anything to do with the receptivity of the tools that we are providing in the marketplace. I don’t believe that there’s any belief on the part of our organization that we can’t achieve those levels. But the environment is still normalizing. It’s not there yet, and as a result, we may come in a little bit shorter, but the trend line is up.
Holden Lewis: Well, I know in Q1, obviously, we talked about the hubs being down $15 million-plus versus what we would have expected. And we need more product to make its way across. And as it does, I would expect the hub inventories to rise. I am not sure that we have necessarily put a number to that and I think a lot of it’s going to depend on the degree to which demand continues to run the way that it is. So - but I do believe that we are light on inventory in the hubs. As inflation continues to run through, I think, that will put some upward pressure on values of inventory as well. So I am not sure I have a good answer for you in terms of what the ultimate number is. But that’s part of the answer to addressing what we are seeing in the supply chain and improving our service levels. But right now, we are a little bit low on inventory, we are a little bit low on fulfillment levels and we need to correct that. And in Q1, it would have required $15 million more and I think that builds a little bit as you get into Q2 and the supply chain pressures build. Now that will be offset to some degree with the work that we are doing internally to take out slow and no moving inventory. In terms of reducing the branch count, which the field continues to take some of the branches out, that makes sense to them. Those sort - I think, when we talk a little bit about the customer fulfillment center, which is a form of branch, which has much more customized and tailored inventory, those are all initiatives that I think are very sustainable. We will continue to mitigate the effects of supply chain over the course of the year. But right now, our inventory would be better off in having a little bit more in it than it does and that’s going to motivate our work on improving the supply chain.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, on some level as well, I mean, there are industries out there. I think the RVPs that are affected by auto talk about some lines shutting down because of availability of chips and things like that. So you might be referring to that as well. But you would know as well as we do what industries are having issues because of products that aren’t related to our products. Our objective is to make sure that when a customer needs something that we can supply that we can get that, we’ve been effective doing that. We can’t control the chip supply chain or how that might flow through.
Holden Lewis: Yeah, I mean, there’s -- unfortunately, there’s no industry resource that tallies up how all the distributors do and gives anything definitive on that. So, I think, that we had an interesting picture provided to us around safety and the pandemic and new customers and things like that. But new customer acquisition is not usually so dramatic as what you saw during that period of time. So I think it’s really difficult to say. What I would say is we continue to grow as a business. And I think if you look at industrial production and things of that nature, I don’t think that you are seeing that grow. There are some surveys that are done out there. And certainly through February, those surveys were still pointing to distribution being negative. Industrial production was still slightly negative. We were growing. So, I think, those are the ways that I usually look at it to judge or understand the degree to which we are gaining market share. Historically, we have outgrown our industry. Historically, we have outgrown industrial production. I think that that continued through Q1. I think the numbers are out there for you to evaluate and I think we will continue to do that.
Holden Lewis: Well, I don’t know, I mean, if you look at the construction business, and interestingly, this has been one that in recent months, the RVPs have been talking about it getting better and better, and the numbers really didn’t move and so it’s nice to see them begin to move. But I mean, if you look at construction, in January, construction was down 9% and February was down 14.5% and in March, it was flat. And so that marks fairly significant improvement. Now, you are right, the comps got easier. But I mean, that’s true within manufacturing, which caused it to go from up 5% to up 1% to up 11%, right? So the comps are going to play a role. But the RVPs have been reporting for the last several months that the construction -- the tone of the construction market was getting better and there has been a bit of a lag to that. But it feels to me like both of those end markets are improving versus where they have been.
