Willard D. Oberton: Yes, Ryan, as you know, we don't give guidance, but if you look at our sequential pattern, historical patterns for the first half of the year, which is pretty well mapped out, we should be able to do the high teens if not better. But we're comfortable, 15% to 20%, we're very comfortable saying we should be at that or maybe a little better.
Willard D. Oberton: There's actually -- we could talk all day, but I'll just give you 2 of them. One is we are developing new software and we're testing it in 2 districts, so probably 25 stores, and the feedback has been huge. The estimate is that it could save up to an hour per machine per day -- or excuse me, per week. So you look at that and you're -- it's $4 per machine out there in labor savings just because of the software. Just streamlines the flow of the product and the invoicing. Great opportunity to save some dollars and some time. The second is we implemented or introduced a vending incentive to give our store managers, district managers and all of our outside sales people a meaningful opportunity to make more money if they sell a certain number of machines. What we're really doing we're trying to buy their time. They're getting pulled in a hundred different directions and this is a way for us to get them more focused, and believe it will give us a little boost going into the new year.
Willard D. Oberton: On the fastener pricing, we haven't heard much yet. We believe that -- it's also saying that iron ore's going to be down. So there could be a little deflation on the fasteners next year, but we historically have been pretty good at keeping that, not having to pass as much of it along. But right now, we haven't seen anything from our suppliers. We haven't seen pressure from our customers to push it down or to pass it along our suppliers to give it to us. So it's a pretty long-cycle thing from ore all the way to a processed fastener. But as far as your question on our margin range, we state 51% to 53% this year. We came -- for the last 2 years, we've been right at 51.8%, and I think that's a good number for 2012. Looking at it right now, we're 10 days into the year -- or 12 days.
Willard D. Oberton: We don't have an exact number because it blends in with the store, but the trade-off is actually very small because the more our people are out selling vending, the key to that sentence is about selling. And so they make hundreds of calls to sell 1 or 2 machines or dozens. It's a small ratio. And the more we keep them out selling, the overall business benefits. And I've actually talked to our managers about this recently, if they were to sell 1 machine per month -- and this is the group last week, 25 managers, I said if you were to sign 1 machine per month, how many days per month would it disrupt your business? And the answer from the group was 1 day, it takes one day to install it. So they have 19 to 20 days to go out and sell everything else. If we could sell 1 machine per month per store, you can do the math and see what it would do for us. It would be -- and I'm not saying we would. But it's a very small disruption for the gain. And we are going to continue to open stores. It's not a 1:1 trade, it's probably a 9:1 positive.
Willard D. Oberton: Okay. What is added on to -- I think if I -- the majority of our machines today are going into customers that have never had vending through Fastenal or probably in most cases never had vending. There is a number of the machines that are going into existing customers that signed up a year ago and they want more, but I actually don't have a breakout on that. But still the majority of them are new signings. I would say at least 70%. But the importance, I think, in that question is that as we sign up more customers -- I looked at our top 100 list at the end of the year, of customers with -- number of machines per customer, and going through it and adding up in my head, I think that we're probably less than 10% penetrated into these customers, many of them big Fortune companies. We're just planting seeds is the way I look at it. So I hope the ratio changes with growth if they're going into customers that already have it.
Willard D. Oberton: I think I'll add one point, and that's the 26,000 customers we sell to does not include all the potentials that are not buying from us today, which is a much greater number.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, it's only about -- it's just under 20%, Adam. It moves around a little bit, but just below 20%. As you do, I get an 18%, a 19%, a 20%.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, we're still very optimistic about the metalworking. In fact, we made a decision in October to recruit and add another 20 to 25 metalworking specialists, which will get us up into the mid-60s. The machines are available. We've signed some, but I don't have the exact number, but they are going out being installed. I've seen a few pictures come back of installed machines. So those are available, and from the reports back, they seem to be working well, the machines out there. We continue to expand the inventory in the warehouse. Actually, that's kind of a little slower than we planned. And part of it is a little bit of caution from our suppliers, which I appreciate, because they're saying, "Let's not put it all in until we really understand what you need because they don't want to return." So it's a lot -- a more thoughtful process, but we continue to add every month, continue to add SKUs and continue to add suppliers. So we have the customers in the field that are buying the product, our fastener customer base. We have sales expertise out there. We've also done a good job with our sales people having the stores of taking this training through Tooling U. We have the online training. We have hundreds of store people that are certified. Not to an expert level but a very high knowledge level, so they can go out and talk the talk with their customers. And then if there's an interest, they can bring in a higher-level expert either from our team or from the supply team. Really nothing new there other than continued effort and still believe the opportunity is a very good opportunity for the long run.
Willard D. Oberton: And in the first year, being 2011, it probably actually adds expense because we have to clean up the store. We have to move the product. We have to, many times, pay out a lease. Net-net, it's just about going forward with our business, a more efficient business model. There's nothing in there that we saved a bunch of money by closing a handful stores.
Willard D. Oberton: And from a geographic standpoint, we really saw pretty good growth throughout North America and our International business. There isn't an area where we're looking at it and saying that area of the country or the world is just slow because of economic reasons.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, our state and local business, as Dan said, is growing well above the company. We have the teams in place, we have 32 people in the states, we have a person in every state that we have a contract focusing on the government. I believe we're hitting our progress goals. What we look at -- internally, the way we think of this, and we think of it the same way as vending, metalworking, government, is that we're expanding the market for the local store. So if you're in a local business here in Winona, Minnesota and we just picked up the state contract, which we did, now that store has more opportunity to go out and grow their mark over a long period of time. If we introduce a new product line that we've really sourced well and we believe we can sell through to the customers, like metalworking, we have just expanded the market for that store. So we think about it a little different than I think you do in your industry. We're building market opportunity, increasing market opportunity, everyday with these initiatives. And the better we get at it, the easier it is for that individual that runs the store or sells everyday to do their job and create an opportunity for themselves and their family. They only have the best store.
Willard D. Oberton: I think that's a good way to think about it because it's probably the new normal. What we've really tried to do over the last 2 years is go to our business leaders, as Dan called them, our regional CEOs, and give them growth goals, work with them on their goals and let them determine, for the most part, how they're going to achieve those goals. Whether it's new stores, adding outside sales people, sales specialists. But at the same time, we post different goals. We will continue to open stores, but the reason we're a little soft in committing to how many is it really depends on how these other initiatives will allow it. What we find with vending, with metalworking, and over a long period of time, I think we'll continue to open stores. We're still comfortable that we could open up to 3,500 in North America. It's just over what period of time that happens and what we need to do that. We want to find the most efficient growth model that we can and then stick with that. Or work on that.
Willard D. Oberton: It grew fivefold from 2010 to 2011. We don't expect it to grow that much this year but we expect above-average growth. It's simply another very good tool for customers to buy from us, an easy way to buy. It goes back to what I said, the most convenient way to sell is make it -- or make easier to sell -- I'm losing my mind here, sorry about that -- make it convenient to buy, and that's what we're trying to do with all of these tools, vending, delivery, local service, and e-commerce.
Willard D. Oberton: And if we're making it convenient for our customers to buy, and it's very efficient for us to serve, that is the best business model that we can develop. Efficient way to serve and make it easy for the customer.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, the one thing I'll say, then I'll hand it to Dan, is we did add 180 basis points in 2011 over 2010, and our goal was 100. But I'll give it to Dan.
Willard D. Oberton: We've also kept our sales above the numbers that we put out in 2007. Our goal then was 18% the center of the range, and we've actually, for the last 2 years, have been 4 points above that. And we were spending some money to stay there. But we think that's a great investment. I'll add one thing, Holden. We are still very committed to meet or exceed our 100-basis point improvement, annually, going over the next several years.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, here's one way to think about it, Sam. We've often talked about our average -- the proverbial average store, that $83,000, $84,000 a month store. It's top 10 customers represent about 65% of sales in that store and the other 1/3 of the customers represent about 25%, and then there's some cash business on the tail end, so retail business. And one way I think about it, real simplistically, if I think that we have 2,600 stores times the top 10 customers per store, there's a group of 26,000 customers. And some of those customers -- that's based on account numbers, so you might have some replication in a given store. But you essentially have 26,000 customers in our business that represent a big percentage of our business and are very prime candidates for vending. As we develop the additional machines over time, that's where you start to scratch your head and you wonder how deep in the organization you can go with what size of customer. And I guess I would say a lot of those 90% that are smaller customers are smaller customers because we don't do that much business with them today. They don't have smaller potential.
Daniel L. Florness: We are, and some of that comes from the fact that, you get 6 months into heavy machine, 3 months into heavy machine, you're always challenging what's in that machine from a SKU basis. To say, is that the right fit for this customer because what kind of velocity are you getting from SKU to SKU. And then in the next 6 to 12 months, you're always fine-tuning that, and then if you're introducing additional machines, you're still fine-tuning that. So we are seeing growth in it. But what I can't tell you, when you get into that second and third year, what happens. Because when you get to fine-tuning in there, it's in there, plus we just don't have enough machines with history.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, first off, the closings. What we constantly do, we are a look-forward-only organization. We look at where we're at today and we look at a given market. And what process sometimes is we -- as we've disclosed in the past, we have a fair number of leases that come due every year because we, generally speaking, sign short-term leases. And we look at it market by market and allow our district and regional teams to look at their business and say, "This market where we have 3 stores or 2 stores or 5 stores could be better served with one fewer store." And whether or not that is the right decision long term, we'll find it, we'll find that right answer over time, but it's not a bad decision in the short term. And I always fall back on the premise of I don't get too caught up in that in the short term. I look at it and say, it's a great -- it's a vast market out there, we have 2% market share and what's going to drive our ability to take that market share over time. And I look at all the growth drivers we have in place, that's what's going to drive that, not one component of it. And but when I look at the total store closings in the current year as well as cumulatively in our life, it's a pretty small number in the scheme of life. As far as the actual occupancy reduction, I believe that's -- occupancy was up 7.4% -- I'm sorry, that's an annual number. I don't have that number right in front of me, Brent. But I'll get that number and get it to you.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, it did, but the measurement is immaterial because the only thing you would have would be the occupancy component. Because when we go from 3 stores to 2 stores in a market, the folks that were in that third store moved to one of the other 2. So there isn't a labor differential. It would be -- and the vehicles we still have because we still have them for those people. It's really the $3,000 a month we're spending, $4,000 in rent and utilities.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess our construction business improved during the quarter. I think the mild weather everywhere sure didn't hurt that business, but I guess nothing jumps out that I think is unusual.
Daniel L. Florness: The overall number is growing handsomely above the company number. We don't really think of it on a per store basis because our approach is one of a -- primarily U.S. approach, but just because of the way it's -- some of the early contracts we picked up, but it tends to be something we're doing at across a state. So we sign a state contract. We don't want to think of what is happening in Redwing, Minnesota versus Winona, Minnesota. We're thinking what's happening in Minnesota.
Daniel L. Florness: And one thing I'd add to that. I think when you look at some of the data we provide on growth in different age of store. You look at the 5-year-old-plus store or the -- our annual stuff we talk about from the 10-year-plus stores, what allows them to keep growing, because those are substantial businesses in their local markets. And the way you allow them to keep growing is -- obviously, they continue to add new customers. You give them tools like vending and government and metalworking to give them, again, more avenues to expand the potential wallet in that local market.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess the better way to think about it is we've seen great success with the 'pathway to profit'. But I would argue most of the benefit of 'pathway to profit' haven't been realized yet. Because if you look at what's happened from 2007 to 2011, our improvement in operating margin -- as I touched on earlier, we've seen nice leverage in our occupancy. But our occupancy leverage hasn't come because we raised our average store size. Because we have raised it, don't get me wrong, but we haven't raised it -- when we started 'pathway to profit' we said 200 basis points of improvement because we go from 70,000 a month to 125. We've gone from 70 to the mid-80s, and we've taken out a meaningful piece of our operating expenses as it relates to occupancy just by lowering our rents and being smarter, re-approaching how we look at it. Fourth quarter of 2009, our rent was 540 basis points, today it's 395. And that's just the rent component, there's utilities and other things. But a lot of the improvement came from we raised our gross margin. So when I look at the 'pathway to profit', we've gotten a piece from occupancy. We've gotten a piece from labor, don't get me wrong, but that's primarily been in the non-selling areas. If we look at the data on headcount, you really see we've done a great job managing our support headcount, a great job managing our distribution and manufacturing headcount. We've invested in a lot of selling energy, both store and non-store. And so as the average store size grows, we still have a lot of runway left as it relates to the labor side and nice runway on the occupancy side.
Daniel L. Florness: Holden, I'll answer this way. On February 3, I'll give you some insight on what we saw in the January sales. As we enter the year, and as we enter every year, we're optimistic about the trend pattern we've created in 2011 and how it feeds into 2012, and the pieces of growth that we held to drive our business to grow and grow profitably into the future.  With that, I see we're 3 minutes past our 45-minute call limit. So I'm going to close by saying, again thank you, everybody, for participating on our call. And thank you for continued support and ownership of Fastenal stock. Have a good day.
Robert Barry: I was wondering if you could just comment, as you look across the business, if there are any end markets that are looking especially better or worse during the quarter.
Robert Barry: And I know it's a small percent for you, but the Government business, if you could just maybe comment on, if possible, on a same-store basis kind of what's happening in Government. I mean, I know you're adding a lot of share there, so it's probably a, I'm guessing, a big growth number, but...
Robert Barry: Yes, that's kind of what I meant. Kind of on a same-contract basis maybe would have been the better way to say it.
