Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen. Before we go to Q&A, I want to thank our more than 86,000 employees for their tireless work ethic and relentless execution once again this quarter. This was another strong quarter for Medtronic not just in terms of the headline numbers of organic growth, margin expansion and cash flow generation, but as importantly, we are executing in our strategies and positioning the company to create long-term shareholder value. One, our pipeline has never been stronger. As I outlined in June, everything at Medtronic starts with technology. We are innovating, we are inventing and we are disruptive. With the advancements in our pipeline in the last few months, I have never been more excited about our end-markets, our opportunities and our competitive position. Second, we are allocating capital efficiency across our business. Third, we are leading the development of emerging markets for our therapies and we are capitalizing on our leadership and value-based healthcare to our investments in the higher growth markets and higher growth geographies, we are shifting our RAMware upwards and to the right. Lastly, we are consistently improving our free cash generation and we are in the early stages of implementing our multiyear Enterprise Excellence program, which should enable us to drive multi-year margin and reinvestment for long-term growth. We know there is much work to be done, but I am excited about our progress in our positioning. With that, let’s now open the phone calls up for Q&A. In addition to Karen, I have asked Mike Coyle, President of CVG; Bob White, President of MITG; Geoff Martha, President of RTG; and Hooman Hakami, President of our Diabetes Group to join us. We want to try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to only one question and if necessary, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Let me take that. First, thanks for the questions. And first thing that I want to mention is that overall, we feel very good about this business. Our momentum is strong. Our end-markets are good and we are in the right end markets and that’s why we increased our FY ‘19 overall revenue growth assumptions. And we are really confident in our ability to deliver this strong growth profile of the year. That said, it still is very early in the year. We are focused on setting guidance that we have a high degree of confidence and if we can deliver, I think that’s important to note. I think, but overall this business is performing, there is no real major concerns from a business perspective. We are in fact excited about our pipeline and excited about our execution across the board. And so we look forward to a business that can consistently deliver and we have a great deal of confidence that we can in fact do that.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. Let me take that again. First of all, we are excited about diabetes and we are excited about a market that we are leading and created. And this market is going to go through a tremendous amount of change and we expect to be right in the leadership position in that. The Guardian sensor is launched extremely well the Guardian Connect and have to add that we are really – our sensor is differentiated by the addition of Sugar.IQ which is a cognitive decision support system that provides insights to patients. But having said that our position in the hybrid closed loop is something that’s really setting the standards as to how patients with type 1 diabetes in particular can manage themselves. And really in the beginning of that journey and we expect that this product will continue to innovate over time and we will be leading that innovation sort of the roadmap. Now having said that, we are coming up against some pretty difficult comparisons because if you recall we went through a period last year at this time where we had a shortage in our sensors, we overcame that according to our plans. And so although we expect diabetes to maintain like we said mid-teens growth profile for the year. The present rate is really advantage for the comparisons that we have had over last year, but expect an exciting double digit growth business certainly for this year and over the long-term a business that will set the standards for growth of Medtronic and that’s what we expect from it.
Omar Ishrak: Thanks Bob. First of all, I couldn’t agree more. Emerging markets has been stable and strong deliverer of growth for us over the years and something that will be sustained. And I do think here too we set a leadership profile in the med tech industry as to how to approach these emerging markets by going direct to our customers by helping these markets develop their own healthcare systems. As you know the need in these emerging markets is tremendous. You just need to look at the amount of penetration that our technologies have in these markets even the most people who can afford these therapies. And so that need is always going to be there. And despite economic sort of uncertainties and economic variations that will happen, it is an area where there is the continued need and that need doesn’t go away. Peoples fall ill irrespective of economic conditions, so there is certain degree of base stability in these markets that we depend on and that we have seen happen. In addition to that, what we have in a differentiated way compared to other med tech companies is that we have got a very diversified profile within emerging markets where China is clearly our biggest market where we have consistently delivered. But in addition, we have got strong positions in the Middle East and Africa and Latin America and Eastern Europe and also in Southeast Asia. So, putting all that together, the inherent stability of these markets because of the disease needs in this market and the amount of penetration that’s required for our therapies amongst people who can afford it given the fact that we are diversified across these geographies, given the fact that we are leading the way in creating these markets and working with both public and private partners gives me a great deal of comfort that the baseline that we have established of double-digit growth in the emerging markets will continue in the foreseeable future and I have got complete confidence on that and really excited about what we can do there.
Omar Ishrak: David, let me also just add a little color to the question on the growth profile, look there are some quarterly dynamics which Karen went through and we are setting guidance that we have confidence in delivering. But let me tell you our pipeline has never been stronger and in the next 12 months or so I am really excited about what we can do in our pain business, our Intellis and Evolve workflow is really hitting the mark here and our strong turnarounds which we expect to continue. Our Micra which I have talked about a lot before is the disruptive technology, we are the only player in this space. It’s the market which we are disrupting we created and now we are disrupting ourselves. It currently addresses only 20% of the single-chamber market and we have got the roadmap to make this 100%. The core valve Evolut R is another one that is building on the success of the original launch of the platform and finally the Guardian Connect in the 670G like I mentioned earlier are highly differentiated. So I just want to lay that out that these are not like promises for the future, these are right now. And we are extremely excited about these technologies and we expect sustained growth and leadership positions in all of these areas. I had to make that point David.
Omar Ishrak: I think in addition maybe I can add a few things more. We are creating systems, sort of IT systems through which we can track free cash flow better, rolling it down across our businesses to a pretty granular level. We are creating systems to reach our forecasting processes is using the latest tools in IT NAI for that matter. And so I think this is an area of continued focus for us and continued upgrade of our capabilities. And it’s something that we do – are confident to deliver and improve over the next few years.
Omar Ishrak: Let me just give a short overview and then I will let both Bob and Geoff comment in their specific robots. But let me tell you this, the integration of capital equipment in this case, the robot with implants and our sort of high value consumables is a unique competence that we are delivering and it’s something that would set us apart and use our scale to really create these markets in a new and differentiated way that will set us completely apart from competition. So, it’s an area that we are really focused on and really excited about the progress that we are seeing, but more importantly, excited about the future. So with that, I will let Bob go first and then Geoff.
Omar Ishrak: Sure. Thanks. Thanks a lot, Glenn for the question. First of all, M&A remains important to us and we have got a strong balance sheet and we expect to use it as we generate, our free cash flow profile improves, we are in a stronger and stronger position to execute on that. Let me also tell you a few other things though. First of all, let’s not take our eye off our performance in organic growth and that’s the highest return investments that we can make and we can do it. Now, M&A supplements that and our focus in M&A has been tuck-in acquisitions, so it will remain to be tuck-in acquisitions and then lot of activity in that area. We continue to monitor the space. When the right opportunity comes along we will act. We are very active there and that will complement what we are doing organically. It’s also important to note that like I said earlier tuck-in acquisitions are the major focus and because that’s where our size and scale can immediately complement any other company out there without benefit of that size and scale. So, that is our focus and we are in a strong position to execute on that and you will see activity from us, but we will do it in a disciplined fashion like I have said earlier protecting our margin profile, moving up into the right November and making sure that we have both the financial and the management bandwidth to execute. So these are things that we have said before and things that we continued to do and certainly our eyes are wide open as to what’s available out there. And we expect to be a strong player in this space.
Omar Ishrak: First of all the overall healthcare market is pretty stable, I am not sure that there was any significant inflection point in the growth of procedures or anything like that, it’s more or less stable both in the U.S. and in other developed markets around the world. I think our technology innovation continues and that helps us drive this growth profile. In surgical innovations, we have a stream of technologies that come out all the time. And as you have noticed our momentum has been pretty consistent. And I do think that our technology leadership has played a role there. I do want – I will ask Bob to also make a few comments on this because he is really closer to it…
Omar Ishrak: Let me just add a few more to that. I have spent a lot of time now with the surgical innovation group understanding the technology and what they are doing. I can tell you I am very impressed by the nature of this technology, this sophisticated closed loop little system that go on, that gives feedback to the surgeons and there is a lot of room for innovation in these end effectors and one that we will continue to invest in and lead in over time.
Omar Ishrak: I will let Geoff comment on that in a minute, but let me just say that our portfolio right now is strong and robust. And we have got diversified positions in high growth market segments and that’s our priority to maintain that, to continue to grow that and add to that in terms of tuck-in acquisitions. The orthopedic space is an adjacent space and there are some areas where we can add value and we have done some early work in that area. And I am going to ask Geoff to kind of comment on it, but let’s not take our eye off our main goal which is our core markets where we intend to like I have said several times intend to set the standards and technology and keep driving those markets up. So Geoff, do you want to say a few words about orthopedic…
Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Joanne for the question. The second part of the question is specifically about Pain Therapies.
Omar Ishrak: Vijay let me also say just to add to that, like I have said several times before we feel very good about this business both from a top line perspective and our programs in margin expansion that we are executing on to our enterprise expense efforts. Although that’s still early, we are beginning to see results there. We want to set guidance that we have a high degree of confidence that we can deliver in. So, please read that into what we are saying here and we expect to execute and deliver and then we feel really good about this business both from a top line perspective as well as the margin expansion program perspective.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. With that, I want to thank everyone for your questions. And on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We are excited about this business. As you can hear, we are excited about our pipeline, about our growth trajectory, about our margin expansion programs and we look forward to updating you on our progress in our second quarter earnings call, which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, November 20. So thank you all very much.
Karen Parkhill: And I would just add, Rick, that on the second quarter in particular we did say that we expect 5.5% to 6% organic growth in the second quarter, which is higher than the other quarters given the comparison. Keep in mind we do have the anniversary of some major product launches particularly in CVG and Resolute Onyx and Evolut PRO. We also have some pricing pressures in certain geographies this fiscal year, most notably Japan and Australia and all of that is baked into our guidance.
Karen Parkhill: You have the right read. Thank you for the question. We did increase our investment in R&D in the quarter, particularly in CVG and diabetes. In CVG, we had ahead of plan enrollment in some key clinical trials, including RDN and mitral. In diabetes, we purposely accelerated our focus on driving an advanced hybrid closed loop system. And in fact, our R&D investment by our calculations was 30 bps higher than Street consensus. We did also absorb a mix impact on our gross margin, which I talked about where we saw some revenue strength from some lower margin businesses that did impact our gross margin and we drove strong SG&A improvement that more than offset it. So we still did have a slight improvement in our overall operating margin, which we were pleased and was in line with our original outlook.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thanks for the question, David. Appreciate it. In the second half, as Omar mentioned first and foremost, we are really pleased with the performance of our business, the strength of our underlying end-market, the momentum that we have, we do expect that momentum to continue throughout the year. We have increased our overall revenue growth guidance for the year as a result of that. Keep in mind, as we have talked about in the back half, we do come across some tougher comparisons from the prior year. And as I mentioned earlier, we do have the anniversary of some key product launches that impact us even more in the back half and we have got some pricing pressures from certain geographies that I noted Japan and Australia, but we are very excited about the continued momentum underlying. It’s really just the comparison in the back half.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thank you David. We were really pleased with our performance on free cash flow in the quarter. This is the focus as we have talked about from the top of the company on down to drive free cash flow improvement and we have been able to do that in the last two quarters, the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter this year. In terms of trend, keep in mind that free cash flow can be lumpy and it does depend on the timing of larger cash payments, particularly in tax and legal. So I certainly would want you to extrapolate this first quarter for the rest of the year, but we are focused on delivering free cash in our full year guidance of $4.7 billion to $5.1 billion. We are confident in our ability to do that. We have been focused on working capital improvement in this quarter did drive improvement in both accounts receivable and accounts payable in particular. And so we are confident in our ability to deliver on this free cash flow and improve the earnings conversion. In terms of Puerto Rico and the settlement last week, we did have the appellate court rule basically remanding the case back to the lower court for additional fact finding. I would say it’s really important to note that this was merely a procedural decision. It is not a ruling based on the merit. The appellate court determined that it needed additional analysis from the tax court in order to rule on the merits. So we still believe our initially filed tax returns were correct and we will continue to defend our position. In terms of what that means on the impact on cash flow given that the case has been remanded back to the lower courts and it will take some time. We don’t expect at this stage any additional tax payments related to this case this fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: Sure Robbie. Thank you for the question. We talk about it being a focus from the top of the company on down. It is a clear focus in all of our monthly financial reviews. It’s the clear focus in our quarterly business review. Honestly, when we had our recent officers meeting, we have spent the entire day talking about how we could improve free cash flow. So there is a very strong focus and as you already noted it’s an important part of our compensation, it will represent about a third of our compensation, our annual incentive compensation.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. I would just add from a trade tariff perspective, it obviously depends on where we manufacture and where we export to China. And so, it’s mostly impacting right now our MITG and RTG businesses to a lesser extent its impacting CVG. As Omar said, we are focused on at least as the current discussion fits on offsetting that as best we can. And as we noted, we did not change our EPS guidance taking into account the impact of the trade tariffs as they sit today.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. We have got the intra-quarter timing of rate movements and mix that impacted our results both on the top line and on the bottom line, but really the benefits from our hedging program at this stage or what’s positively, the key thing that’s positively impacting our earnings.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Clearly, we are focused on delivering operating margin improvement and we are committed to that 50 basis points margin improvement. Where we can we would like to continue to invest more in R&D and to accelerate R&D like we did in the first quarter. So we will continue to focus on that through the rest of the year. And obviously we did have the $0.05 impact on our bottom line, which we have noted.
Geoff Martha: Yes, Robbie, it’s Geoff. For sure, the capital equipment within our brain business is one of the two big drivers of that in neurovascular, but it’s more than – it’s much more than Mucorex. For us, it’s a suite of enabling technology, the navigation, the inter-operative imaging, which is our O-Arm, the Mucorex, the Arm, the robotic arm and our Midas Rex powered instruments. And one other key competencies that in addition to what Omar said is that we are doing and integrating these tools, so that for the surgeon workflow and delivering it. And so that what the robotic tailwind has done is increased – it’s gotten surgeon interest in robots, but now that’s driving for us is increased interest in navigation. Folks that weren’t looking at navigation before are now looking at it and it’s been a tailwind for all of our enabling technology and quite frankly the more revenues coming from the O-Arm and navigation in Midas Rex and the whole integrated suite. And so we are excited about that for that reason alone, but in addition, look at that as a leading indicator for our spine business as our implant business, as this technology comes more proliferated and you are going to see that helping our implant business as well. So, again, it’s more than the robot when it comes to spine. It’s all of these other enabling technologies that are integrated together.
Geoff Martha: First, it’s the Micra comment, do we feel a need to run orthopedics, I would say no. It’s not a need. If there is an opportunity for us to be a disruptive and scale the business in a disruptive way then we think we can do that and they will move more aggressively. So we are evaluating that and looking at it from several angles. One device side, our knee is out there and we have a limited release getting some clinical experience and feedback. The hip is not yet approved, it’s coming in the next couple of months and we did the same with that. Get some limited release, get some feedback. And we are evaluating, we are still looking at spine ortho bundles and unique business models. But again, until we see something that is a disruptive path forward and it has to be a better opportunity and some of the other organic opportunities that we have. And so that’s where we are.
Geoff Martha: Sure. What we are getting it’s a combination and the uptake is a combination of Intellis, the system based on the features of the system combined with the evolved workflow, which is really driving the outcomes. And as you heard Omar say earlier in the commentary is it’s we are getting very strong global growth, but even stronger growth – stronger growth in the U.S. And so what’s converting is two drivers, one is the better system, it’s smaller, faster recharge and physicians and patients are really like seeing the benefits of that. The second is the evolved workflow, where patients are – physicians and patients are seeing real world outcomes and it’s being supported by some data that has been released and we plan to release some more interim data at NANS in January. So, we are very excited about it. And I don’t know in terms of difference between o-U.S. and U.S., I think look the U.S. market is I think based on some of the opioid crisis and other things, there is more of a tailwind and we are seeing even a faster pickup, Omar mentioned 30% growth in the U.S., but we are still seeing 20% growth outside the U.S. So, it’s pretty much a global phenomenon, but there is a stronger tailwind in the U.S. based on the opioid crisis and physicians and patients just looking for solutions to this crisis.
Geoff Martha: Yes, we have a couple of things at NASS. One is the Mazor X Stealth Edition. So this will be the Mazor X with our Stealth Navigation System fully integrated which will provide a better workflow and ultimately we think better outcome. So, we are very excited about that. And then the second is our navigated Infinity system for spine. Our Infinity is our posterior cervical fixation system and again it is being released with a good workflow with our enabling technologies. Like I said, it’s navigated. So, those would be two things I would highlight for NASS.
Mike Coyle: Thanks, Josh. Certainly, coronary and structural heart was the big leader for us in the quarter both on the TAVR side and in the coronary side, obviously Onyx continues to do extremely well in the United States, where we are at sort of all-time high shares for our coronary business, but obviously the transcatheter valve business continues to have very good strength with nearly 20% growth on a global basis. That’s really being driven by the Evolut PRO product release that’s now available both in Europe and in the United States and we have supplemented that with the EnVeo delivery system, which is really being well received across the geographies. And we have had strong share capture in both Europe and Japan and have seen share momentum in the United States as well. And in Japan, we are just about to release now what we are releasing here in August, the Evolut PRO there as well. So, we expect that momentum to continue. But even in CRHF, we continue to see very strong growth in the atrial fibrillation business, our LVAD business with HVAD now has thoracotomy indication in addition to destination therapy and then within the APV business, the endovenous business is really doing extremely well and we haven’t seen quite the hit we expected from the reimbursement reduction in drug-eluting balloons as the patient benefit of that has really been seen clearly by our customers. And so we have actually done quite a bit better than we expected in the plan despite that reimbursement change.
Mike Coyle: Yes, TCT, there will be good information flow coming on just the long-term performance of the TAVR products. We will be showing 5-year data on the core valve U.S. pivotal high risk patient cohort, which is important to showing the durability of outcome as well as being able to demonstrate that the durability of the products. And then we will have 2-year data on the [indiscernible] real world results randomized to the TAVR. So those will be I think important data points leading into what will be, I think an even more important meeting, which is ACC in the spring, where we will be showing the data on the low risk patient cohort in TAVR as well as the rapid results for our TYRX products. So, those are important data flows taking place over the balance of our fiscal year.
Mike Coyle: Pricing is reasonable stable in Europe. There is a small segment in the market that reacts to price, which is basically being driven by some of the smaller players in the market, but the major players have had really good pricing discipline and we expect that to continue in the balance of the year.
