Gary Ellis: Yes, I mean, as we indicated, Mike, I mean, obviously we are getting a lot of leverage in the quarter, 1,150 basis points on the bottom line on a constant currency basis. And as I mentioned in my comments, 510 points on the operating margin line just of leverage there and 140 basis point improvement on an operating basis. Unfortunately, with foreign exchange, it has been a headwind all year, it’s having a similar negative impact on the margin, and so we didn’t get as much of improvement than you might see on an as reported basis just because of that. So as we’ve been doing all the year, where basically we are continuing to executing against our operating leverage plans and our cost takeout synergies that we have from the Covidien transaction, but as with many companies we are experiencing the foreign exchange that’s mitigating or eliminating a lot of that benefit that we are - as we roll through that. We are trying to manage that the best we can, but clearly that’s having a big impact. The Covidien synergies, the integration costs were coming in right on plan. In fact, as I mentioned in my comments we’re ahead of schedule and we’re probably going - we clearly will exceed the $300 million and $350 million that we assumed in the current year. We are seeing a lot of leverage here in Q3 and as we indicated - and even in Q4 we’ll continue to see improvement in that operating margin as a result of the synergy. So we are right in line with things, but I agree with you, I think FX is kind of camouflaging some of the real benefits you are seeing from an operations perspective.
Gary Ellis: Yes. I mean, I think overall the gains are - we even said for the current quarter was like $100 million, and it is $100 million in Q4. So, I mean, we are generating almost $400 million in gains in the current year. Obviously, we are not hedged at these favorable rates next year, and as a result that’s going to have a negative impact. I think it’s a little bit higher than what we would have been expecting a month or two ago in emerging markets. Some of currencies in the emerging markets have continued to weaken and that’s become a little bit greater part of the total. But the biggest portion of the $0.20 to $0.25, the majority of that is just the hedging gains that we will not have in FY 2017 that we had in FY 2016.
Gary Ellis: Yes. Well, I mean, again, we are not obviously giving the FY 2017 guidance. And so, I don’t want to get too much into what’s going on there. We try to give some highlights of some things just to consider as you go through the model. But the point is, as we try to highlight here, I mean, for the current year as we go forward, we are continuing to expect the revenue growth to be in that mid-single-digit range as we go forward. We are expecting we are going to continue to get the operating synergies and be at the high-end of the - or in fact exceed probably the earnings growth that we’ve been expecting from the value capture of the Covidien transaction. And that’s going just as we expected. It’s coming in, in fact a little bit of ahead of the schedule at this point. And so we feel confident that will be positive as we go into the next fiscal year, obviously. Foreign exchange continues to be a major headwind for us as it is with the many multinational companies and ours because of the hedging programs we did. If anything - if you think about it from foreign exchange, we had a $0.45 to $0.50 impact from the current year, but that was with significant gains that we had from our hedging programs. So our impact was somewhat muted from maybe where other companies who don’t hedge were at. That is going to come to ahead for us in FY 2017. And as we indicate, that’s potentially another $0.20 to $0.25 of impact as we go into next year. You’re right; we are going to have some benefit from the medical device tax. We are getting some already in the current year that’s helping give us even more operating leverage than what we were expecting previously. But again, the foreign exchange is kind of offsetting that as we kind of drive through this. And so there is positives from the medical device fact. There is going to be positives from our share repurchase. All those are factor we have taken in consideration. But I think if you weight all those together, I think you’re going to find that they play out like we’ve indicated in our comments, because - but the issue as foreign exchange is clearly still a significant headwind for us. And then, we obviously have a tough comparison next year in FY 2017, because of the extra week we had in the current year. Those are all the factors that we try to lay out for you as you put together your models and we’ll probably obviously provide more details and more guidance as we get to our Q4 call.
Gary Ellis: That’s correct. I mean, Bob, what do we indicated was that - you are getting it to low-double-digits, mid-teens, what it would be, if you take out the impact for the extra week and obviously impact of foreign exchange. It was obviously you’re going to be there. So I’m not trying to minimize those. We think even with the extra week, it depends on how you look at. You are probably still, probably close to double-digit growth on the operating earnings even with the extra week in there. But without it you’re back to that lower double-digits, mid-teens is kind of the expectation. But foreign exchange of $0.20, $0.25 will obviously bring that down somewhat as we go forward. So that’s our expectations as we look for FY 2017 as far as the existing models. Now again, we’re not giving any guidance, but maybe just ran through what we provided on those key attributes that’s what you would see in your models.
Gary Ellis: I think, I caught most of it. You were breaking up a little bit as you went through it. But I mean, again, I want to make sure we’re clear, we are not giving guidance for FY 2017 yet. And we just try to put some items out there for you to think about it as we’re going forward. So I am not going to get specific about what we’ve assumed for share buybacks et cetera, because, obviously, we are not giving guidance, yet. But as we were trying to highlight in our comments, obviously, the revenue growth we would expect to continue in the mid-single-digit revenue range as we talked about. Clearly, we are going to get a significant operating leverage improvement from the earning standpoint on a constant currency basis, because of the value capture we are taking out, because of the medical device tax benefit and how much of that’s reinvested, not reinvested, will come into play as we go through that whole discussion. Obviously, as you indicated, there will be share buyback benefits that will be reflected in most numbers. And that’s why we indicated that on a constant currency basis, we would expect that we’re going to be in the low-double-digit to mid-teens earnings per share growth on a constant currency basis. We just take all those factors into consideration, that’s after you take out the extra week of your just comparing apples-to-apples. And as a result of that - then you have the FX impact coming in place. So all we are trying to highlight to people, as your assumptions going forward on our leverage assumptions et cetera are consistent with what we’ve been seeing, but just remember, FX has not went away and just remember that we had an extra week in the current year. So other than that, I don’t want to give you more on the guidance aspect. We’ll provide more details as we put together our guidance in the Q4 call.
Gary Ellis: Yes, well, I think, overall, we gave currency guidance from the standpoint of revenue, which did come in line with what we had expected. But I think where currency was a little bit greater was on the bottom line and it’s primarily because of the Argentine peso that I mentioned earlier, that that cost us an unexpected a little over $20 million, $21 million impact that we had not expected in the guidance that we provided back in the Q2 call. So that was the primary thing now. So FX was a bigger negative on the bottom line in the quarter, that what we had originally expected at the beginning of the quarter. As you indicated, the revenue was right in line, but the bottom line was a larger impact. So from an operating margin perspective, we came in with basically where we expected originally, but it was little bit more offset on the bottom line from FX than what we had originally expected.
Gary Ellis: Again, I wish, I could predict currency and be able to tell you that there is not going to be surprises to positive or negative on the currency side. So I mean, currency is what it is, I mean, though that the impact will be as we go forward. Again, we were trying to give guidance on - as you said, I mean, 20 basis points, trying to call that in our operating margin line with all the moving parts there going on is not easy. So we understand there are lots of moving parts here. Currency was negative in the quarter. I’m not expecting another devaluation here in Q4. But if it happens in one of the currencies that could be a little bit of a negative. On the other hand, what we’ve tried to provide as far as guidance on what we expect based on what we know right now and based on the current rates and where things are at, that gives the guidance on the operating margins. So we feel confident about that, assuming, again, that there are no surprises positive or negative. So that’s all the best we can do at this point in time, just to give you some indication on which direction these things are going.
Gary Ellis: But let me just add one comment. The key element I want to make clear is the thing that we can control. The cost take-out of the synergies that we’re getting from the standpoint of the Covidien transaction and the leverage we’re getting across to rest of the organization, that’s the piece that we can control and that is going right as expected. It’s in fact ahead of our plans, as I mentioned there in our previous comments. So the piece that we can control, we are delivering on as expected.
Omar Ishrak: Like I had mentioned in the last call, the three things that we look at in the U.S, one is one which we knew was going to slow things out a little bit was the anniversarying of the Affordable Care Act and that probably had a little bit of an impact. The overall procedure volumes based on the economy I think were more or less steady. I think in the Surgical Solutions maybe a slight drop in procedure volumes, but essentially it was steady. There was no economy related issues. The third aspect was simply our new products. And like I said, these new products going to come and go on a quarter-by-quarter basis and in general we still had pretty strong performance from new therapies. But in prior quarters it was even stronger, given a larger kind of sort of synergy of different products coming in at the same time. I think that’s going to go float up and down and that I think is the main factor here in the change in the U.S. market. But I have to point out that our whole model is based on the diversification, because we can’t depend on just one market. And as you saw this quarter, emerging markets picked up a little bit and essentially sort of offset the drop in our U.S. revenue. But I think overall from a market perspective, it’s pretty steady.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah. I think we’re confident in our steady growth in CVG overall and certainly in CRM. But like you point out, our business model is based on diversification of variety of other products. And I think the two examples that you gave are pertinent. I think in PMR we started seeing acceleration, especially as the ventilator starts to sort of resolve the issues that we’ve had and we expect that early next year, early next fiscal year. And in Spine, I think, we try to lay out as much detail as possible our change in approach. And we like, Geoff had mentioned earlier, we expect to see results in Spine in steady improvement every quarter. So an overall balance is what we look for. And then we also have pretty good cadence in diabetes as well. But we’re - Mike is pretty confident that we can keep our growth rate in CRM going at least to a large degree.
Omar Ishrak: Well obviously, underperformance is not acceptable. The thing is that market is still a very attractive market for us and we’ve got core expertise. So we’re going to get this thing fixed. And then, I completely take your point. We laid out these strategies earlier. We haven’t talked about the new product in as much as depth, we talked about in general terms. But as we start to dig into it under Geoff’s leadership, we found that the way in which we were launching these products was just completely sub-optimal, which was really kind of almost compromising the value of these products. And the overall cross-RTG synergies, what was missing before as we just end on specific targets on this. That’s why we made the changes. We’ve made changes in the field-level. We’ve made changes in the overall leadership level. And we are looking at this thing closely on a quarter-by-quarter basis and we expect to see improvement. The real guideline here is U.S. Core Spine, and the correlation of the product launches to an uptick in performance. I think it’s as straight forward as that. That’s the benchmark that we are looking at. That’s the benchmark that you should look at. And we’re going to get this thing fixed and because - again, like I said, we are in a position of high share. We are in a position where we’ve got the biggest breadth with our customers. We’ve got to this thing right. So that’s the portion we are taking and those are the guidepost I suggest that we look at - we’ll point out and you should look at.
Omar Ishrak: Actually, it’s striking very well. This is the moving the Cath Lab Managed Services model to the operating room. And like I mentioned before, really I got five contracts in place operating in Europe today, with contracted revenue of…
Omar Ishrak: $140 million already from both devices and services, so that’s the - I think the pickup is about equivalent to what we’d experience with Cath Lab Managed Services about four or five quarter we expect to see; maybe accelerate that little more as we go into more geographies more quickly. But we are quite pleased with the progress there. And then we’re developing good expertise in that area.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Listen, first of all, I just want to also reemphasize what Gary just said. As I’ve said, ever since I started here, we can work on things that we can control. What we accept other variables and we try to understand completely, the valuation of the company is based on the actual performance. We can only kind of drive what we can control as best we can, meet our commitments and drive it aggressively as we can. And that we are completely committed to doing. And on that basis, as Gary just pointed out, the cost synergies that we expect from Covidien, we’ve got pretty granular look at that. We’re delivering. We’re delivering, this operating team is delivering and they’re stretching hard and then trying to cover for other things. But there is only so far we can go about things that are not in our control. So I just do want to make that point that we haven’t lost our operational focus on delivering these synergies one bit and in many ways are a little bit ahead of our original commitments. But there are lots of moving parts there. And then, we are optimistic about the future and our plans are pretty solid going into fourth quarter and into next year. But let me go back to the long-term and really conclude by noting that our overall long-term financial model. And let me remind you what it is. It’s consistent mid-single-digit constant currency revenue growth on a reliable basis, which we will get through the diversification of our businesses as well as geographies and our new product cadence. 200 to 400 basis points of constant currency EPS leverage over the long-term and some of that may be a little higher in the next couple of years, as we realize all the synergies from the Covidien acquisition as we saw this quarter. And then, finally returning a minimum of 50% of our adjusted free cash flow to our shareholders, that again is a commitment that we are completely living up to and we expect to see that fulfilled in the upcoming quarters. Stepping back, further look - this company is geared around fulfilling our mission, of alleviating pain, restoring health and extending life, and that mission continues. We are confident that this team can execute consistently, balancing our trade-offs and offsetting pressures and in the end we’re committed to creating long-term dependable value in healthcare. With that and behalf of the entire management team, I’d like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q4 call on May 31. Thank you and have a great day, everyone. Thanks.
Michael Coyle: Yes, actually, we see the CRHF business is being one of the prime drivers of sort of the near-term catalyst for the business over the next couple of quarters. Obviously CRTD, MRI being launched now in the United States, but with the 3T kind of CRTD MRI in Europe we think that’s going to be a big contributor. We’re going to continue to add expanded MRI capability in the standard ICD segment with Evera MRI 3T for Europe and that will follow on into the U.S. early next year. Visia AF is the single chamber offering in that space where we will be actually adding to sort of the free capability of the link diagnostics where a single chambered device were really the first device which can actually detect atrial fibrillation. We have the Micra that we would expect to come in, in the first-half of next year in the pacing segment. And after the upcoming ACC meeting we’re going to be releasing the data on the FIRE AND ICE trial, which is the first very large head-to-head comparison of CryoAblation technology to point-by-point ablation technology. Not mention in fact that we also have things like Core Valve coming into Japan and LINQ coming into Japan next year. So we think there are plenty of catalysts to keep the business growing here over the next several quarters.
Michael Coyle: No, we didn’t do a drawdown in advance of that. And actually we wound up delaying the launch for a few weeks to allow that to occur. So that’s what caused us to decide in this case to go ahead and do the inventory drawdown during the quarter. In terms of the overall growth of the market, as we said, we think the overall implantables market was relatively flat during the quarter. I’d point out two things to keep in mind. One is one of our competitors had an extra few days of extra week in their prior year quarter which is causing the market to look like it’s slower than perhaps it actually is, in addition to the fact that we had this drawdown that I just referenced. So if you had to correct for those items, we think the overall market was relatively flat with Low Power growing in low-single-digits and High Power basically declining in the low-single-digits. But we had both the - now a nice share capture, but also price improvements in the standard ICD segment tied to MRI. We would expect to see a similar dynamic play out in the CRTD segment which, of course, is larger. So I think that’ll probably give you the best view of what we think is going to happen going forward.
Michael Coyle: Well, first let me correct, we never said that we thought the TAVR market was going to be $5 billion. In fact, I think, the last update we gave prior to today would have been around the $3.5 billion market around 2020, 2021. So I’m not quite sure where that comment came from. In terms of overall growth in the quarter, we were quite pleased in fact that we essentially grew with the market in the low-30% range for transcatheter valves. Obviously, that market growth is quite robust above the range of estimate that we had given previously of 25% to 30% for FY 2016. And in addition, given the fact that we had a major competitive launch into United States during the quarter, we were actually quite pleased that our global transcatheter valve business is essentially splitting the market in terms of the growth rate growing with the overall market. In terms of sort of guidance to a potential $4 billion market that was included in the commentary today, there are number of moving pieces here. Obviously, we’ve not seen relative to the intermediate risk group committees [ph] to be not inferior or superior. We obviously are just getting started with the low-risk group so we’re basically have sort of error bars, if you will, around the range. It’s probably between $3.5 billion and $4 billion in terms of 2021 kind of timeframe. And that’s where we sort of landed in the middle on the $4 billion, but I think that will give you sense of at least how we’re thinking about it today. And obviously, that will evolve as data gets presented on the performance in these patient cohorts.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I was very clear too, because we saw an increase for four quarters, exactly. And two quarters ago that ended. We saw basically the U.S. volumes go up to about 4% growth and now they’ve come down to about 2%, they were 3% to 4% during that fourth quarter period. And they’re 1% to 2% now. So we definitely saw an increase and a drop off as those annualized, but it’s specific…
Bryan Hanson: Yes. It’s not like we are declining, we’re just not growing as fast as we were during that four quarter period.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, sure. So generally speaking, I’d just say, if you look at MITG, everything is going well. I’ll pull back and just talk about that for a second then I’ll get into the products and health business. But we do on a monthly basis an employee engagement survey, just to kind of check the pulse of the organization as we are going through the integration. And I’m happy to say that those results come back very positive. As a matter of fact, within MITG the scores are slightly higher, even in legacy Medtronic. And so being acquired and having the number of changes that are occurring in our business and still having those scores come back in engagement perspective that high, gives me confidence that we are going to have the retention of key talent, which we’re working very hard to do and we are going to continue our momentum. So I think that’s probably first and foremost in my opinion is the most important thing. Second to that, at SAGES you’re going to see a number of nice things coming from our surgical business. I referenced in the prepared document that we have greater than 20 products across MITG being launched that will drive close a $0.5 billion in revenue over the next three years or so. So we have a very healthy portfolio of products. Just a couple that I’ll call out that you’ll see again in SAGES would be new generators that we have in our advanced energy line. One of them would be a next generation ForceTriad generator that will focus on better speed to seal and also provide the capability to drive new LigaSure instruments. That’s the most important thing about the generator. It will give us the capability to drive instruments that will be a little more unique in the marketplace. I’ll talk about one of those in a second. We also have a generator that we are launching that is specifically for emerging markets. That’d take that same capability in LigaSure and provide a lower cost generator so we can get access to those markets as well. That actually launched a quarter ago. And then, one of the new instruments that I mentioned in Energy will be a multi-function device. And this is important, because what you are looking for the perfect world in Advanced Energy is to be able to divide tissue to scelvenize [ph] either organs or vessels that you’re trying to take. And you want to do that typically with a product that divides well or cuts well. But at the same point, you would like to use that instrument for sealing. And that’s one of these products we’re going to be launching and talking about at SAGES will do both of those very well. This has been elusive for everybody in the marketplace to get it down. We think we figured it out. We are going to talk about that in SAGES. And then, we have a couple of items in Stapling. We’ve got our next generation powered Stapling that’s coming. We’re getting great reviews from customers. And again, most important thing about the powered stapling is it is the driver for our end effectors and with utilizing Tri-Staple Technology. So those are just a few things coming in the short-term. And then, of course, in the mid-term we talk about our robotics platform. We will give you a little more insight in SAGES. I want to be cautious to give you any specifics on when we are going to launch, but let’s just say it’s in the mid-term and we’re excited about that project as well.
