Geoff Martha: Okay, thank you. But before I wrap up, I want to note that Tom Holleran passed away last week at the age of 94. Tom provided decades of leadership to our company. First as General Counsel, next as President and as a Director on our Board for many, many years. In the early 60s, Tom was one of the instrumental people who created our Medtronic mission together with our founder, Earl Bakken. Tom was also a significant leader in the twin cities and beyond and served on several company boards. Our thoughts are with Tom's family as they celebrate his life. Now, before we go to analyst questions, I'll close with a few brief concluding comments on our progress. You see now for several quarters in a row that we're delivering on our commitments with durable mid-single-digit revenue growth. And when you look over the last couple of quarters, we've had a rapid cadence of meaningful innovative product approvals, many of which are just getting started, including EV-ICD, both PulseSelect and Affera in PFA. Inceptiv for SCS, Percept RC for DBS. And of course, our new Simplera Sync sensor in diabetes. And we can't forget Symplicity for hypertension. When you combine these with our investments to enter surgical robotics, along with the strong execution we're having in businesses like spine and diabetes, this is what gives us confidence in our ability to continue delivering durable growth. At the same time, we've been sharing with you our efforts to restore the earnings power of the company. And we're seeing those efforts begin to show up in our financials. And the comprehensive transformation that we've been working on streamlining our operating model, aligning incentives, revamping our capital and portfolio management activities and instilling a performance-driven culture, well, this is also having an impact. These changes take time and we're certainly not done, but it's very encouraging to see our progress and where we stand today. And equally exciting are the catalysts that we see coming, which we believe will lead to significant advancements for patients and value-creation for both healthcare systems around the world and our shareholders. So with that, let's move to Q&A where we're going to try to get to as many analysts as possible, so we ask that you limit yourself to just one question. And only if needed a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you can reach out to Ryan and the Investor Relations team after the call. With that, Brad, can you please give the instructions for asking a question.
Geoff Martha: Yeah, well, first of all, thanks for the questions, Larry. Maybe I'll start with the CAS one, and then Karen, maybe, Sean and I will take the AFib one and then Karen can talk about the FY'25 questions. So I'm going to phone a friend and tap Sean here in a second here. But on -- but on our AFib business, look we are confident in the investments that we made that are going to bear fruit here. We haven't seen that translate into financials yet, but there's lots of leading indicators here that we're seeing that give us confidence both in you know one in continued I think stronger performance than people might think in cryo. But importantly in PFA for both PulseSelect organic program and then Affera. But Sean, do you want to comment on this a little more specifically for Larry.
Geoff Martha: Okay, thanks, Larry. And I'll remind the analysts, please stick to one question and a related follow-up if needed. Brad, can we take the next question, please.
Geoff Martha: Sure, I'll take that one, Robbie. So a couple of things, I'll start with -- a couple of things have changed. And I'll start with what -- we do have strong conviction in driving profitable category leadership in this what we're calling acute-care and monitoring business. And a couple of dynamics have changed. And just to remind the monitoring component, the patient monitoring component is the biggest part of this -- of that -- of those businesses that we intended to spin. I think the biggest thing that changes are two things. Our improved competitive positioning. You know is in our Monitoring business in particular changed over the last year. As we are working on the process, we continue to run the business. And it performed well, and the competitive dynamics versus our main competitor Massimo changed significantly for the positive for us. And we believe that we can ensure that, that change is durable with the increased investment and we find a way to make that increased investment, which leads to the decision to wind-down the vents business. It's a very difficult decision, but the business became increasingly unprofitable throughout the last year. The growth slowed even more. And the dynamics within the vent segment are changing, moving to lower acuity ventilators. And our kind of I'd say unique, and worthy contributions are more in the higher acuity hospital based. And so with that market changing and becoming increasingly unprofitable, our decision to wind that down creates the oxygen, the investment if you will, that we can fund the monitoring side of the equation here and ensure that this, our competitive positioning versus Massimo we can -- we feel like we can extend it. And another dynamic that has emerged is the use of data and the importance of data in this space. And that's been changing and becoming increasing. And actually, I'd say, it's the basis for innovation and our confidence in taking that data, and translating that into meaningful iteration, rapid iterations as well as disruption over time is pretty high, given what we've been able to do with AI and other parts of the company. And so you add all this together, and I finally say that, the last thing I'll make a comment on is, as a company more broadly, we continue to prioritize profitable growth and category leadership. When you take all these factors together, we believe we're able to provide increased investment for this acute-care monitoring business what we're calling at ACM now using the savings from brands and also bringing the two -- these were two separate businesses, our respiratory interventions business with ventilators in it and our monitoring business, bringing them together at the leadership level also creates some savings. And then we can find that the incremental investment needed for the monitoring business, all without dilution to our P&L. So, you know, the last thing I want to say is, this was a difficult decision, and it doesn't take anything away from our employees who played such a pivotal role during COVID in driving ventilator innovation and responding to the global needs during the COVID pandemic. And I also want to give a nod to the just the legacy of the Puritan Bennett brand, which has been so strong. And we're proud of the rich legacy of this business and Puritan Bennett ventilators, and this decision has not been easy. And last thing I'll say this does not mean that we're going to shy away from additional portfolio moves. So don't read anything into that. But the bar is high for any strategic activity that's going to dilute our focus or our earnings.
Geoff Martha: Well thanks Joanne for the questions. You know, obviously, we've been working this diabetes turnaround for some time, and it hasn't been a straight line, but we definitely have some momentum here on 780G, that platform, and just our capabilities here, to use the data like, I was talking about the Patient Monitoring business here as well to create algorithms that really are differentiated and drive differentiated outcomes for patients. And that's playing out globally, and now in the United States. So I'll Que -- maybe Que if you could come in and answer Joanne's if you could peel it apart a little bit more for Joanne, I'd appreciate it.
Geoff Martha: Yeah, I'd say Joanne on this one -- thanks, Mike, first of all, and I'd say on this one, in the robotic system and the features are differentiated and has been -- and been well-received, but it's broader than that as Mike pointed out. I mean it's about the digital platform that comes with it, and as well as the instrumentation, as we transition instrumentation in our laparoscopic business onto the robot particularly stapling in energy. All these moves build momentum, build capabilities momentum over time and we're seeing -- we saw that play out in the Spine business. We bought Mazor and it wasn't an overnight change. You saw our last couple of quarters have been, but it took the integration of these things, you know, Mazor with our navigation and then imaging and then getting these AI-guided surgical planning systems, all these things coming together, you know, every quarter more progress have built the ecosystem we have today, that's really driving that, not just the growth for Medtronic, but to growth for the Spine industry right now. And we expect to do the same thing in soft-tissue surgery.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Let me tell you. I'll start off and transition to Karen. On the gross margin a couple of things that I'd point out. One is pricing, Karen talked about that. I do think what we're seeing here is a lot of innovation in the industry and a lot of Medtronic. And this innovation, we're finding is valued. It drives value in the health system, and I think we've gotten better at showing the health economics of the innovation that applies from the innovation in addition to the clinical value. I think in the past, we were pretty indexed on clinical value. And more recently, we keep that focus and then add the health economics, and it's getting paid for. And we're I think doing a better job of making those points and getting that pricing and I do think it's durable. So the pricing has increased, I'd say, for the company overall, 200 basis points or so relative to the past, and I think we're going to keep pushing for even more. On the converse, if you don't have the innovation, be prepared for that as well because I think hospitals have gotten more sophisticated and purchasing, and your price is going to pay for that if you're not keeping up with the innovation. But given where we are on the product cycles and giving us pricing muscle, we feel good about that being incremental especially to the historical baseline. The other you asked about is cost goods sold productivity, and the answer, the short answer to your question is, yes, we do think it's sustainable, we've got lots of opportunity here. Can you think about it, we have this pretty big footprint of factories and distribution centers and too many suppliers I have said in the past. Now with Greg Smith coming in a couple of years ago and we've centralized that, we can take a strategic look across that portfolio. And we have a long list of cost-down programs. And then we've ensured that we've effectively contracted those between our global operations supply-chain team and our operating units, because it takes release product engineering to make sure that these cost programs can happen in our operating unit. So we feel good about that, and we feel that that's sustainable. So those are two big changes that impact positively gross margins now and into the future. And speaking in the future, I'll turn it over to Karen to talk about your FY'25 leverage question.
Geoff Martha: Yeah. Like Karen said pricing on the gross margin side, pricing, cost of goods sold productivity a lot of focus there. Karen mentioned earlier on the call about discipline around our G&A. Our people are the number one driver of our cost there and so we put a discipline in there that we're holding to. And then finally just setting up the portfolio for profitable growth and the decision on with the changing dynamics, the decision to hold our Monitoring business, because of the confidence in the profitable growth is evidence of that, is setting up the portfolio, the right way. So, I'll leave it there on the focus of on recovering the earnings power of the company, and we'll provide more details on that FY'25 look next quarter.
Geoff Martha: Thanks, Vijay for the questions. I'll start with the latter question on RDN and Hugo. And let Karen handle the earnings growth ones and further comment on RDN and Hugo. I'd say, on, look Hugo, the way we're looking at Hugo is a part of our broader surgical franchise, an important part of that. And it needs investment. And it is, if you look at Hugo specifically, it is taking a meaningful amount of investment to keep it going here. We've reached -- I love the milestone that we're at now in terms of robot that's out there that's performing well and has got great features that are valued by physicians globally. The feedback has been strong. But we still got more work to do. We've got to get our instruments on there. We've got to complete the US trial, we've got to continue to build out a US -- capital equipment US sales force. So this is a tall order. But the -- our confidence in executing there is high. And it's important to this huge business, our surgical business, which is our biggest business and drives a lot of profit and cash flow. And I say our confidence is high and we're up against a strong competitor in Intuitive. But we like our competitive positioning overall and especially against the other potential robotic companies there. And the dynamics of this market, we think you know play in our favor. So there is investment there. On RDN, by the way, we're really trying to call Symplicity now. We got to get -- we'll get ready for some consumer education on this hypertension therapy. So we're trying to get rid of the RDN term as much as possible. So we got a square jar going on around here on that one. But on hypertension, this one we believe will start to show some profits here. So it's much less of a drag, and we hope to, in the next couple of quarters, the medium-term, this to generate not just revenue, but income, it's a highly profitable product line for us with high gross margins and it will be a positive to our overall mix. And like I said, Hugo, it's going to take investment, but this one I think will provide oxygen, not in the next quarter or two, but over the medium-term here. So I'll leave it there, but it's -- and turn it over to Karen.
Geoff Martha: Sure. So maybe I'll start with Sean. Before I turn it over to Sean, as I pointed out in the commentary, all the puts and takes in the -- our ablation business, we call, Cardiac Ablation Solutions, our AFib business, we do see an acceleration in this business and even in the fourth quarter here. So -- but I'll turn it over to Sean to talk about AFib and then Aurora.
Geoff Martha: Well, thanks. First of all, Anthony, thanks for the comment on Tom Holleran. He is a real legend around here. And just a great guy. So we're going to miss him. On Structural Heart, two comments before I turn it over to Sean. First, I really applaud the business for their evidence generation in total. We just did our low risk data, and we publish it every year, not just when it's convenient. And then they had the courage to do a head-to-head, which is not, you know, something that's often done in our space. And so, I could tell you that I, for one, love that just the commitment to data and the competitiveness to go head-to-head. And I'm very much looking forward to the results, that are going to come out in early April at ACC. But in terms of the specifics of what you're asking on how it might play out, I'll turn that over to Sean.
Geoff Martha: Okay, thanks, Sean. And so just to wrap it up here. One final comment on the ventilation, the Monitoring and Ventilation decisions you know as a result of these portfolio decisions, Bob White will be leaving Medtronic and he has been just such an impactful and important leader for the company for a long time. And although the friendship will remain strong, we're definitely going to miss working with him day to day, and I want to wish him -- I want to wish him well. And I know that comes from the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee and everybody at Medtronic that's interacted with Bob just a high ethical leader and just a good guy, and we wish him well. And in terms of -- and so for in terms of today I just want to thank everybody for the questions. Definitely appreciate your support and continued interest in Medtronic. And we hope you'll join us again for our Q4 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Thursday, May 23rd. And again we'll update you on our progress and how we finished the fiscal year, but also look ahead to fiscal '25. So with that thanks for spending time with us today and have a great rest of your day.
Sean Salmon: Yeah, sure, Geoff. So Larry, in the US what we had experienced was the first time ever a competitor in the cryo segment, so we had a 100% market share and we had the competitor ramp up their production, we felt that in the fourth quarter. I think there's also some anticipation for some new products we're launching including Nitron Console a refresh on our capital equipment for cryo. And of course the PulseSelect, which just started its launch in United States after the quarter closed. And that's doing very, very well, the feedback has been exceptional, doing well in the United States, doing well outside the United States. And I think those catalysts to growth of Pulsed Field for both the PulseSelect, that's the single-shot technology as well as our point-by-point ablation is driving a lot of enthusiasm. So, I think we're going to see a return to growth and into next year we really feel the full force of those launches. So it's a step-back certainly in the United States with the 11% growth worldwide or outside the United States, I should say, is giving us a lot of confidence. This is a pipeline that's poised to return us to growth in that segment.
Sean Salmon: Yeah, thanks, Geoff. And Matt the trajectory is obviously going to be upward for both the EV-ICD as well as the CAS business in total. As you launch these new technologies, there are some training that you have to do to make sure that the physicians are comfortable with how to use the products and that's of course something we are very deliberate about to make sure that there is a good patient outcome and good acceptance of the technology. And that's something we do pretty frequently at our business. So we're really, really good at it. And the feedback has been excellent. The procedure efficiency on PulseSelect has been -- we're getting these cases done in like a half an hour, and the acceptance on Aurora has been exceptional too. So as I said I think it's the same story for both of those technologies, where you push growth now but into next year will the full impact of these innovations.
Sean Salmon: Yes, thanks, Anthony. The completement of enrollment happened in October of '22, so that's a 12-month endpoint for the study, and that pushes you really out of the window for TCT. So, I think we're on schedule, I'd say, we're pleased to have been accepted as a late-breaker at ACC. But that's really as expected I'd say. In terms of the trial itself and how it will be received, I think just right the momentum that we have on data from the notion 10-year data that's low-risk patients out to 10 years showing superior durability of our valve compared to surgical implants, and then our four-year low-risk study with hard endpoint benefits and a widening benefit on serious outcomes like mortality and disabling stroke. And of course going head-to-head in a really important patient population, those with a small analysts. We said that's about 40% of the global market. Really prevalent among women and within smaller patient populations like in Japan for example. So that's, I think it's really important and compelling data, it's a one year outcome which portends long-term outcomes. And I think you know we're excited for the reception of those results. And we do think that, that's a catalyst for growth for us with our really unique position in that particular subset of patients, which is a big chunk of the market at 40%.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Sean. And on FY'25 Larry, I would just start with the fact that we're really pleased with our performance through these last several quarters. Q3 was another solid quarter, our fifth consecutive quarter of solid mid-single-digits. And I would point out that we drove that mid-single-digit growth this quarter off of mid-single-digit comps last year. And that's what we expect to continue into FY'25, you know, we've been working through our planning process, and we expect to wrap that up in advance of our Q4 earnings call. So we'll give our guidance in May. Not ready to give you real specifics, but from a high level, we've had no major changes to the puts and takes for next year that we discussed on our earnings call in Q2. And we're focused on obviously setting up guidance that sets us up for success, prioritizes innovation and allows us to deliver on our commitments. But just on margins and down the P&L, there are puts and takes, we've got inflation that's stabilizing a bit, but it's still higher than historical. Currency is always dynamic, but at recent rates we are facing a decent headwind from FX and we'll just have to see how that shakes out. Global tax reform is likely to be a headwind, but as always, we're focused on driving offsets, where we can. And as you know, we've made, we've made good and real progress on our COGS cost out work, and that started with centralizing our global ops and supply chain, and focusing those teams on putting in place tangible programs that we now have in place to drive that cost-out work. And always, we're continuing to focus on driving pricing as an important lever. We've built a new muscle around pricing and we're just making it stronger and stronger. And then we're always focused on controlling expenses. We've got discipline on our largest driver of our expense, which is our headcount. And we expect that to continue. So really no major changes from what we laid out last quarter.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah, so just on, I'll just add on gross margins too, we're pleased with our performance that we had this quarter. We overcame a 60 basis point headwind from FX and continued inflationary pressures. And a lot of that was driven by strong pricing, which Geoff talked about. We also did have some continued delays and China VBPs in Aortic and Peripheral Vascular and Stapling. And those VBPs could be coming through this coming fourth quarter or this current fourth quarter and potentially into next year. So that's just something going on in gross margins. You know, as we talk -- as we think about leverage down the P&L clearly we're focused on driving leverage. And I think we talked about it last quarter, Travis, clear leverage is where your bottom-line grows faster than your top-line. We're focused on getting there eventually. We're not ready to talk about that for FY'25, it's still too early for our planning guidance. And I've already pointed out, lots of different puts and takes for next year.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah, and I would just say on earnings, we've made good progress on driving the earnings part of the company just in this year. I noted that we've been able to increase our guidance on the bottom line by $0.15 at the mid-point from where we initially started the year and that's driven by the strong track-record that we've drove -- that we've driven in the last -- the first three quarters of this year. And we do expect that to continue. Over the medium and long term, we are committed to the right earnings growth. There's no -- there's no debate about that. And we're focused on overcoming the headwinds that we've got over that timeframe and delivering on that growth.
