Mike Coyle: Let me start with the ICD market. As you’ll remember, last quarter we talked about the challenge being the new product launches that we had, and trying to get those on contract when we were looking for an ASP increase. And so that led to some destocking of hospital inventories as we worked through the process in hospitals that have obviously put up some larger barriers to agreement to ASP increases. That worked itself out during the course of the second quarter, and I think you can reasonably assume that basically they’re back to where they are comfortable stocking. So that now makes it a pretty reasonable picture to just look at the full first half of the year and say, what does the overall growth profile look like? And that’s where we get to this roughly 1% global market growth. So that, I think, should give you a picture of what we think is happening with the overall market. On the second question, regarding CoreValve, we are not counting on any meaningful revenues coming in the fiscal year, from CoreValve. And we are going to be obviously ramping our field representation in advance of the launch. So that’s in our current set of assumptions. Obviously what FDA decides to do in terms of the approval is up to them.
Mike Coyle: We would expect normalization in the German market to take place over the next two quarters, just because of the big volatility that took place over the last two quarters. So I wouldn’t say it will all be back to normal next quarter, but certainly when we get into the fourth quarter I would expect normalization to have occurred. On the U.S. side, what I’d point out is we’re now six to seven questions into the launch of Resolute Integrity. We’ve lapped its launch in every major market around the world, and we continue to show share capture. And I think what that’s about is a couple of things. One is just the performance of the product. The handling of the product, the diabetes labeling, the recent data on [DAPT]. I mean, it’s a great product, and I think the more use it gets, the more physicians are coming to appreciate that. But it also fits very nicely into our broader CVG strategy in that we have moved increasingly toward having Resolute Integrity involved in multi product line bundles across our businesses, which include services and programs in those bundles. And that product line has been the biggest beneficiary of it. So if you look historically, it used to be when you brought out a new stent product your share would move in the first two or three quarters, and then that would be it. What we’re seeing is just a continued growth in our share position in DES, and we think it’s because it’s a great product and it’s fitting into a great broader strategy for CVG.
Mike Coyle: We’ve certainly seen stabilization in the initial implants for ICDs, which is a good sign, obviously. Something we’ve been looking for, and have now seen. On the pricing side, basically it’s flat overall pricing, and we are seeing price increases tied to the new product launches in our high tier, but we continue to see pricing pressure in the mid tier technologies. You net it all out, it’s relatively flat ASPs, which of course is a nice improvement over the 4% to 5% ASP declines we were seeing at this time a year ago. So generally speaking, it’s market stabilization that we’re seeing.
Mike Coyle: I think it’s important to look at heart failure as both a short term issue and a long term issue. The short term issue is the 30-day rehospitalization challenge, which all hospitals in the U.S. agree is something that is a big challenge for them to manage. And that’s where the Cardiocom solution, with this basically very fixed window of time in which to impact, has proven to be very effective. The alternatives that are being looked at are permanent implants that are very expensive solutions, which really are not the right answer for the short term challenge, but the question would be are they the right solution for the long term challenge of heart failure management. And in that case, clearly as Omar just mentioned, there are a lot of variables involved here. It’s not just the availability of the measurement from the device, but also the tracking of that data, the specificity and sensitivity of those data, and the cost of managing that information. And we think that’s a very expensive solution that’s being looked at for the long term. We are really focused on trying to focus in that near term window, not only with Cardiocom, but also with some of the predictive diagnostics that are coming out of our CRDM organization. So you know about Reveal. We talked about the Reveal Linq, which is the next-generation loop recorder that we have, and there are other predictive diagnostics you’re going to see us talk about over the course of the next six months that we think can be very helpful in managing heart failure patients in that window where there’s a very clear economic need. So that’s how I would characterize our approach to the strategy.
Mike Coyle: First, I think it’s important to point out that what we are seeking approval for in terms of the range of sizes and alternative access routes for CoreValve should significantly expand the number of patients who are going to be candidates for TAVI, because currently the current approved competitive devices are certainly limited in terms of their size and also the invasiveness of a transapical approach. So we think that there is still plenty of opportunity to both take share in the existing segment as well as to expand the number of patients who are getting treated within the extreme risk. So we’re confident that what we do in terms of our overall expectation for market size continues to be what we would expect to see. On the third question, obviously this is one of the first that’s on the joint track of CMS approval as well as FDA approval. Our goal would be to have essentially a three month window between those two, the FDA approval and the follow on reimbursement, but again, this is fairly uncharted territory, so we’re going to have to see where that leads, but that’s certainly where we are managing our strategy toward.
Mike Coyle: On Germany, obviously if you just look at total revenues that we just reported in the quarter, we lost share on a reported basis, because we had no product that we were able to sell other than for the compassionate use side. But as you may recall from the first quarter, when customers learned that they were going to lose access to this product, there was a lot of demand that basically accelerated purchases. So in terms of overall share of implants, it’s hard to say, but I don’t think there probably was a lot of share loss in the quarter. And obviously now that we’ll be able to go back into the market with the full offering, I don’t expect there will be going forward. But it’s going to take a couple of quarters for that to normalize overall.
Gary Ellis: Just to add to what Mike said, the leverage we’re talking about in Q4 is not necessarily coming from CoreValve. It’s just our natural leverage. If you go back over history, historically in our fourth quarter, because we have more selling days and it’s our strongest quarter, there’s more leverage in that fourth quarter, and that’s what we were referring to.
Gary Ellis: Obviously we’re not going to give necessarily quarterly guidance, but I think you’ve highlighted a couple of issues that the market should take into consideration. Our Q3 last year did include some significant tax benefits. If you factor those out, you’re probably more like at an earnings per share of $0.88, which is kind of similar to where we were last year in Q2. And our Q2 and Q3 tend to be somewhat similar. We’re pretty close. And so where the consensus is right now on Q3, based on the gross margin issues we highlighted, we think we’ll improve in Q3 and as we go into Q4, but it will be a little bit more in Q3 here, with these quality costs we’ve talked about and the launch of the CoreValve product line. I wouldn’t be surprised to see people moving a penny or two from the Q3 to our Q4. We’re not changing our full year guidance, and we wouldn’t expect the [unintelligible] to change, but seeing some shift occur from Q3 to Q4 would not be unexpected.
Gary Ellis: I think it’s a little bit of all of those factors. First of all, clearly the FX impact on cost of sales has been greater than we probably expected even a quarter ago. And we just don’t know exactly how that will play out, but it clearly has been a little bit more negative. But the big surprises really were in the situation that as we’ve ramped up all these new product lines, which the good news is we’re getting additional revenue from that. The bad news is there’s some additional costs in ramping up. You don’t get the initial yields you expect right away, and especially when you’re having to ramp up very, very quickly, the scrap and obsolescence also becomes higher, just due to the fact that, for example, on some of the new products, the older products are no longer as much in demand, so we have a higher obsolescence. So that’s the good news of having some of these products be [unintelligible] in the marketplace. The bad news is it affects gross margin. So those, we actually think are a little bit more one-time, and will start to work themselves off after Q2 here with the launches of a lot of these new products. But the quality issues, as you highlighted, we do expect will continue for at least the next quarter or two as we make significant investments in shifting resources from really the R&D efforts up into addressing our quality compliance issues, both in neuro and diabetes. And so that’s why we pulled things back a little bit. The good news is pricing is actually, if anything, kind of in line with what we expected, maybe even slightly better, and we are offsetting that with the cost reductions we have across our various product lines. But these one-time other product type costs clearly impacted us more than we expected in Q2, and we’re assuming that that will play a little bit into Q3, and that’s why for the full year we’re down. As we go forward, we would expect those obviously would not be as significant going into next year.
Gary Ellis: Well, the reality is your FX in the fourth quarter is much less than right now. [If the rates] stay where they’re at, and that’s what that’s all based on, the FX impact in the fourth quarter would be relatively minor, and so you pick up almost 40 basis points right there, just through the FX. The other piece would be the [equality] items that we’re talking about, there will also be some costs occurring in the fourth quarter as we continue to focus on addressing the warning letters. But you’re also having that cost on a much higher revenue number. And so that’s what also drives your gross margins in the fourth quarter. If you look back historically, the gross margins in the fourth quarter also tend to be at a higher level, as I mentioned, even with the SG&A, because you have a fixed cost that’s on a much higher revenue number. And so, in general, part of it is just your historical trends. The gross margin is probably 40-50 basis points higher in the fourth quarter. Part of it is related to FX and part of it is related to the quality cost. Should start to minimize as we go through the fourth quarter itself.
Gary Ellis: And we would expect that obviously, having had data, we’ve always said you have in the data the proven information in the U.S., we think will actually help accelerate the marketplace, and having reimbursement at the same time or close to it would obviously help. So we expect the uptake in the U.S. would be much faster than what we’ve said outside the U.S.
Omar Ishrak: I think this quarter we just happened to have a bunch of different regions slow down. Just by coincidence everything happened together. We expect this to rapidly start to reaccelerate, because everywhere I go, the fundamental growth drivers are clearly there. There are patients everywhere who need attention from existing therapies. In addition, we’ve got several very concrete plans in place that will start to sort of deliver real revenue growth over the next few quarters, and we’ll share that with you as they mature. In terms of China itself, I mentioned a few very specific items in terms of distributor conversions and some new products. And the overall environment there, there’s some noise out there, because of different regulatory type concerns, but in general we don’t have any hard data to support anything. Our teams are still calling for good growth going into the back half of the year.
Omar Ishrak: Let me make one brief comment, and then I’ll let Chris talk to that. You know, we look at all our businesses. We look at an overall period of time. And if you’ll recall, last quarter we actually had a pretty strong spine performance. This quarter there were some dynamics, which Chris will talk to, but we’ve got every confidence that, like I mentioned in the commentary, that the cadence of product launches we have in spine actually will deliver over the next few quarters. But I think Chris can answer the question a little more specifically.
Omar Ishrak: First, the main comment here is that like I pointed out in the commentary, the number of new products coming out is really unprecedented, at least for the time being and for several years probably before that. And not only Medtronic, but if you look across the industry, that number of products coming out, with that regularity, across the breadth of our businesses, whether you talk about the different businesses in [TVG] or some of the stuff that we do in spine that we think will accelerate growth there. Or you talk about the [IBT] piece. So if you look across the entirety of our businesses, this is quite a change. And it’s got to have some impact. And right now, we’re close to mid-single digits. If you recall, last year we were there, and we’ve had a few quarters here where we’ve had some pressures, but we’re borderline. So I would expect that these launches will help us. They have to. In addition to that, we’ve got a series of other activities that we’re doing, particularly around globalization, which we expect will also help us. Having said that, we live in a place where surprises are not uncommon, and markets are still volatile across the world. Healthcare is a big issue in terms of government focus and spending. And you know, we always have to be a little cautious about where surprises can come from. But on balance, I think our position at this stage is about as good as it’s been since I’ve been here, in terms of future outlook.
Omar Ishrak: Let me give you some perspective. First of all, Cardiocom is an operating business with strong results and strong growth prospects with what it has. It has some unique capabilities and we’re excited about what they’re doing, and they have strong momentum and growth by themselves. Now, when we take Cardiocom and latch that onto our distribution team, which is far bigger than what Cardiocom had on their own, we obviously open up a lot more opportunities for that business to grow and increase their sales of their existing products. But in addition to that, the combination of our devices now, going after a more selected patient pool, together with Cardicom’s support services, offer up a future opportunity that is unprecedented, that no other device company and a cardiac monitoring company has ever really got together in this way. And we expect real improvement in growth going forward as a result of that. Now, with respect to other things that we’re to do, as you know, studies have shown that to move the needle and think like heart failure requires a broad set of services, a broad set of solutions, that have to be executed through multiple stakeholders. We’re in the process of creating that holistic solutions business and leading that effort, and we think Cardiocom is a big asset in that journey. Other things will certainly be required, but on its own, Cardiocom is an extremely good platform for us to base this journey on. It’s really a long term method. I’m going to say as well that in terms of the heart failure rehospitalization, we’ve got evidence already that using the Cardiocom capabilities we can have a measurable impact on the reduction of heart failure in specific hospitals, and we think it’s a very cost effective method through which we can achieve that goal. Sensors will be developed over time that will enhance that capability, but in our experience, just doing one thing in an area of that type is usually not enough, but a broad solution is required. I’ll let Mike comment on specifically the product and technology and his views on that, and maybe our plans.
Omar Ishrak: Well, it’s a little early to get too much data on this, because we just started shipping it, but I’ll tell you that the principal response has been outstanding, both from patients who receive the device and just in anticipation of what the product can do. So we’re really confident about the outlook and the general acceptance of this product as we see it. I think in general most of our Medtronic patients were upgrading at this stage, but we expect some conversions as well. I doubt if there’s going to be too many MDI patients going to this technology first. But again, it’s very early. We just started shipping this product just about a month or so ago. So let’s wait and see. But like I said, the anticipation from our patients is very high, and a lot of excitement around it. Okay, so with that, it’s time to conclude. Thank you all very much for your questions. And I’d like to briefly note that as you work on filling your 2014 calendars, we plan to host our institutional investor analyst meeting on June 5, which will be held again in New York City. With that, and on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. And for those of you in the U.S., I want to wish you and your family all a very happy Thanksgiving. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q3 call, which we anticipate holding on February 18. Thank you.
