Geoffrey Martha: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bob. I mean, the way we look at this is, by geography and then by product line or therapy. But I'll start with the answer, overall, we're nearing a full recovery and we're seeing with each month of the quarter, every month was better than the prior month and that continued to improve and accelerate into May, largely driven by the U.S. market. I mean once we hit that vaccination inflection point. I mean, I know a couple of months ago, people were worried that it wasn't moving fast enough, then we hit an inflection point and things really opened up. And so in the U.S. where depending with therapy you want to look at anywhere from 85% to over 100% of pre-COVID levels. And like I said, every month got better. And then you look around the world, China's pretty much back to normal totally and Europe being our second biggest, Western Europe if you look at that as one market, that is lagging behind the U.S. But look, we're confident that when you have a healthcare system like they have with that kind of infrastructure, once they get the vaccinations going, it will hit that same inflection point in the United States and open up. But as you know, they are a couple of months behind. The harder one to peg down is the emerging markets. I mean places like India where the virus is still raging, southeast -- other parts of Southeast Asia, Latin America, they don't have the same infrastructure even when they get the vaccine and there's a lot of people. So, there's a lot of vaccines that you need to get there. So that's a harder one to pin down, but overall as a company, I guess that we are nearing a full recovery despite the emerging market piece, really driven by the acceleration of the United States and I guess that we expect Europe to come not too far behind.
Geoffrey Martha: Japan, it was doing pretty well and then it slowed down a bit and it's starting to come back. But like many of the developed market, it slowed down in that December, January timeframe, but it is starting to come back for us as well.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks. Yes, I just you know, it’s good to see though the pipeline starting to show up here. I mean, we’re looking forward to get to the U.S., but the 780G, the new sensor, the extended wear infusion set, it’s a pretty powerful combination. And we’re seeing great clinical results and great patient feedback. And I think you’ll see that in the data that comes out. And it’s a good leading indicator of what we’re goanna see in the United States, when it gets here.
Geoffrey Martha: Okay, yes, I was goanna ask you to clarify, because when you said robotics, I wasn’t sure. So on the spine side, look, Matt, I know you’ve followed this for years, the strategy of surrounding the spine procedure and preceding the spine procedure, and following up the spine procedure with enabling technology from surgical planning, to navigation, interoperative imaging, the robot, this is paying off. I mean, we had record sales last quarter of our capital equipment tied to spine procedures and continue to outpace the competition on the robotic sales. But more than anything, okay, more important than all of that is the surgeon feedback that we are getting, has hit an inflection point. They are now talking about the outcomes that they’re getting from this. It’s the planning, the precision of the planning to get the right alignment plan in there. And then the accuracy of executing to that plan with Nav and the robot, and then the ability to follow it up and access images in the PAC System through Medicrea to come back and retrain or continue to evolve our algorithms. And also shows surgeons are you really getting that alignment that you thought, this is coming together, and I think we are separating ourselves from the pack and really getting closer to what our ultimate goal here is, is to transform spine surgery from the art that it is today to a science and then demonstrate it with outcomes. So that is something we’re very excited like you mentioned the momentum. The momentum is the lagging, the momentum from the enabling technology, like I said record sales and it’s because the buzz is out there from surgeons starting to talk about the results they’re getting from using this. And people that were sitting on the sidelines are jumping in and the bus is moving or the train has left the station on this one. And the feedback from our field, again a lagging indicator is palpable the energy. So we’re feeling really good about spine and robotics and in the lessons that we’ve learned from spine. We are spending a lot of time our spine team and Brett Wall working with Bob White and Megan Rosengarten on the soft tissue. I think a lot of those lessons learned. I mean the markets aren’t the same, they are different, but there are some lessons learned and there are some synergies there that we will incorporate into our Hugo soft tissue robot launch.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, in the, I’d say in the United States, even the ones that are lagging, I would expect them to get back to a full recovery in our fiscal Q1. And the ones that are lagging are more, the more elective areas like ENT, our GI business, our Endovenous business. And it is, all those businesses that I mentioned, we talked in the commentary about ENT and GI gaining share. So it’s not a competitive thing, it really is a COVID issue and in the United States, we expect those to get back in our fiscal Q1. And then, we talked about before, Europe is lagging by few months and emerging markets hard to predict, but it’s it comes down to the elective nature. There’s a spectrum, maybe stroke and on one end, not very elective, at least from my perspective, and on the other end, you have some of these ones I just mentioned, like ENT, GI, Endovenous. I hope that answered your question, Danielle.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, the answer to your last question is, is yes, FY 2022 to be the first year. We need to work on how to measure this over the course of FY 2021 precisely enough to put it in comp. So in terms of the operating model, I’d say look the dust is still settling a bit, but we have definitely past, I’d say the most difficult part and I’m excited about where we’re headed. We’ve got increased role clarity and accountability across the org and this new decentralized model. And people are now looking forward and focused on their key metrics. So like for operating units, it’s this innovation pipeline, it’s their market growth, it’s their market share, as we just talked about, and this market share one is liberating for us, because instead of comparing ourselves to ourselves, we’re comparing ourselves to the market with the clear expectation to grow at or above the market, that clearly clarifies a lot. Four our regions, things like strategic account growth, over and above, what we’re getting, in the traditional Med-Tech model of selling to the specialist position and focused on those patients. But in addition to that, the strategic account growth, for our Executive Committee, right for the people on this call, measurements around capital allocation to the high growth segments, portfolio management, all are now focused to increase our overall company weighted average market growth rate. Right? So and then finally, I’d say there’s lots of excitement, more than I would have thought maybe even about the culture changes. This thing we’re calling the Medtronic mindset that has these, it really works alongside our mission. Medtronic is known for a mission driven company. We always want to be known for that, that’s kind of our ROI if you will. But adding these things like acting boldly, competing to win, move a speeding decisiveness, delivering results the right way, adding these in to the mix alongside our mission has generated a lot of energy, and it’s kind of taken off organically inside the company. And, so, I’d say overall, really happy with where it’s going, and we’re starting to see the results of this.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure, all right. Well, thanks, everybody for the questions. And, we really appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And we hope you’ll join us for our Q1 earnings for our webcast which we anticipate holding on August 24, where we’ll update you on our progress. And so with that, again, thanks for tuning in today and please stay healthy and safe and have a great rest of your day.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Robbie. So, in terms of revenue, clearly, we're seeing a strong end to our fiscal year and that's continuing into the first quarter and we expect that momentum to continue. So, from a revenue perspective, we expect increasing revenue growth on a two-year stacked basis throughout the year. In terms of bolus of revenues, we just expect it to be steady, steady increase. In terms of operating margin, we expect an operating margin expansion this year even with our significant increase in investment, particularly against the Robot and RDN and that's what's driving our guide in line with Street expectations. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. I would say you can expect a few points, roughly a little bit over 3 points of improvement in the year. And so we're driving that expansion at the same time that we're driving important investments.
Karen Parkhill: Vijay, I might start by saying that the $400 million of operating losses that we shared with you is both the Robot and RDN combined, it's not just the Robot. And in terms of our assumptions behind the $50 million to $100 million, you can expect it to accelerate into the year, particularly in the back half and the fourth quarter. And we're pleased to be launching this Robot, and we're really excited about the prospects beyond this fiscal year into FY 2023 where we said that it should double or perhaps even triple.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, I’m going to let Bob White comment, too, but you can expect it's a lot. We're going to continue in R&D spending and we're going to be building out sales force and customer service and support as well.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, Chris, I’ll take the first part. I’m going to let Sean comment on the second part. One thing to keep in mind with our diabetes guide is that we purposely did not adjust for the extra week across the whole company that we had last year, because the reduction in bulk purchases offset it. But that reduction in bulk purchases did not affect our diabetes business. So really, we need to look at it with the loss of the extra week that is indeed affecting them and that loss of the extra week is about 150 basis points on the year. So hopefully, that’s helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, I would just add, Rick your first question on cash generation in the years ahead. Clearly, we are focused on driving strong conversion of our non-GAAP EPS into cash. And, we’ve said we’ve targeted greater than 80% conversion rate, that doesn’t change. So we remain focused on delivering that. And we also, are growing cash along with earnings and we’re focused on driving continued working capital productivity, in our day sales outstanding, our days payable, our inventory. So you can expect us to continue to have this keen focus on cash flow and driving, strong results from it.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So 27%, 27.5% in that range for the year, but keep in mind that our op margin should improve as we go through the year and so by the end of the year, we expect it to be, above that 28%.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, gross margin we also expect sequential improvement, about half a point a sequential improvement in the gross margin through the year.
Sean Salmon: Thanks, Joanne. Yes, we’ve got a lot coming out next week at ATTD the plan the sensor data which will be released, there’s the abstract available on the website right now, which includes the marked numbers. We also have information coming out in the 780G experience, which I’d point you to look at the first 40,000 patients a real-world experience are being launched there. We’ll have additional smart pin data coming out at the ADA meeting. But in terms of your specific question on mark, that’s really not a great metric to look at. There’s sort of an overall average of how the difference is looking across the full range of the sensor, but what you really want to know is, when your blood sugar is high or when it’s low, is your sensor accurate? And those data are really accurate and you’ll see that in the presentation. And the other thing that’s important is the trending, is the blood sugar reliably being going up or down, and that’s really what matters. So kind of like A1C is a big average over time for glycemic control and time and range replace that metric, really the accuracy at the right places in the ranges, but it’s important, and you’ll see that in the day that’s being presented. In terms of price, and there’s no plan to change the pricing between what we’ve done with Guardian Sensor 3 or Guardian Sensor 4 in any market.
Sean Salmon: Yes, just to build on what Karen said, we also had a bit of a comparable issue within some international markets, where there was some stockpiling of the consumables that use that, that’s a little bit of your comparison, but the bigger effect for us is that the installed base in the last six months, so those coming out of the warranty in the last six months, was just higher than what we’re going to see in the first half of the fiscal year. So just getting a difference of how many patients come in with timing? Certainly, that the new product flows, you mentioned 780 and Zeus for the U.S. will be most important for us to continue to move both patients from the installed base as well as those new patients, those coming out of MDI or competitors. I don’t have an update on the timing, we’re inactive review, as Geoff said, on the filing. And we, the reviewer that’s working with us is the same one that reviewed the 770 device. We think that familiarity is going to be helpful, but there’s no update on timing at this point.
Sean Salmon: Yes, thanks Larry. I think there’s a good proxy for that pilot study, it sort of informed our decision, should we continue on? And is this worth studying? So we think, that magnitude of benefit could be there. But you’re right to point out that when you get into, more centers, more patient and physician variables, things can move around a little bit. So we’ll see what that looks like. But we’re confident that the trials designed properly to get us the right answer. The reimbursement is certainly the hurdle we do have CE mark, we have approval, a lot of countries are getting that paid for it’s going to be important. And in the United States, we’re waiting legally be proposed rule on M set, to allow four years of coverage as we develop further evidence upon approval. Now, that’s, that doesn’t cover payment, we still have work to do there, we still have to go pair-by-pair, because a lot of the patients will fall into the non-Medicare bucket of patients. But we’ve been working that for a number of years, frankly, to make sure that we have the right evidence to satisfy their needs, which really, frankly, drove the need for an ON MED trial to begin with. But yes, we got a lot of work ahead of us, but we’re very excited about the opportunity. And it’s getting closer and closer.
