Omar Ishrak: Well no, we think that we have got a pipeline of new products coming out that will replace the products that are lapping in growth and besides some of them have continued momentum even after the anniversary period like the transcatheter valve where the market continues to grow. But as I pointed out in almost every group, we have a very strong pipeline of products coming out all the way from diabetes team to RTG minimally invasive CVG all of them have several new products in the pipeline. So we see this new therapies momentum continuing. And in addition I am looking to supplement that with significant growth from both emerging markets as well as services and solutions, which kind of diversify our sources of revenue and can contain any surprises that may come up and so we think that that range is a pretty reliable range and after the acquisition of Covedian it's given us even more diversification.
Omar Ishrak: Well I would say the whole range, but you're right. The momentum right now suggests that the upper end of the range is the place to go, but the range is there for a reason and so it's -- we're going to stick to the mid single digit range and we'll do everything we can to get to the upper end of the range. And given our momentum especially with new therapies and given the fact that in both services and solutions and emerging markets we expect our momentum to actually pick up in the back half of the year. There is a good possibility we could drive the higher end, but the ranges like I said is there for a reason.
Omar Ishrak: I am going to give you a little overview and then I'll ask Geoff and Mike to help out with more detail here, I think Mike from a overall perspective the stroke market is one of our biggest opportunities and we're very excited about it. We think we're in the early stages of penetration with our new therapies and so we expect the momentum just from the therapy itself to continue. But looking into the future, we're looking at the entire stroke care pathway more carefully and we've got other products that are also impacting the stroke disease area, which we expect will have some level of pull through from our business in the stroke market. But beyond that I think both Geoff and Mike can add more color to that and certainly Mike can add their color to the CRM question. So Geoff will you start.
Omar Ishrak: Well, first of all the way we look at this is that the business units themselves make product tradeoffs. In several of them we kind of cancel existing program to cover for that. So the first responsibility to cover the dilution actually goes right down to business units and there, there is a real savings. And then as we go up we cover in the group and then we cover at a corporate level and through that we can cover the whole dilution. The actual amount I don’t know Gary, do you have sense of how much that is.
Omar Ishrak: I’ll let Geoff add depth to the answers here. Look, my expectation is that getting back to the core growth can’t be soon enough. So we want to get there as quickly as possible and I think we’re taking aggressive action especially in the near term to do with the way in which we’re leveraging our integrated sales force with our products and the way we’re kind of grouping these products together much more aggressively than before to make a difference in these accounts. In the mid-term, we will drive more technological synergy through surgical synergy and we’ve got sales force positioned for that and longer term we’re addressing some of the speed to market issues in our product development area, which we see are existing right now. They take a little time to come through the products. So, Geoff please add to that.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, look, I think you described it very well. That's exactly it. I think our near term strategies are exactly what you described that we've learned from our CVG experience that putting an integrated sales force together with a complete suite of products with specialists in the field can drive and some aggressive contracting based on that can drive pretty quick growth in sales and capture good accounts. We really haven't done that in spine, because the sales forces have never really been put together. That mean informal context, as that’s on the same as organizationally being integrated. And I think that's one of the things that we have done in the last 3 to 4 months and we're absolutely going to leverage as we go forward. And so the CVG parallel is a good one.
Omar Ishrak: Well, first, I'm very confident. And in fact, the Middle East and Africa was really the only region which was significantly impacted because of the reasons that I stated, because of the distributor sales. The underlying operational performance was fine and we expect that to bounce back this very quarter. I think Latin America was a little softer than we'd like. But the other regions were much stronger than they've been historically and in particular I know that's in everyone's mind here, we were actually quite pleased with what we saw in China. We had low double-digit growth in China, which actually is better than what we've been seeing in most quarters last year. We feel that we've outperformed the overall market. All of - the med device market there was reasonably strong. We did outperform it, but the underlying market was quite robust. We feel at this stage with what we know and what we can - intelligence that we can get from our own people and the market itself, we feel pretty good that we can continue this and in fact accelerate it in the back half. Because we'll get some tailwind out of the Middle East and China seems to be okay, at least from what we can see. Latin America may be a little more pressured, but China seems strong. India is definitely coming back. Russia is definitely strong. Southeast Asia is also well into the teens in growth. And so we've got every reason to believe that with our diversified position right now we have a right to expect sort of double-digit type growth out of emerging markets and I haven't given up like I said earlier on the objective of high double-digits because I think that's what we're entitled to. We've just got to find a way to unlock it.
Omar Ishrak: I think -- okay. First of all, just a few words and I'll let Bryan make the brunt of the commentary on this one. First, from an overall Medtronic perspective, look, the importance of robotics is pretty clear. And it's a trend that we can drive in an application focused way and I feel confident that our team can address that market. I think from an overall change perspective, I think a focus on some longer term investments is probably the biggest single change that I hear from Covidien, ex-Covidien employees. But I think Bryan is best suited to give more color to that, as well as the robotics strategies. Go ahead, Bryan.
Omar Ishrak: First, from an overall perspective, I think you understand the way in which we organized into the four groups. So that's our kind of primary strategic alignment. The goals and objectives of each of those groups are clear, into which sorts of market spaces they participate in. And within MIPG we're still looking through that portfolio. I know there was some questions around some of those businesses. I think right now we're still looking to see a number of things. First of all, do they add to our overall strategy of MITG and we're going through that carefully. We're not prepared to conclude on it completely. But right now they're all contributing. Do they fulfill our mission and are inline with our missions? They are. So right now, we've got what we've got and we're driving to see if we can get growth from all of them. I think it's a little premature to decide, although I I know it's been six or eight months. But we made some changes in the way in which we invest and to see if that investment change will result in or what they will result in, I think we need a little longer to assess. So I'd say Kristen that we're still - at this stage we've got everything there. It all fits from a clinical relevance perspective, from a mission perspective. Whether we can - in our new paradigm of investment of some of those businesses can we change the equation more, we'll have to see. So it's a little bit works in progress still. But by and large we're treating them like they should be in that they're completely part of MITG. Bryan you want to add anything to that.
Omar Ishrak: Well, you know, again, I'll let Bryan, maybe Mike also can comment on that a little bit, because I've got two of the bigger businesses here. But clearly the US is strong and procedure growth is strong. We -- on both the MITG and CVG we've taken share, but I think we'll all acknowledge that the procedure growth is really strong. And we think that the revitalized economy, as well as the Affordable Care Act are both contributing to that depending on the nature of the procedure. We think it's too early to tell, but we think there's some sustainability to this. But I think maybe Bryan your perspective first and I'll let Mike Coyle comment also for a little bit. So Bryan, go ahead.
Omar Ishrak: First, we - you might have said that on day one, I'm not sure, but certainly as we laid out our strategies that was not one of our core strategies. It was more around value creation because we had Covidien products which created value within the hospital and with our Medtronic products which were like chronic disease products. And we said that in value based healthcare, we have a broader set of assets that we could use to participate in value based healthcare model, where a broader continuum of products helps. So that was our primary notion around the breadth that we had. The fact that we have more - that we're more significant partner to a hospital, I think is important, but that alone is not one of our key strategies. I think that gets us in the door, but each of our product lines have to perform, perform competitively with the physicians and against our competition. And then if you do have a seat at the table which others don't then we go and leverage that. But that's not our primary integration point with Covidien. I mean, there are others like periferovascular* and neurovascular which are much more directed revenue synergy efforts where we're seeing very good results. And then in the operating room managed services we're - this aspect of moving towards value based healthcare is again where we're seeing real benefit. I think those are the ways in which we can make a true differentiated impact in healthcare. I think the fact that we are just broader helps, but that's not a critical growth driver for us on its own.
Omar Ishrak: Okay Thanks to all of you for your questions and with that and on behalf of our entire management team I'd like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q2 call which we currently anticipate holding on December 3rd. Thank you all and have a great day.
Gary Ellis: Yes David, I think you addressed kind of why we -- you didn't see quite as much of it hitting the bottom line here in Q1. Obviously we saw very strong growth both at the topline and we feel good about where we ended up on the bottom line, but there is obviously a lot of headwind. The majority of the biggest one being obviously the foreign exchange as we've highlighted foreign exchange especially in Q1, but Q1 and Q2 is probably at the peak here in these next couple of quarter and we clearly saw that in Q1 and we think that will probably become little bit less as we go through the year. In addition, the synergies are occurring basically and exactly as we expected and back to you point we're probably a little bit ahead of schedule and achieving the overall synergies that we've laid out, but we always knew that a majority of those were going to be backend loaded in the quarter here, excuse me, in the year because it just takes time for the physicians to be consolidating or having pulled together two different companies. There is lot of investments being made as we do that and so we knew that the synergies we have no expectation that we won't meet or exceed the $850 million that we've laid out as an organization. We're well on our way towards that schedule, but we knew from a timing perspective that that's a little bit higher, more in the backend of the year as you would expect and so we weren’t going to get much benefit here obviously in Q1 to offset some of the foreign exchange issues. So in our view, yes, you might have expected a little bit more to the bottom line especially on the strength of the revenue growth, but there is a lot of moving parts that we're still dealing with here as we pull these two companies together and everything is on schedule, everything is going as we would expect, but the timing is also as we expected and we expected it to be a little bit less in few months and improving as we go through the fiscal year.
Gary Ellis: No, Mike as far as -- we’re having to add it up myself to say what is it recovering because back to Omar's point most of this is being either covered by the business unit or the group as they go forward with this. There are several of the small technology acquisitions that you mentioned whether it’s actually existing revenue etcetera that there is almost no dilution and it will be neutral and it’s highly positive. Some of them are more technology based that are going to have more of an impact from the standpoint of more clinical trials like Twelve for example on the transcatheter mitral. That will have more of a dilution impact, but yes that will be basically Mike and his team will view them as an R&D program and they’ll cover that in their R&D basically budget as they move forward. So I haven’t even added it up myself as far as it is actually us being focused on this discipline and if we do these types of acquisitions, we got to cover that, if is dilutive to the company, which some of them will be that we got to make trade-offs within the rest of the organization. So I don’t have to tell you what the exact number is.
Gary Ellis: Kristen [ph] This is Gary. Just to add to what Omar said. I mean, I think as he indicated, the idea to say there's a lot more contracted -- of the entire portfolio, no, that hasn't happened nor did we necessarily expect that was going to be the case. But it clearly has helped us get into as we know with governments or CEOs and hospital systems, it's clearly helped us as we deal with insurance companies et cetera that we have the broader portfolio, so we're talking about a lot of different options. But could we point to a bunch of contracts where we negotiated across the product portfolio, the answer is no. And we didn't expect that. What we did expect however, was just the strength of the portfolio will clearly get us in conversations with high level officials across organizations and much better format. And I think that is happening and you're seeing that on some of the hospital solutions. You now see we have our first hospital solutions in the operating room with basically the former Covidien product line. So we're seeing that all happening and back to Omar's point we're seeing the synergies across the individual product portfolio, but not from the standpoint of we're all contract bundling perspective.
Geoff Martha: Yes sure, we're seeing a lot of the growth in the last quarter come from the ischemic stroke market here and thrombectomy and we see that market continuing to grow worldwide in the 25% to 30% range and in the U.S. even a little higher than that. And obviously the growth that's coming now in the stroke intervention piece here is from the clinical evidence that’s come out recently and we see a number of barriers though and that’s driving a lot of growth and there are number of barriers though that we're working on that I’d like to comment on. One is the diagnostic space and I’m going to let Mike comment on that because there is a play there for our diagnostic in this area, but then there is others like the ER physician education, EMS routing, some focus on neurologists and these are areas that in addition to the intervention, we’re focused on all of those areas with our team at Irvine. And so we’re feeling very good about it. You saw the in the Hemorrhagic space that’s all ischemic. You saw we did this Medina acquisition, which is around mesh coils, which should help us in the Hemorrhagic space, but we're not leading right now and we think this will help us in a big way there as well. So we feel very bullish about it. Just based on the clinical data, but there is a lot of other levers that we're working on like I mentioned and may be Mike if you want to comment on the diagnostic piece. Yes and broadly Mike your reviews on stroke and then go on to the CRM question.
Geoff Martha: Yes sure. Sure David first two macro comments, one losing being a shared donor in Core Spine in the U.S. is not acceptable to us and we have a real sense of urgency around turning that around. So that’s number one and the team is committed to that. Number two, we’re making some tangible changes in the Restorative Therapies Group and the biggest one I would say is managing it as an integrated group versus a holding company with a series of business units underneath. And when you do that this allows us to leverage our breadth to differentiate and drive growth in very targeted areas, which I’ll get to in a second, but the biggest beneficiary of this change, I believe will be our spine business globally in the U.S. especially. So some of the changes, some of the specific impacts were one, we've moved to an integrated sales force in the U.S. and in Europe and that is enabling us to do some much more efficient health system wide selling. In our case, we can combine some capital equipment from our Surgical Technologies business, navigation and imaging in with our spine products and so that’s helping a lot. And then more specifically enables us to drive this surgical synergy concept and this is where navigated procedures in spine using NAV, using our imaging and driving that to more of a standard of care. So there are several components of that and again spine will benefit from this. A tighter technology integration between our NAV and imaging technology with our spine implants and instruments and an R&D roadmap based off as surgical synergy offering versus just an R&D roadmap is independent spine and independent Surgical Technologies. We can get to one rep in the cases versus having a ST rep in there and a spine rep. We’re developing and putting together more robust clinical and economic data and just really trying to drive the surgical synergy strategy as a standard of care and today we estimate only 14% of Core Spine procedures are navigated. So we see a lot of upsides here and a lot of it is driven by working much closer together with our spine and our Surgical Technologies business. And then finally, we've got just a laser focus on just improving our innovation cycles in spine. The speed and the impact, and I don't want to pull any punches, we're not as fast as we need to be and that's another contributor to some of these other players gaining share on us. And this is something that we're focused on at the spine level, at the RTG level and also pulling in some broader Medtronic resources to improve the speed and effectiveness of our innovation cycles in spine. So we feel like we've got a lot of levers to pull here and we're focused on it. And over the -- so I just laid out some short, medium and longer term. I think the innovation cycles you won't feel that for a couple of quarters. But the other stuff, the other initiatives, the integrated selling and surgical synergy you should feel in the more near, medium term.
Geoff Martha: This is Geoff, just to build on that. I mean, not ashamed to say that we're definitely looking at the playbook that Mike Coyle and the CVG team have followed over the last four plus years and we definitely are getting a lot of confidence and inspiration from that. And then don't overlook MITG either, because they've done a lot of this over the last couple of years as they compete against a J&J. And so I think we have two parallels to look at that aren't exactly the same, but we're drawing lessons from both of those and have already taken steps. And then finally one advantage we have that even CVG, no offense, Mike, doesn't have - is we have real technology integration between the navigation and imaging and the power tools and the implant. So there's real technology integration there to drive procedural innovation that not only gets at economic outcomes, procedures more efficiently and faster, but also clinical outcomes. We need to do a better job of developing that data and getting it out there, because once surgeons try this, they really like it. There's a lot of surgeons and particularly in spine that are more experienced and sometimes they say hey, look, I don't need this. But once they try it typically they don't want to go back to do an un-navigated. So we feel very good about that and we just have to really focus on this more over the next couple quarters.
Bryan Hanson: Hey, Bob. It's good to hear from you. Yeah, so far, so good, right. We've been able to stay focused on the business. We've been able to continue to perform as part of Medtronic as we have in the past. I feel really good about the new products that we've launched. Omar mentioned a couple, but we have a whole family of products in advanced stapling and advanced energy, they are doing quite well for us. And of course as you know, Bob, we're not going to sit and wait for those to continue. We've got others coming behind them. So I see the momentum in surgery in particular in the US elevating just because you see more surgical procedures, but I also see that shift from open procedures to MIS and that's creating momentum not just for us, but really for all players in the surgical marketplace. So a good market that we're in. We've not lost our focus which is key and we continue to deliver technologies that our patients and customers need.
Bryan Hanson: There's been a number of changes if I think about just broadly how we think about our strategy. But specifically to robotics we're continuing down the path that we were on previous to the acquisition and we're going to continue that path as part of Medtronic. And you spoke a little about some competitors out there that are focusing in the areas as well. I actually like to see that because we are making significant investments in this area, it gives me confidence that robotics is here to stay, the embodiment of what's that going to look like, and how it’s going to get traction, you know, still a question mark in my mind. But I do feel like it's here to stay. The way I look at it from a strategic standpoint is we as an organization are highly focused on optimizing surgical procedures around the world and I kind of look at it a as three legs of a stool from a surgical perspective. One is open surgical procedures because there's a whole heck of a lot of procedures that are still done open and they're done inefficiently. And we have advanced energy and stapling products that help the efficiency of those procedures and we're going to continue to invest there. The other leg of the stool is what I would define as traditional MIS. This is an area that I think we've done quite well and have shown our ability to lead the market and we're going to continue to invest from a therapy innovation standpoint on that leg of the stool. And we have been making significant investments in robotics and that will continue. Looking forward to the day that we actually enter the market with robotics and we're driving revenue and not just investment, but that will come. But to me, all three legs of the stool need to be in play for someone to be sustainably successful in the marketplace. In addition of to that, you've heard a little bit of talk about it today, that we would overlay our capabilities from a service perspective and bring OR managed services to the table, so that we can further optimize the efficiency of the operating room. And to me the combination of those three things I referenced from a therapy standpoint with services really will differentiate us in the space. But robotics is a piece of the puzzle, I guess is what I am saying, its not the whole puzzle.
Bryan Hanson: Well said. I mean, we're working through our own strategy and again some mindset shifts associated with our own strategy and we haven’t worked through that yet. As we do we'll get a better feel for the fit of these - of all aspects of what was legacy Covidien and make decisions based on that. One thing too, and not just from the perspective of MITG, but if you look at the broader hospital solutions opportunity and the services that we bring to bear we also have to look through that paradigm to make sure that the products that we have if they don't fit the MITG strategy still might fit the overall hospital solutions strategy. So lots to still work through, but clearly we're looking at it.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, again, I don't know that I have a whole lot to add to what you said. But it's clear to us, and we've got folks that are the in the operating room in the US every day, and the best litmus test for me on whether or not surgical procedures are up or when these guys go in the morning, look at the boards and see the number of procedures either during the week and on the weekends. And we're definitely seeing a heightened number of surgical procedures from every company that I've seen present - everyone's seeing that momentum in their organization. I would expect it to continue, though we've had it now three quarters. The question for me will be when it annualizes what does it look like at that point, but it is contributing so far for us and driving our mid single digit growth and I would expect it to continue.
