Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen. And we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Karen, I've asked Mike Coyle, President of our Cardiac and Vascular Group; Bryan Hanson, President of our Minimally Invasive Therapies Group; Geoff Martha, President of our Restorative Therapies Group and Hooman Hakami, President of our Diabetes Group, to join us. [Operator Instructions]. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan in our investor relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Okay why now well you know when you deal with their opportunistic elements which can come through so that was clearly one, the other is we really felt that we were in a position where we were getting critical mass around our expertise in heart failure and where HeartWare was positioned as a company we felt that we could add immediate value and through that combination drive up significant revenue not only in the first year but in the next couple of years through real sort of milestones that the company can meet such as reaching approval for destination therapy and then other new products so that was we felt a good timing for us. And besides you can't plan acquisitions to the month period, it depends on a variety of circumstances and things just fell into place. We felt we had the management bandwidth to do this the team was well-prepared, we had the right capabilities and we had additional synergies that we could add in many different ways. So we felt this was absolutely the right time. And in terms of the dilution that obviously comes along with an acquisition this size, there are offset to the cardiac and vascular group made that unless Mike is going to comment on the overall thing on that.
Omar Ishrak: I think maybe if I could just add to that your question about when to watch for inflection points, well listen like we've said before the Covidien synergies if we hit our $850 million projection that alone takes us through the double-digit EPS sort of projection. I mean by definition in FY '17 and mostly in FY '18. Now as we transition beyond that, we're like I mentioned in the Investor Day working on other efficiency programs in operations and in functions and many other areas which will then sustain that level. So those programs that we worked on right now but clearly the real results will prove themselves beyond FY '17.
Omar Ishrak: Well yes I mean if you have the deals up its something like that probably a little less than that but you know the main point though here is that the range that we projected really balances out issues that may arise, market issues and other issues that arise in our business. We feel confident that even organically that we will be in the mid-single-digit range and the whole range. And we feel that acquisitions give us increased confidence that we will hit that and probably in the higher end of that range I mean certainly this year with HeartWare we've got increased confidence for that. But that's the way in which we're looking at this. You know it's probably if you want to direct answer to your question is probably slightly under a point that the acquisitions are adding but things roll off other things come in, it's pretty dynamic picture and believe it or not there are some divestitures as well like the drug business and other things that grow out of our portfolio. So net-net it's probably a little less than a full point.
Omar Ishrak: Let me also add, look it's a pleasure to welcome Karen onto the team. She's made a great start and really -- if nothing else we value the fresh thinking and a fresh angle that is very useful for us as we go forward.
Omar Ishrak: Look you know the industry is very broad so to be specific about this stuff but just a few reflections on this. First of all, if you're in healthcare your entitlement is growth because the opportunities in healthcare are limitless. If you look at it both from a medical innovation perspectives, the number of problems that have to be solved that patients will value, that create a real difference in people's lives driving equity in healthcare around the world. The opportunities there are again limitless and we're just scratching the surface and then on top of that you know like we've talked about the challenge of addressing wastage in healthcare where we’re literally wasting across the world hundreds of billions of dollars in total healthcare spend which -- of which there's inefficiency in deliveries primarily because of payment models and so on around the world. So if you look at all that collectively, the fact that the healthcare industry is growing is really not a surprise in many ways. It's an entitlement that the healthcare industry should have. And I think the fact that there was momentum this last quarter and last couple of quarters I mean that's -- it's too tough to call on something with that short a timeline but I've every expectation that all stakeholders in healthcare if they get their heads around these opportunities will steady increase in the growth profile in healthcare I think that's our entitlement. I think that's the only real comment I can make. I think all the companies that you listed are good companies with innovation driving and creating new markets. We expect to be an equal player in many of those areas, but there are lots of people out there with great sense of purpose and inventiveness in driving the solution. So again I just put it in the perspective of overall healthcare this is not one that should ever be a down market if we as players and stakeholders in the healthcare market can get our heads around this.
Omar Ishrak: No, I think it's a former, it is a broad solution that is necessary and we feel that there is a lot of cost I mean the majority of cost in that overall episode is actually in the post-acute space and so we think we can make a considerable difference but let's not just put that in a single bucket because in overall process includes proper risk stratification of the patients and that risk stratification drives a very specific care pathway to which adherents must be made and then following that, a clear handoff to post-acute care in the most efficient manner possible and finally a clear measurement and accountability for the outcome of the patient. Those four things that I've just outlined are not things that today are look at holistically. And I think in each one of those areas there's considerable inefficiency and we believe that putting technology and using technology will not only create an inflection point, in the short term, but will actually create long term sustainability of savings in that process because as you improve outcomes, you improve your cohort selection and risk stratification. Your care pathways improve and then through all of that implants will play a role in terms of providing the most effective implant at the appropriate cost and when there is innovation in those areas we use them to drive up outcomes. So that’s the way we look at it but you have to start with the holistic view and implant is only a portion of that and that’s our view. Geoff, do you want to add anything to that quick
Omar Ishrak: Obviously it's always a very fluid discussion with FDA and I have been very impressed with the way they have adapted their views in the TAVR space to the quality of the clinical evidence and have been flexible in terms of timing on approvals in the space generally I think we saw that again with Edwards and we had approval and so this group I think is extremely effective at balancing the therapeutic benefit of products with their risk and trying to get good new therapies to the market as quickly as they can. So we will as you point out continued to basically look at one year and two year cuts on the data. There was a large number of patients that we have, we've obviously completed enrollment. As we have said we expect around ACC to be reviewing those data publicly and obviously we'll continue to work with the FDA and they will ultimately be the one to decide when the product is approved.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Thanks to all of you for your questions and in conclusion, let me just reiterate that we're focused and consistently delivering on our three commitments mid-single-digit constant currency revenue growth, double-digit constant currency EPS growth and returning a minimum of 50% of our adjusted free cash flow to our shareholders. And as I noted earlier we feel that the appropriate application of medical technology that can help address inefficiencies and improve outcomes in healthcare delivery driving new forms of value creation. With our differentiated growth platforms and leadership in the strong end markets we believe that we're well positioned to capture this to ultimately create a long term dependable value for our shareholders. With that and on behalf of our entire management team I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you in our progress on our Q2 call which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, November 22nd. Thank you all and have a great day.
Mike Coyle: Sure, Mike, obviously we had a number investments internally going on in R&D programs directed specifically at heart failure including diagnostic programs and services as well as enhancements to our CRT product lines and we basically are reallocating resources and people to support the activities within HeartWare and backing off on some of those because we actually think HeartWare return on investment will be even better.
Mike Coyle: As a relates to ICD or think probably the thing that is impacting the overall market is U.S. replacements and that we saw pretty stable low single-digit growth in initial implants for ICDs but we’re now getting to a point where year-over-year comparisons on frankly replacements are down and sort of the low double-digit kind of range which is obviously a function of what's patents to initial implants 5 to 8 years ago depending what you're talking about CRT to standardize CDs. So that's obviously putting some strain on the overall market growth. We actually took share in the ICD market as we continue to get the benefit of the MRI safe technologies rolling into not just the standard ICD's but also into CRT-D. And that's something that we think we can continue, we think we are very much in the front end of basically the mix shift toward use of MRI in standard high-powered and into CRT-D and we also obviously have a very robust set of new products that are just hitting the market and will be added to over the course of the next several quarters including the Visia AF and a single chamber segment as well as the Clary's [ph] CRT-D device which adds the effective CRT algorithm to our overall set of offerings. So we think -- obviously the market is going to provide a bit of a head wind because of the replacements but we think we’re in a good position to continue to take share and mitigate some of that. I was particularly encouraging to me that we could get to that mid single-digit growth when we’re seeing that kind of stress metrics in the ICD market but obviously we’re in a little bit of an off segment on our DES market as well and yet are able to still get into mid-single-digit growth so we think it speaks to the importance and value of the breadth of the portfolio.
Mike Coyle: So on MRI, we obviously think this should become standard of care and right now if you just look at the most mature products we have in that segment are in a dual chamber pacing area and there the mix is still in the U.S. which is the most developed market in the sense or still -- only 70% of our business is actually MRI safe and recognizing that we're just a little over half the pacing business that means that less than half of the patients we’re getting pacemakers in the United States that are getting MRI safe devices and as you go into the other product lines ICD's it's more like a 50% penetration rate for us when you get to CRT-D it's more like a 30% penetration rate for us or mix for us. So these penetration rates are very low and so we still think there's plenty of upside to go in those spaces, but as competitors catch up to this which still we have got it's only happening on the [indiscernible] side right now and is expected to take still several quarters into next year next calendar year before we see ICD competition CRT-D competition in those areas. We're continuing to advance the bulk. I mean obviously on the pacing side it's Micra right where we basically have an opportunity to significantly shift to very much value-added product in a single chamber segment as we get our reimbursement in place for that which is going to happen before the end of the fiscal year. In the standard ICD segment for single chamber the addition of Visia AF is being very well received in the marketplace. It is the only single chamber device that could actually do monitoring of atrial fibrillation without having a lead. So it gives a very significant benefit beyond simply the MRI safe characteristics of the products. And then in the CRT-D side we're obviously adding significant therapeutic value with things like adaptive CRT and effective CRT which basically improve response rates in CRT and because our hardware platforms Amplia in particular are basically positioned to be able to do multi-point pacing. We're going to add multi-point pacing capability to that Amplia product with software downloads below the end of the fiscal year. So we continue to advance the offerings that we have beyond MRI as competitors catch up in MRI.
Mike Coyle: As it relates to intermediate risk we were certainly expecting these developments both in terms of [Technical Difficulty] Edwards approval in the United States. We reflected that in our estimates for the overall market which we showed at the analyst meeting. So I wouldn't necessarily change what we said at that time. Other than to say it's obviously good to see these developments tending to happen sooner rather than later in terms of regulatory organizations looking at these compelling data and basically making sure these technologies are available to patients in the intermediate risk group and so we look forward to obviously finishing the [indiscernible] study working with the FDA to get label indications for that in the United States and we think the growth profile will be overall [indiscernible] market which was very robust in Q1 is going to continue to be a very impressive driver of growth for us and for Medtec in general.
Mike Coyle: Sure. So on the field action we took obviously we monitor all the patients that are being treated with our products and in that particular case we saw some overlap between specific anatomic issues and an increase in vascular trauma. So it was in fact only about training that this field action was done, it was to improve sensitivity to those particular aspects when screening patients and making sure that care is taken in terms of the delivery of the device. I would point out that our instance of vascular injuries actually below what is in the TBT registry. So we have a low threshold for identifying these issues and what we think we can help improve outcomes we obviously take action to do it. So there was no change to the product, there were no issues with manufacturing, it basically was a training issue. On HeartWare obviously we're very bullish on the HVAC system as it is we think that device it performed very well, we were obviously able to see details of the clinical evidence that they generated in support of their U.S. approval in advance of making the decision to acquire the company and I think you’ve seen especially in their most recent quarterly earnings results that in Europe there is beginning to see after the initial trial a nice bounce back in terms of overall share which obviously is consistent with our view that this product with its smaller size and its performance characteristics should be able to compete very effectively in that space. We continue to look at the MVAD device and decide how aggressively we want to pursue that and we're working closely with the leadership team there, very impressed with the people who are doing that work and we look forward to being a leader in this space for decades to come.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks David. I don't comment specifically on consensus numbers but happy for any of you to follow up with Ryan to go through your models at any point in time. In terms of our confidence in delivering our long term bottom line EPS growth I think this company has a very strong ability and we're very confident in our ability to deliver our commitment. Not only do we have significant growth on the top line particularly from emerging markets as Omar noted, but we have been driving strong synergies from the Covidien acquisition and we're focused on delivering additional leverage of beyond the Covidien acquisition through significant focus on managing our cost efficiently and I feel we’re very confident in our ability to do just that.
Karen Parkhill: I'm thrilled to be a part of this great team. Medtronic is an amazing company with a very strong mission that clearly spoke to me personally. I think we're a leader in the industry from a vision perspective and I'm excited to be at a company that is leading not just, not just the medical device industry but the healthcare industry in general and I'm thrilled to be at a team where we're focused on growth and efficiency. In terms specifically of the operating margin as you know our focus is to drive a stronger growth in our bottom line and we have in our top line and the only way you do that is through efficiency in our margins. We're very focused on that we talked about driving the Covidien synergies through to completion and ultimately achieving the $850 million commitment that we have put out there. And then on top of that, as we said we're focused on driving efficiencies throughout the company looking at all of our processing, bringing in lean Six Sigma to make us better and more efficient, centralizing resources where we can and ultimately driving double-digit bottom-line growth which is much stronger than a very impressive mid-single-digit top line growth.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. I'm happy to talk about those. I'm excited to step into the very big shoes of Gary and I intend to steer the ship very much in the same direction that he has. I do come from a financial industry background most recently though I've had experience in many industries within financial services obviously one of the key things that we had been doing in an ultra-low rate environment was focused on efficiency and driving strong bottom-line. And so that's exactly what we'll be doing here. In terms of capital deployment, I think the highest and best use of our capital is to grow the intrinsic value of the company through reinvestment first and foremost, but beyond that I think it's very important to have a dividend that is strong and that does steadily grow with earnings and then on top of that, where we can have meaningful pay back to our shareholders through share repurchase and that's exactly what we're doing with our commitment to deliver a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of share repurchase. In addition to the ability of us on trapping more cash we have an additional $5 billion commitment over a three-year period from FY '16 to FY '18. So obviously I firmly believe in all that we're doing with the company and hope that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes on net other expense we did mention the fact that our medical device tax does flow through that line item and obviously that was down year-over-year about $55 million. We did have currency gains that run through that line item as well. Those were down year-over-year too. In terms of our tax rate we did have several discrete tax benefits in the quarter that did push our overall tax rate down to 15.7% for the year. We do still do expect our tax rate to be within the range that we talked about before of 16.5% to 17.5%.
Karen Parkhill: In terms of first quarter versus second quarter yes our first quarter we did come in at the high end of that 12% to 16% growth range and we did give guidance that we expect second quarter to be at the low end of that 12% to 16% range. The key reason is the tax rate. We expect our tax rate from the second quarter last year to second quarter this year to be about 50 basis points higher. In terms of revenue growth rate, obviously we do expect our second quarter to be in the same line as our overall annual growth rate of 5% to 6%. Clearly we've got the HeartWare acquisition closing that gives us confidence around that range.
