Gary L. Ellis: Yes, well, overall, in the 2% to 4% assumption we have there, basically, it depends on where you're at in the range. If you're at the higher end of the range, obviously, you would assume a slight growth in the U.S. If you're at the lower end, you're probably assuming that the U.S. is more flat at that point. So low single digits at best for the U.S. Europe, we're assuming basically more kind of what they did during the current year, which is more in the mid-single digits. And obviously, within Europe, that will vary by country. A lot of the Northern European countries are still doing very well, Germany, et cetera. Obviously, some of the Southern European countries, we’re a little bit more cautious about, and that's why we're giving guidance more in the middle -- mid-single digits.
Gary L. Ellis: Let me kind of respond, and Omar might have a comment too. But overall, the -- we have strong IP around Ardian and even some things that we have been doing ourselves. We have strong IP ourselves, plus what we've got with Ardian, both in the U.S. and international. So you should -- we do not -- we won't -- we'll address that as we go forward as far as what other people are launching, but we do have strong IP in both the U.S. and outside the U.S.
Gary L. Ellis: That's correct, Mike. I mean, we saw 2 things. Obviously, as we were going through the quarter, we saw the uplift occurring very strongly in some of the new product launches. But at the same time, we clarified the sale leaseback strategy and saw that we were going to have more of a benefit on the tax line, gave us an opportunity to invest a little bit sooner than what we had initially thought. And so that's -- that was the plan mid-quarter once we knew that the sale leaseback transaction was going to occur.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, let me -- just first of all, on the gross margin line as far as the impact from Physio-Control, you're right. Physio-Control had a lower gross margin in general than the rest of the corporation, and so that has been pulled out. And you see even on the results now, where all the years have been restated to include Physio-Control out, so there is a slight positive having Physio come out of the numbers because it's a bit of a lower margin. So -- but overall, we still believe we'll maintain those gross margins even, for example, Q4 here, the 75.9 is still comparable with that FX adjustment versus what we had in Q3 with Physio-Control pulled out. So I mean, the reality is they are comparable. But you are correct, Mike, in that with Physio pulled out, it gives us a slight upward pressure on the margin. On the other hand, some of the things that we've been doing thus far is adding some of the newer products, for example, on Surgical Tech and some of those products grow as that business grows. Those are a little bit lower, below the overall corporation's gross margin. So there's a mix benefit that we're having to deal with as we go forward, but physio did have a benefit on the item -- on the gross margin, excuse me, as far as getting rid of that business. And the other question was INFUSE. On INFUSE, as far as what our assumptions are, what we have assumed is, obviously, that until the Yale results come out that we're going to probably -- until we anniversary really the INFUSE against when it started to fall, we are going to continue to see the financial results of that business being down. The good news is we did see -- as we indicated in our comments, we did see it sequentially kind of flat as far as the absolute number, Q4 versus Q3. But I think it's fair to say, INFUSE will continue to be a drag and a headwind for us, and until we see what the results of the Yale study are. And so right now, it is -- it will continue to be a drag for, at least, the next several months, couple of quarters, until we get the Yale results, and then we'll have to assess after that what the potential impact will be.
Gary L. Ellis: All right. I think there was 3 questions there, but I'll try to get through all of them quickly here. As far as extra day, easy answer there is no. We have same day -- number of days as the prior year. With respect to Ardian and our SYMPLICITY product line, yes, we-- there are a lot of people, obviously, trying to enter this market. We have been in the market. We feel good about where we're at with our product line. I think it's fair to say you should assume that, that's not our -- going to be our only generation. We are looking for enhancements to the product as we go forward, too, and especially with our catheter-based technology and our -- overall, we feel very, very strong about that. Mike will go in more detail next week at the Investor Conference and walk you through kind of exactly what's happening with that business, but the reality is we feel very good about our competitive position. But we've said all along, we knew there would be competition trying to come into this market place that highlights the strength of the potential benefit in this market and the industry in general. And the reality is, as we try to get reimbursement set up, having a few more competitors, helping us with that burden is not necessarily a bad thing. But we feel good about our competitive position and our IP position as we go forward, and we feel very good about our technology. With transcatheter valves, I'm not the one to get real specific about what's happening with the technology part. All I can -- on the pacing issue, we are continuing to focus on that. The focus on the pacing issue that's been out there, the reality is it hasn't impacted anything in the marketplace. We continue to take share in the marketplace, and we continue to work to improve that to have an effect -- minimize that effect if we can as we go forward, which we think we can do. On the other hand, it clearly has not impacted the product line in the marketplace at this point in time, and we feel good about the technology with our transcatheter valve technology.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, let me take a shot at that. This is Gary, and then Omar can maybe add some comments as he gets into it all -- overall also, as you indicated. By the way, I want to clarify one point that I did have in the commentary related to the guidance. I mentioned the foreign exchange impact were up by '13, and I said $330 million to $337 million. That should have been $330 million to $370 million. So I just wanted to clarify that, Bob. It wasn't one of your questions, but I'll throw it in here. With respect to your question about the guidance on the 2% to 4% and what our assumptions are, that -- as we indicated in our comments, that assumes overall that the market kind of grows in that low single digit, kind of 2% to 3% range in general for all of our product lines. That's a little bit faster, slightly faster than what we saw in the current year, and that primarily reflects the fact that we would expect to see some improvement, as we’ve indicated, in the U.S. ICD market as we've seen that stabilizing. Overall, again, obviously, our Q4 results were very strong. And if that trends would continue, we would probably at the higher end of that 2% to 4% even revenue guidance that we've provided. Our point is what we're trying to do on the guidance is just highlight the fact that, as you indicated, we did see some volatility in these markets in the last year. And until we see more stabilization and a continued stabilization really in the ICD and Spine markets, we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves in the guidance, but basically, this assumes -- this guidance right now would assume that overall, the spine markets, for example, would continue to be down slightly, and we'd be down low- to mid-single digits. That's including INFUSE, obviously, in there, and that our ICDs, again, the market is flat to slightly down, and we'd be the same way, flat to slightly down in -- on the ICDs.
Gary L. Ellis: Kristen, this Gary. I mean, no, I mean, we'll obviously talk about our -- we're giving guidance for FY '13, and we'll walk through that again. I mean, we'll get into some of the things as far as where we think some of the markets are going and what we believe that long-term we could see in some of these objectives and even aspirationally what we'd all like to see as far as when these markets return back. But we're not going to get into long-term guidance right now. I mean, these markets are just too volatile. It's hard to predict even kind of a year out, let alone to give more guidance past that.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. I mean, right now, we would say 75.5% to 76% on the gross margin, which is kind of consistent with where we're at in the current year, and we expect to be able to maintain that. And based on where we're currently at, I -- we're probably right in that range still. Obviously, based on the foreign exchange, where the foreign exchange rates would be at, we'd probably be towards the lower end of that range just as we saw this quarter, where we were at more 75.6% because of the negative FX impact aspect of it. If FX currency would happen to turn around and go a little bit more the other way, you could be at the higher end of the range. So it's really more within that range. It's consistent. It just depends on what -- whether you're at the higher or the lower end depends on what happens with the FX rates.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. As we’ve said over -- as we go forward, obviously, first of all, these rules are still getting developed, and so the regulations are not final yet. And even where you actually account for this is not final. There's been a lot of debate back-and-forth between SG&A and other expense. Right now, our assumption is other expense and -- but we'll have to firm that up as we obviously work with this with our -- with the accountants and everybody else. We're obviously the first ones who will be having it, and so that's where we'll have to make sure we get that resolved as we go forward. As we've indicated previously, the overall impact for a full year, we still estimate -- and there's still a big range on this because it is still not clear exactly what is in and out on the revenue side of the equation. But we're expecting a 12-month impact of about $120 million to $150 million, somewhere in that range. So for 4 months, which is what we’ll be covered with for the current -- for FY '13, we have about $40 million to $50 million assumed in our guidance related to FY '13. And as you indicated, it's in that other income and expense line item.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, overall, I'll just -- as far as the pricing assumptions overall, we're assuming that for FY '13 and as we go forward, the pricing pressure remains somewhat consistent with what we saw, obviously, in FY '12. That will vary by business as we go forward. For example, we have seen some stabilization even, for example, in drug-eluting stent pricing in the U.S. And so maybe that's not going to be quite as extreme as it was in FY '12. On the other hand, you could see continued pressure in other product lines. So our assumption, as we do this, is that you -- again across all of our business, you were probably kind of seeing that in the range of 2% to 3%. But as you know, it varies dramatically between businesses, whether it's drug-eluting stents to obviously some product lines continuing to see price uplifts. And new technology, obviously, gets price uplifts as we continue to see that. So we're assuming it's somewhat consistent with FY '12, not dramatically different than that in that it would continue. And then as a result of that, we do believe that our $1 billion -- over $1 billion cost-out program, going forward, will allow us to continue to maintain kind of the gross margins of where we've been at. Now you should -- I want to make it clear, that's kind of what we're committing to right now on the $1 billion. We're trying to drive that for even more to give us more flexibility, such that if there was even more pricing pressure, or as Omar has mentioned many times, as we go down into -- as we go focus on even going in the value segment, it gives us the opportunity to even tier our products such that we could have different pricing points as we move forward. So the cost-out program is -- the 25%, we feel very good about being able to achieve that. But we are trying to work this to try to be driving them more than that to give us even more flexibility and potentially offsetting any risks that there might even be more pricing pressure than what we've seen in the current year. But right now, our assumption is that it continues, that we will continue to have pricing pressure. But back to what we've seen historically, we've been able to offset that over the last 5 years, and we believe confidently we can continue to do that.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. I mean, as we indicated in our comments, the reality is, actually, we saw even continued hospital inventory declines. And actually, the bulk purchases are at -- probably at the lowest level we've seen in 3 years overall. So they're actually even lower than what we saw last quarter -- excuse me, last year during this period of time. So that trend continues. I think that's what even our competitors have been indicating that we are seeing hospitals cutting back a little bit more on their inventory levels. And we've seen that over the last several quarters and as you indicated, even last year, we saw it. So that's our point as we highlight this. Even if you take that in consideration, the reality is we thought that we were happy to see the stabilization in the marketplace overall for ICDs, but to take into consideration the fact that, that was going on between ourselves and the competitors. And the fact is the implant rates are even stronger than what the actual results of ourselves -- the entire industry would show.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, as you imagine, in CRT-D, there's obviously some trialing of a competitor product going on, and so that's clearly had some impact, and we saw a little bit of share their lost. Now that being said, we feel pretty confident that, that -- after that trialing is over, we will get back to more of a normal CRT-D. In fact, in Europe, where we -- obviously, the product’s been in the marketplace for 2 years, we have the same unit share in CRT-D as we had prior to the competitive launch. So I mean, we feel confident. Yes, there's some trialing, and that has had some slight impact on -- in the CRT-D market or segment of the market. But then on the ICD side, we are obviously picking up share based on the strength of our product line and where we're at with some of its benefits. So net-net, overall, our market share has been basically relatively flat, and that's in spite of some of the trialing that's going on with the competitive product.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, again, we're not going to get into what's going on with competitive product issues. We have, as we indicated in our comments, because the ICDs, we're seeing an increase in replacement on our share. Our replacement units are up, and we are seeing slight increases in our lead ratios as we look at those. So net-net, there's some impact probably in our business. But it's still to be managed through. Obviously, as I had indicated, we're losing a little bit share on the trialing of one product, but we're gaining share in other areas. I'm not going to speculate on how much of that is related to any one item.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, overall, we -- again, the guidance we gave on the 2% to 4% assumes, obviously, we're going to continue to achieve leverage in the SG&A, because that was also in our guidance. So we're assuming we can do both, that we can continue to grow in that range and still achieve leverage on the SG&A. As far as what happened in the quarter here, again, a lot of what we saw was just on the strength of what was occurring already in the revenue. As you can assume, several of the businesses, Coronary, Structural -- excuse me, Surgical Technologies, as we mentioned in the comments, were having very, very strong quarters. Once you have -- you get above kind of your -- the quotas, et cetera, it becomes -- the incentives become very, very high, and they were resuming some very nice commissions and incentive payouts as a result of that performance overall. So that's higher than you would expect. At the same time, because of the benefit we saw on the tax line, as Omar mentioned in his comments and I said the same thing, is we did move some spending forward that we would -- we hired some sales reps that we were expecting to hire in FY '13 anyhow. We got started on some marketing programs with renal denervation. We accelerated some things in emerging markets that were going to occur in FY '13 and would've been in the expense structure that was in my guidance originally. So you shouldn't assume that -- and some of these items, obviously, in the quarter were also more one-time in nature just because of the strong revenue that was in some of the various businesses that won't be there once you have that in the quotas for next year. So net-net, we still feel very confident that even with the spending we saw here in the quarter that we can manage and can achieve the leverage we have for next year, and that should allow us to continue to grow the business, again, based on the 2% to 4% revenue growth.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes, well, as we've indicated, and we've been very clear about this overall, our U.S.-OUS cash split, I mean, we generated again about $4 billion of free cash flow in FY '12. Again, 60% to 65% of that is being generated outside of the United States, with 35% to 40% in the U.S. And so when we are returning 50% back to shareholders, by its very nature, which has to come from the U.S. cash piece, that does require us then at this point in time to, obviously, continue to have the debt levels slightly going up in the U.S. while cash builds outside of the United States. So our net cash position improves, but the reality is we are taking on more debt in the U.S. Now it's relatively low levels. The difference I'm talking about here is about $500 million to $600 million per year, which is well within our financial capability to handle. But as we've talked about, we're taking major efforts across our organization to try to say, "How do we get that back more in line? How do we get back to a better split between the U.S. and OUS cash flow generation? And that includes a lot of initiatives underway to improve our working capital, especially inventory and capital expenditures. We have several initiatives underway across the company to drive that down, which should help drive the initiative. And as we talk through some of the comments and Omar's comments, we are focusing on shifting expenses to outside the United States where we can use that OUS cash. And so we are, in Spine, for example, we are doing R&D and manufacturing in other locations. We are shifting some of our marketing expenses even on the restructuring charges we talked about earlier. Some of what's going on here is we're shifting resources from the U.S. market to the markets that are growing. And so you are going to see a natural shift of some of those expenses outside the United States that will also help the issue. But currently, it is clearly -- creates a situation where we're having to borrow somewhat to continue our 50% commitment.
Gary L. Ellis: Okay. Well, with respect to Resolute Integrity and the strength there, obviously, we were very, very pleased with the launch and whenever you can double your share in effect in basically less than a couple of months, and right now, we are still probably only in probably 50% of the accounts that we'd like to be at this point in time. So it's still expanding quite dramatically as we go forward. So there is always -- with any product launch, there will be some who will trial it and might go back to other product lines. But the point you have to remember is this product line has performed well outside the United States. And we've seen people, obviously, try it and stay with it. And it's one of the leading products out -- has one of the leading shares outside the United States where it's been launched. And so as we've indicated before, we have every expectation that this product line, which is very, very competitive, it has on deliverability and, as we indicated, the diabetes indication, several things that are in its favor that it will also continue to be a well-accepted stent in the U.S. marketplace. And as we indicated, actually, the share came very quick, but we're not stopping there either. We believe that we still have opportunities with respect to this, and we think it's a very competitive product and will be one of the leading market share products in the U.S. as we go forward too.
Gary L. Ellis: And then your second part of the question related to, in effect, I'm assuming you're talking about Cameron Health product line that's out there, and Mike will also talk a little bit -- can talk about that more at the Analyst Meeting in more detail. But we really do see that it's kind of a niche kind of a product line that -- this is obviously the first-generation product that's coming forward. And there's a lot of other features that are in the current ICDs as far as PainFREE termination and pacing are kind of a standard part of it, and why you would want to give up on that, we have a question mark on that. But we're watching the market. We'll see how it plays out. But right now, we think it's more of a niche market.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think the only thing that I'll add is just to reinforce that we're investing heavily and are committed to keep our leadership in both our technology, as well as in clinical trials and increasing the number of indications.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think the main thing that we're looking to here to the Yale studies is that the levels of uncertainty before that are somewhat greater. And we hope the Yale study will clarify things factually and will, at least, make things more certain and predictable.
Omar S. Ishrak: Yes. Regarding the Investor Meeting, we're pulling together a pretty good meeting for you. Some things will be the same, as you've experienced before, in the sense that we’ll give you a pretty good walk-through of our product pipeline and technologies, and Mike and Chris will go through that in a fair amount of depth. But in addition, we will also be discussing with you how we are repositioning the company to participate in the changing environment and particularly around how do we translate our focus in economic value to real programs, to real decisions and eventually sustainable growth and why that's so important. The other thing we’ll give you details of is, obviously, our globalization strategy and we're really excited about that, and we want to share with you, again, details around that. So that will be the net mix of it and, overall, details around our strategic changes, as well as depth in our product pipeline.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think, absolutely, there's an opportunity for that. I mean, I think if we go aggressively after emerging markets in creating that value segment, that automatically positions us to create products at a lower tier. And we intend to -- as we look at the U.S. and the developed markets, as we see opportunities, especially where there's heavy pricing pressure and the feature sets are not being used and people aren't paying the price for those, we will go into our resources and product lines and the value segment and introduce them in the U.S. and developed markets. But at the same time, we will differentiate them adequately so that the price of our higher-tier products and the value that they generate remain, and -- but we think that as the pressures on cost savings in the developed world and the healthcare systems increase, there will be room for different tiered service lines. And if we can execute well in our global strategy for value segments, this will give us a significant advantage in developed markets.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think if I can just add a few words to that. I think we're only getting started in leveraging our CVG sales force, and we're getting traction from that already, and we expect that to accelerate as we go into accounts with our full value proposition of all our products. We think we've got significant growth ahead of us with that, and Mike will share that with you -- that strategy with you in greater detail at the Investors Conference next week.
Omar S. Ishrak: No, I think you're right. I think our strategy is to execute and to gradually increase our growth levels, but we'll take that a step at a time. We intend to align our strategies with the market realities, and that takes a little time. And when we've completely aligned them, we feel we can get sustained growth because there's growth available in healthcare. And an example of that process is exactly what you mentioned in our globalization effort, where we find that there’s short-term growth available, simply by investing in market creation of existing products, which have high penetration rates in developed markets and have very low penetration rates amongst the affordable population of emerging markets. And by investing in addressing those barriers, we think we can get quick grow, and we're already beginning to see that in emerging markets. And longer-term, we use our cost reduction strategies in our products to create a value-tiered segments, which increases our penetration levels in emerging markets. And at the same time, as was pointed out earlier, we can leverage that capability to come back to developed markets and address the cost issues that are going to emerge in developed markets, and those pressures will increase. So what you'll see from us is a gradual realignment of our business in a step-by-step basis because a lot of things that we do today are of value. We have a product pipeline that's very exciting, and we think we can win in that space. And at the same time, we adjust our overall strategies to adjust to the new market realities that are happening, and we have to understand those, participate in those and lead those changes, and that's the way in which we'll grow and win in the future. Okay, well, thank you very much for your questions. And before I end today's call, I would like to remind you that we will host our Investor Conference next week on June 1 in New York. We look forward to discussing the progress we're making at the company to position ourselves to win like we just mentioned. And with that and on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic.
