Omar Ishrak: Good. Thank you, Mike. And let’s open the phone lines now for Q&A. In addition to Karen and Mike, I have asked Mike Coyle who is President of CVG, Bob White, President of MITG, Geoff Martha, President of RTG and Hooman Hakami, President of our Diabetes Group to join us.  We want try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to only one question and if necessary a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call. And with that, operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Well, thanks a lot. Like I mentioned earlier, the story in our emerging markets is our diversification and our presence in multiple geographies. While China is still the largest, we have significant presence in the Middle East and Africa and Latin America. And in the fourth quarter, all of these geographies grew in the mid – sort of in the mid-teens. And so, that helped a lot in the fourth quarter performance. Going forward, we certainly expect double-digit growth in the emerging markets. I’d say in the low double-digits, that’s what we’ve been performing consistently over time. There was certainly no one-time swing here in the fourth quarter. I think the diversification is playing out well for us with at least three big sort of geographic collection of countries that are well diversified amongst themselves. So that’s what gives us a confidence that we can continue to do this and above all the biggest confidence that we have is that we’ve been delivering this for the past five years. So there is nothing other than better performance to expect going forward as our strategy start to play out. 
Omar Ishrak: Well, I can assure you that technology and innovation will still be at the top of the agenda. That’s what we are most excited about. That’s what fuels this company. And we have got many – our pipeline is fuller than it’s ever been and we are extremely excited about it and we’ll be – and really looking forward to sharing all of that with you at Investor Day. But equally, we are laying out an enterprise excellence program and our focus in operating margins, our focus on cash flow are elements that are serious and I expect that will come through at Analyst Day. So, again, there is going to be no drop-offs in our excitement here on technology and if anything is increased, and you will see exciting examples from all our groups. But I do want to emphasize that the operating margin focus and our cash flow conversion focus is driven by our enterprise excellence program will be clear as well. 
Omar Ishrak: Thanks. I’ll just name a few and as you mentioned, we will go through our overall pipeline in greater depth. The Pain business, this turnaround in Pain is very significant and we are extremely excited about what we are seeing and we are seeing that with the Intellis product, our Evolve workflow in our snapshot reporting. I think it’s a unique element in that industry and it’s a massive turnaround as recently as in the first half of this year and something we are getting a lot of traction. So I think, continued momentum in Pain is something that we will definitely see. Diabetes is the other one. I mean, we are just starting there to get the full benefit of the 670G in the U.S. and we are extremely excited about what we see. But equally, we’ve got penetration of the 670G into global markets. On the back of the 640G which is already very successful. And then the Guardian Connect is a whole big opportunity which I mentioned was also is a big area for us. I think in CVG, you heard Mike talk about it. But there is many areas here. One that, I don’t know the exact contribution to growth, but I am extremely excited about its further evolution of the Micra product, which is a revolutionary product for us and one that we are extremely proud about. And the consistent growth that we’ve seen in surgical technologies within MITG will continue. We have a rich pipeline of products and they come out regularly and that will be sustained into next years. So, we expect an exciting year, full of new products, which will continue to fuel our growth. 
Omar Ishrak: Emerging markets are in the double-digits and I think that’s the way you should model it. I think we’ve got confidence in that and then the remainder is the developed markets. So, I think if you build the model out from that, that’s the basis you do it. So, we are pretty confident on the double-digit emerging market as a baseline and then the swing will be in developed markets which is usually driven by innovation cycles. 
Omar Ishrak: Well, first of all, look for Medtronic Spine, I am pleased with our performance against the softer market that you mentioned. We grew our Spine business as reported 1%. And then when you combine that with our enabling technologies, which like – things like, Spine Navigation, and Robotics, we grew closer to 3%. So, we believe this is definitely outpacing the competition. Now, regarding softer market, I mean, look, what we are seeing is that, historically, the procedure growth has outpaced the pricing pressure for maybe a net 2% - 3% global market growth. But in the last couple quarters, that procedure growth has softened and it has not outpaced the price declines, the price pressures. So, you are seeing more of a flat to slightly down market. That’s why I am pretty excited about our performance and that’s been driven by the Spine and the Core Spine and biologics piece is in the high-single-digit growth and BMP and our lateral approach called OLIF, strong double-digit growth with our PRESTIGE LP Cervical Discs, and then, we’ve got a number of new product launches that are just starting to take hold, our SOLERA VOYAGER 5.5/6.0 system, ARTiC-L 3D printed titanium cage, and then, coming up here shortly, we’ve got an INFINITY posterior cervical system coming to market. So that's the whole speed to scale strategy of our Core Spine business. And then on top of that, our Navigation, Robotics, power tools, nerve monitoring, all that together, in its further integrating that, and helping physicians to use these tools to improve both clinical and economic outcomes. We believe that combined with our Spine business is going to be growing 3% plus going forward. And the final thing I would say that’s helping our Spine business maybe versus some others as our global exposure. In China for example, which is a big business for us, our Spine business growing 8%. So our OUS growth is stronger than our U.S. growth and pulling up the business. So, those three things continued speed to scale of our product launches within Core Spine, enabling technology and improving clinical and economic outcomes and really differentiating us and helping our core spine business. And then, finally, the mix of OUS growth, particularly in our emerging markets. Those three things will help us grow faster than the market in terms of predicting the market, it’s that hard to do. We think – we don’t think it’s going to get much weaker. We do think maybe a slight uptick, but it’s very hard to predict that. 
Omar Ishrak: Okay, so with that, thank you all very much for your questions. And on behalf of the entire management team I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to discussing our long range plan with you at our Investor Day, a week-and-a-half from now on Tuesday, June the 5th and we also plan on holding our next earnings call, the Q1 earnings call, Tuesday, August the 21st. So, thank you all very much. 
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thank you for the question, Bob. We were pleased with the operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter of 80 basis points. Keep in mind that that was driven through Covidien synergies that we are now benefiting from, as well as the company-wide focus on expense leverage and it was delivered mostly through improvement note at a 150 basis point improvement in our SG&A. But going forward, we do expect to continue to drive operating margin improvement, we have a company-wide program around Enterprise Excellence, which is intended specifically to drive margin improvement and also to help us offset pricing headwinds and continue to reinvest in our company. That Enterprise Excellence program is well structured, well underway and we are confident in our ability going forward to continue to drive this margin expansion. We’ll talk more about it at Investor Day as well. 
Karen Parkhill: So, I would remind everyone that our first quarter comes off the heel typically of a very strong end to our fiscal year and the first quarter is typically not our most robust growth quarter. The second quarter will be the quarter next year that comes off very low comparisons, much more so than the first quarter. So we are confident in the guidance that we’ve given for the first quarter consistent with our annual guidance of 4% to 4.5%. But I would remind folks that both for CVG and MITG in the first quarter, we do expect both businesses to be on the minus side of that 4% with MITG having difficult year-over-year comparison from endo stapling and [capital] [ph] sales and CVG seeing the anniversary of some major product launches last year. 
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question, David. On free cash flow for FY 2019, we said that we expect it to be between 4.7 and 5.1. We have improved our conversion ratio and honestly we expect to improve that conversion ratio going forward specifically over the next couple of years. In terms of things that impact cash on cash from operations, we expect that to grow in line with earnings, on CapEx, we expect CapEx to be roughly flat year-over-year. We intend to spend a little over $1 billion in CapEx like we did this year. And we will have certain other payments related to our restructuring program, some continued legal payments. But we do expect tax specifically when you include the $1.1 billion payment related to the Puerto Rico litigation to decline meaningfully. We will still have that potential $400 million payment to Puerto Rico, it’s unclear whether or not that payment will need to be made in fiscal 2019. It will be dependent on the outcome of the litigation. But, we will have that as well. 
Karen Parkhill: So, on EPS, we are assuming this is organic. We obviously don’t assume that we make any acquisitions or divestitures. On tax, I did say that we expect 14% to 15% tax rate for the year and on our debt, we expect that to remain relatively stable now that we have completed the debt paydown that we have talked about. In terms of return to shareholders, we did announce recently that we expect to repurchase $1.2 billion in shares throughout the year. That was commensurate with us talking about some debt tendering that we were doing. In terms of a normal cash conversion, keep in mind that our Medtech industry is typically around the 80% conversion rate and we expect to be improving to that range over the next couple of years. We are very focused on it and we expect particularly some of the one-time charges that we’ve had over the past will be diminishing. 
Karen Parkhill: Right. So on interest expense, obviously, interest expense – the interest rates have been increasing. So we will have a modest impact from that on an interest expense perspective. On an interest income perspective, I did mentioned that, we are focused on continuing to liquidate our overseas portfolio and as we do that we will have interest income coming down a little bit. 
Karen Parkhill: Sure, so, when we gave our enterprise excellence, when we announced our enterprise excellence program and talked about the over $3 billion in savings and leverage that that would deliver through 2022, we also said that we expected over $500 million to $700 million impact or positive savings in leverage annually each year. That is now embedded into our forecast. So that program is designed to offset pricing pressure which we expect continued pricing pressure. It is also intended to help ensure that we can continue to reinvest, particularly in R&D and it is intended to drive operating margin improvement and expansion. And for next year, I mentioned, we expect operating margin expansion of about 50 basis points pro forma constant currency. 
Karen Parkhill: And on operating margin, yes, I did mention we had some mark-to-market losses in the quarter. They were primarily related to the warrants that we own on Muzor and yes, we are planning to shift mark-to-market gains and losses going forward into non-GAAP reporting. 
Karen Parkhill: No, at this stage, we – the liquidation of these assets probably will take some time. So we are not necessarily anticipating any large change in capital allocation other than what we’ve already communicated.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, sure. Sure, Robbie. Obviously, Intellis is off to a strong start for a couple of reasons. One, the device itself, I mean, it’s much, much smaller than the competition. It’s a much faster, three or four times faster recharged, very little battery saved over time, MR compatible, et cetera. And so, just a real compelling differences there. And in addition, our Evolve Workflow which really drives the outcome has been, I believe underappreciated. And these two things taken together get us back in the game. Regarding Evolve, we are still building credibility as we produce more robust data over time. We just launched our Vector trial which is our prospective clinical trial testing multiple aspects of Evolve. We are thinking enrollments underway and on schedule and we anticipate the first release of this data at NANS in January of 2019. In addition, we published some other data from, we call the Verdolin data from Dr. Verdolin. We’ve presented that recently at two scientific meetings and we got really strong results. So this is an independent physician study nearing real world outcomes and we had 83% of the 114 patients, 114 patients had 75% pain reduction. So this is really good result. So after three months, we saw similar results. So, we are seeing really strong data from Evolve and that’s going to continue to build over the course of the year and I think help us access a whole new group of physicians and patients. So, we are – as Omar indicated, we are really excited about the Pain Stim business and the strong market growth and how we are positioned within it. 
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, sure. Look, it’s clearly off to a strong start. I’ve cautioned you to not extrapolate continued further growth in terms of market share until some of this data comes out. The data that I mentioned a few minutes ago is going to take some time and that will – I think drive incremental growth, but we do think it will maintain. This is a sustainable growth driver, but in terms of acceleration, we really, I think need to provide more data in order to accelerate that growth rate. But it is not kind of a one-time blip. We do think this is going to sustain. 
Geoffrey Martha: Well, that’s been our position in our data is proving that out that we believe that patients benefit over time from the optionality between high dose and low dose energy. And we are going to continue to do more and that’s really the heart of Evolve Workflow. Right, so, one, make it simple, one having the flexibility to between high dose and low dose, we think over time, produces the best outcomes. However, you need to provide physicians with a recipe for doing that. So they can get consistent outcome and mitigate complex patient follow-up and that’s our Evolve Workflow and we are very confident in that. Not just internally, but you are seeing external confidence building, I mentioned the Verdolin data that we just talked about in the couple of scientific conferences recently and that our Vectors trial, that we will be – announcing the data on that in NANS 2019. 
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, Bruce, we are prepared to show the data, but we are absolutely doing that analysis as the basis for an approval for bicuspid. And obviously, the rich dataset of TVT is going to provide us the basis for being able to see what the effect is. But we are very optimistic about that analysis being supportive of seeing similar outcomes to what we see in the intermediate risk and higher risk groups.
