Omar Ishrak: I think let’s go through this group by group, I think they’re almost all product driven on a basis of emerging market growth that continues to grow in the double digits and we’re seeing that pretty consistently. And non-U.S. developed market growth in around 5% or so that we've been delivering. So if you take the U.S. which is really the recipient of most of our new products, CVG has the most exciting portfolio here with the CoreValve Evolut PRO currently launching in the U.S. and Europe to be a risk indication for TAVR. The HVAD destination therapy, as well as the Micra leadless pacemaker I think these are the key drivers for accelerated growth in CVG like we mentioned earlier and we are pretty confident given the momentum that we've seen in the just concluded quarter that this will continue. Now in the other groups too we’re seeing continued improvement and you’ll see a tick-up in growth in all of them and you mentioned diabetes yourself but in addition in MITG we have many product launches in FY 2018 including our Signia powered stapler and reinforced reloads instruments. And in RTG our enabling technologies are really taking hold, we had good traction with our capital equipment in Q2 and we expect that to continue. We think specifically the StealthStation S8 which brings an advanced solution to neurosurgeons we'll have this quite a bit in the upcoming quarters. So, as you can see Mike this confidence in our growth is really driven by an acceleration of our innovation pipeline and we feel pretty good about it.
Omar Ishrak: Let me start with emerging markets Bob. You know look, the growth in emerging markets continues and we are delivering in that diversified position across the major markets of China, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. You know these are big markets where we've got significant positions and are fairly well diversified. Given that backdrop we see ourselves going in the double-digit, say in a sustained fashion in emerging markets powered by markets that are pretty robust. Now there may be variations from year-to-year in the different markets as we have experienced but we have also shown that those variations are manageable, they are not that big. They’re still close to that range. And China market is perhaps going to be at sometime in the future the biggest market in MedTech. And it is one that to we expect to participate and work with stakeholders there and are confident that we can continue our performance thereof delivering double-digit revenue growth. So emerging markets we are pretty confident about and feel very good about our position for sustained delivery. The U.S. on one side the overall markets outside of spine are the surgical volumes are basically the same, around 1% to 2% with small variations which we really don’t want to try to forecast at that precision level. And the spine market you just heard Geoff say has got some pressure in the U.S. for a variety of reasons probably, in the elective procedures may be being one of them. But more importantly the U.S. market in the end is driven by new product introductions and we have seen that and we are experiencing that right now. With our new product cycles, that drives the U.S. market and that's the most significant impact that we see. So that’s the way I see markets, I mean not that different from what you have seen before, a lot that we can influence ourselves by our own actions and that's what we focus on doing.
Omar Ishrak: Again on China look let's not forget the size of that market and access to healthcare for patients in China is a big priority for the government and a big priority for us. And we are working closely with the government to figure out the best way to optimize the distribution channels which has many factors as you noted, and now there may be certain price regulations but we're used to managing those and we feel the end that our ability to demonstrate value and our experience with value-based models will give us the right pricing in those markets, and the right trade-off between price and volume, as well as you know leading out the cost in the distribution channel working together with the government. So the many variables here in the end we feel pretty confident that we can maintain our performance in China through these dynamics which will change over time. It's a big market and a lot of work has to be done but through that we feel that we've got a team in place and products in place and a focus in place through which we can continuously deliver.
Omar Ishrak: First let me take the emerging markets, like I said we've demonstrated double-digit performance in the emerging markets almost on a quarterly basis now for - I don’t know five years. So we have every expectation that that will continue because our position in these markets is only strengthening and there is no question about the need, you know you just need to look at the math based on population and the market requirement of our therapies and the need is clearly there. And we’re working closely with different stakeholders - we continue to work closely with different stakeholders in these markets to create methods through which access is provided going beyond our products, working with the government, as well as private providers to facilitate training of physicians, to creation of infrastructure, as well as creating awareness for our therapies. So we're pretty confident that this double-digit emerging market growth will continue given the size of that opportunity and given the diversification that we have across the different major emerging markets. I think the second question in terms of growth into next year the color that we provided really goes down to our three growth strategies built on a reliable and emerging market growth coupled with our new product launches that will become more. So uniform across our different groups, led by a strong recovery in diabetes, but also good improvement in both MITG and RTG like we mentioned. I think all of this put together gives us confidence that we can continue our mid single-digit growth trajectory that's in our short and long-term plans.
Omar Ishrak: Well like I mentioned before, some of our procedures are acute procedures that are needed. It's almost on an emergency basis and those procedures will continue and there's a demographic statistical need for that and we don't see that changing if anything with the demographics will even increase slightly. And then beyond that you have core surgical procedures like I said some of which were elective but most of it - is required and there we’re seeing a pretty steady performance in the marketplace. The spine area which I think is probably because of the elective nature of some of those procedures, we seen some pressure but not completely out of line with what we’ve seen historically in different phases and one that we expect to stabilize going forward. So from a procedural perspective we don't really see that much change, some shifts between the different areas that we're in primarily I think driven by the elective nature of some of these procedures. I think overall though like I mentioned before and I want to emphasize new product introductions in MedTech in general drive the market far more than these shifts and that’s what going to see us get the kind of accelerated growth that we are projecting into the second half and into next year.
Omar Ishrak: Well like we mentioned we feel that we've got a set of businesses driven by growth strategies of therapy innovation of emerging market growth and of - drive towards value based healthcare which helps us with pricing and some new business models. You take all three of those things together across the spread of our businesses, we feel that we can deliver on the mid single-digit growth and I think we've demonstrated that, we've had issues in certain quarters for a variety of reasons and which we’re not happy about but in general on a yearly basis we certainly delivered that and we have every expectation that that will continue. And to do that that this fiscal year we need an acceleration in the second half which we have line of sight to given the new product launches and the dynamics that we see in our different businesses. So really is a straightforward as that, we think our new products fill this on a base of strong double-digit emerging markets growth.
Omar Ishrak: It varies quite a bit - as we go through the next 12 to 18 months but CVG and cardiovascular we continue to have traction and our CoreValve Evolut PRO in TAVR in addition to the intermediate risk approval that we got is driving both market growth, as well as our own share position in the U.S. and across the world. We're really excited about our HVAD destination therapy approval that's a real game changer for us in that market and we're pleased with the success that we've seen with that product line. And then also repeating the Micra leadless pacemaker, which is the only leadless pacemaker that exist and we continue to benefit from full CMS reimbursement for that product in the U.S. and we're seeing a very strong growth in that segment as well. So all three of those areas in CVG continue to grow in addition to the other product lines. So we're pretty confident that will go on. There will be dynamics through the different quarters that we go through the year it will be higher earlier in the next 12 months rather than later in CVG. But then that’s supplemented by continued growth in MITG where we have regular cadence of launches that we're seeing deliver successful results specifically in surgical innovations but the other businesses also are contributing. And in RTG, in addition to the capital equipment that we’ve talked about like the StealthStation S8 and the O-arm and to some degree our partnership with Mazor Robotics, we also have Intellis platform that we should really look at which is a big turnaround and take us towards positive growth in spinal cord stimulation. In addition to the removal of the warning letter and the consent decree requirements that were in place for the pain pump in that product line. And then finally in diabetes, we've gone through a fairly difficult phase mostly to do with our supply shortage in sensors but very strong demand from patients for our highly differentiated technology. And we’re only in the beginning stages of the growth in diabetes with that kind of differentiated hybrid closed loop technology. And in addition to that, we’re supplementing that with our Guardian Connect with sugar IQ product which is a CGM product to be launched in the U.S. sometime later this fiscal year which is highly differentiated from anything that’s available in the market. So you put all that together, we see that while the relative dynamics of the different businesses may vary quarter-to-quarter, overall we've got enough diversification in the markets that we serve that we can maintain the mid-single-digit growth.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, I think a better way to look at that is to - so we demonstrate the translation of the clinical value to economic value in the financials of the hospital that's what we’re doing. The clinical value is reduced reintervention rates for example for which we've got evidence, we’re not just guessing this we’ve got clinical trial evidence that shows that and that translated to the financials of the hospital is our value base healthcare program where the variables are highly technology driven or innovation driven. So then few other variables, our technology we know through evidence and clinical trials create this improved clinical benefit which we then translate to the hospitals financials as an economic benefit. And we think that through that, indeed pricing is not only protected but to some degree we would get enhanced overall pricing because in the end the hospital is better off financially with this new technology than without, that’s the essence of value based healthcare programs. And we’ve - as the overall payment model changes, we’re gaining a lot of experience as to how to create these contracts with providers in the existing fee-for-service model. As we translate more to a pay-for-value model, we think we’ll be very well positioned to even broaden the scope of these business arrangements.
Omar Ishrak: Okay, so with that let's close the call up. Thank you very much for all your questions. And on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. And for those of you in the U.S., I want to wish you and your families a very Happy Thanksgiving. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q3 call which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, February 20. Thank you all very much.
Karen Parkhill: For FY 2018 you're approximately right, we would expect high single digit growth compounded annually from FY 2016 on a comparable basis. So slightly high but you can do the math from FY 2016 with that growth rate. I would say on our free cash flow, know that we typically generate about a third of our free cash flow in the first half that's what we did last year what we're seeing right now. So we do remain confident about our ability to continue to grow in the high single digits from FY 2016 compounded annually. There have been some effects in the first half that we outlined on our fourth quarter earnings call. We expect a significant tax and legal settlement in FY 2018 most of that did occur in the first half of this fiscal year. We also had some payments fall into the first half that were in the second half of last year on a comparable basis specifically a couple hundred million related to the timing of the pension plan contributions, it happened in Q2 of this year versus Q3 of the prior year. And we also had some additional tax payment this first half. And then keep in mind that the divestiture of our businesses also had an impact of cash flow with both divestiture related expenses and foregone cash related to divestiture.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, it is in the slide deck and it is 4.2 of free cash flow and if you look at it on a comparable free cash flow basis with the divestiture impact of about 100 million a quarter it nets to 3.9.
Karen Parkhill: Yes we continue to have pricing pressure across all of our businesses and geographies and that is taken into consideration when we give our longer-term guidance.
Karen Parkhill: Bob, we are currently working on our long-range forecast and our annual plan for next year. So we'll give much better guidance in the normal timeframe. But in the meantime we clearly do continue to expect to drive that mid-single-digit revenue growth and significant operating margin expansion that should lead to very robust bottom line growth.
Karen Parkhill: We do expect our gross margin to be relatively flat year-over-year FY 2017 to FY 2018 and the real puts and takes are the fact that we see continued pricing pressure but remain focused on driving expense reduction in our COGS line item.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, from an FX perspective we talked about it on the operating margin perspective, and we said that our third and fourth quarter operating margin would be negatively affected by 50 to 100 basis points. But the fourth quarter impact a little bit greater than the third and that's assuming rates remain constant to where they are today.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question Glenn. We pleased that Congress is working on potential tax reform right now. We do continue to support reform in general including the establishment of a territorial system and a lower U.S. corporate tax rate. As you know, the House has advanced its potential reform with the passage of a bill and the Senate has only just released last night its legislative draft. But we recognize that both Houses need to reconcile their versions into one bill so we are staying very close to this process. I would say it’s too early to speculate on the final version of the bill and its impact if any to us but the most positive impact of potential reform to us in the long-term would be the ongoing access to our OUS cash that is limited obviously today.
Karen Parkhill: So we did talk about a margin decline that we had this quarter and that was really driven by four things, the impact of lower revenue - lighter revenue in our diabetes business along with the impact of the hurricane, as well as the infusion set recall in diabetes. And so going forward we do expect to improve our operating margins particularly this year in the back half substantially more in the fourth quarter. And that is really driven by the strength of revenue along with our continued focus on driving cost synergies and driving cost down where we can. Looking longer-term we do expect to continue to drive operating margin improvement as we’ve discussed in the past beyond the delivery of the Covidien synergies which we expect to close out this fiscal year. And the movement that we expect to do going forward is continued plant consolidation, increase used of shared service, continued focus on our enabling functions on a global basis driving center of excellence and improving our processes et cetera. So we do expect to continue to drive margin expansion going forward.
Karen Parkhill: Our commitment on return to shareholders is greater than 50% of our actual free cash flow that we generate, and while we did use a portion of our divestiture proceeds to repurchase stock which does elevate our return to shareholders this year, going forward we would expect to stick with that greater than 50% of free cash flow commitment.
Mike Coyle: Kristen I'd say, you know first let’s start with the back half of this year and then we can talk about the FY 2019. I'd say the acceleration that we expect in the back half of the year is really driven by three things. The first one is that our sensor capacity plans are actually not only going according to plan but slightly ahead of schedule. And so we anticipate that we are going to be in a position by the end of this fiscal year where our sensor capacity will allow us to meet all of the demand, so that's one. So as we get that back up we expect to see acceleration not only of sensor revenue but also of pump revenue. The second one is the 670G and you know the real world performance of 670G as more of those systems get into the market. This is a system that now has 13,000 patients that are uploading their data into CareLink and what's really encouraging Kristen, is that what we’re seeing even at these volumes is outcomes and performance that are very similar to what we saw in the pivotal trial for the FDA. And so as those things really start to continue to take hold I think both from a physician perspective and a patient perspective, we will start to see traction. And then the third dynamic for the back half of the year which will also go into FY ’19 is Animas and the transition of those patients to Medtronic. And then as we look forward into FY 2019 as Omar mentioned, there's a series of new product launches in addition to all of these dynamics that I just mentioned. Guardian Connect and our entry into the standalone sensor market number one, iPro 3, which will be a new professional CGM for our Type 2 business. You combine all of these things and we feel good about the acceleration into the second half and also double-digits for FY 2019.
Mike Coyle: That's right. So we are going to ramp up and Q3 should be better than Q2. So we - our capacity expansion plans will allow us to produce more sensors this quarter than we did last quarter. And then by Q4 will be in a position where we can meet all of the demand.
Mike Coyle: Josh thanks for the question. As you mentioned those products were launched in mid-to-late September by both of our competitors and so we now have eight or nine weeks of experience with the launches and frankly we have not seen a lot of impact on our unit share in the high power segment. And I think there are a number of reasons why that is true, the first is that the competitive offerings that they have are really not matching up to what we already have in the market, it's not just the three test labeling that we have, but also they have very significant labeling restrictions on their product and workflow negatives when you try to implement to their labeling. And that obviously it works to our advantage but probably the bigger reason there hasn’t been a meaningful detectable shift is that this really was just labeling expansion, it’s really the same products that they have been selling and their field had done a good job I think of indicating to customers that when they got the approval for MRI say that they would be able to basically perform MRIs on implants even before the approval right. So that basically put them in a position where we never saw the kind of share shift that we saw in Brady, where they was a special lead and they had to wait until they had actual approval of the product before they could start selling it. So most of the share shift that we've seen from our product line is really come from features that are embedded in our devices that are highly differentiated like our busy AF or the smart shot technology that we have or the adaptive effective CRT features and these features have not been matched up with the products that have come in from competitor. So they represent 70% to 80% of our product mix, so we were not expecting to see a big - major share shift away from us as MRI labeling came in from competitors and at least eight or nine weeks into the launch we have seen that happen.
Mike Coyle: We're obviously fairly early into the launch of Evolut PRO both in Europe and in the United States really which the last quarter was really the first full quarter for that product. It’s doing exceptionally well in terms of not only the improvements in lower paravalvular leak rates but the physicians are really being able to use that system to have lower pacemaker rates as well. So we really feel well positioned relative to our product line now obviously with both Evolut R and Evolut PRO available to our customers. And obviously the intermediate risk approval in the United States allowed us to really access where the growth in the market is and now we're expanding centers to basically take advantage of that. And then obviously the Evolut R approval in Japan is also driving significant growth. So the overall market remains robust in through the low to mid 20s and obviously we are in share capture mode, we think our product lines are well positioned to compete against any new entrants that come into the marketplace and obviously we continue to invest and expanded indications for use including low risk and looking at things like bicuspid indication. So we think there is plenty of room for continued expansion.
Bryan Hanson: We obviously have a pretty complex project on our hands with a lot of moving pieces and parts on the robotics system quite literally actually, a lot of moving pieces and parts. And so there is always risk in slippage for launch but at this point in time we're sticking to the dates that we have committed to relative to launch timelines which would be consistent with what you said first-in-human at the end of this fiscal year and in full launch in FY 2019. So we are pretty excited and I would tell you just even going further beyond that, I probably feel more confident now about the robotic system then I have it any point in the past the fact that we're going have a viable and really competitive product and I will tell you why? We're already building our pilot systems off the production line. So we've already built and are continuing to build those pilot systems write off the production line. We are well passed any design development fees at this point where fully into verification and validation and although there's a lot of work ahead of us, the work really is more associated which is time to retire the work and the risk of a viable product is behind us. So we're not having a viable product is behind us. So I feel very confident about where we are. I feel very confident we're going to have not just a viable product but we continue to do so surgeon feedback and the feedback that we're getting from surgeons is that they're very excited about the technology that we have and I look forward to its launch.
Bryan Hanson: So it's less around procedural volumes because where we see a lot of pressure in our business in Q2, one obviously was a result of some of the pressure that we saw because of the hurricanes, a lot of that concentrated on the surgical business but even through that pressure we saw pretty good strength in the surgical business overall. The real pressure came in the RGR business which specifically the biggest piece of that which is respiratory where we had some really challenging comps from last year as you probably remember we had relaunched the PB980 in Q2. We had real strength last year as a result of that and that carry through in Q3 and Q4 and as expected we saw some challenging growth rates in Q2 as a result of that. But I don’t see anything fundamentally in the procedures that we leverage to drive revenue that would be concerning for me.
Bryan Hanson: Look I think there is a lot more research that needs to be done on the impact of the surface technologies in the porous surface edgings on some of the inner bodies, but we'll also participate in that market as well. We're just launching our first titanium porous cage and so we’re watching it. I think though that to dismiss the use of some of the biologics is premature based on the results we've seen over the last decade. And we’re so confident that we're investing $90 million over the next several years in clinical research. We feel very good about it but we are intrigued on the surface coatings and we’re going to invest in that as well, but I think dismissing the biologics, the existing biologics is a little premature and I think more of the questions are some of the new claims around stem cells and things like that, that is where the pressure is that's what we’re seeing. We’re not seeing it for example on Infuse, if that’s the question. We are hearing about it in some of the new stem cell related products that there is pushback from the payers, but in terms of existing biologics we feel that we have proven track record and we're confident thus investing in more clinical data. And the porous technology is intriguing but there's still lot to prove on that.
