Karen Parkhill: Yes, on the IT outage, it’s very difficult to separate and quantify the impact related to the outage. We did say that it is not material to the first quarter revenue or earnings per share, so very difficult to quantify beyond that.
Karen Parkhill: Keep in mind that our diabetes patients on 640G do not need to use the sensor attached. But they are choosing to use it more and more often because of the accuracy with that sensor. And that is one of the reasons that the demand was higher than we originally anticipated. In regard to MITG, we do expect revenue growth for the year now to be 3.5% to 4.5% and that does include the positive impact of the divestiture for the partial year of about 30 basis points. On a full year basis we would expect that to be about 50 basis points, so we are increasing our guidance in that business line.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. As you have heard us talk about in the past time, we are focused on paying back to our shareholders in the form of those dividends and share purchases and that won’t change. We are also focused on balancing that payback with continued reinvestment in our own business, so that we can continue to grow that long-term value of Medtronic.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. We don’t comment directly on exact EPS guidance. But we do expect – continue to expect 9% to 10% growth on the base of last year. So hopefully, that’s helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. I would say that the biggest thing that’s changed is in our diabetes business and the impact of the lower revenue growth until the end of the fiscal year given the demand and supply constraints and that guidance does ultimately have an impact through the P&L. And so that does also affect the bottom line. Beyond that we do expect that to be offset by some better guidance in CVG than initially given. Given the strength of that new pipeline and on an EPS perspective, we do expect that the dilutive impact of the transaction is still $0.18 on a net basis after taking into account the use of proceeds on a gross basis when you are looking at the numbers that we provide to reset your base on a gross basis that would translate into about $0.23 dilutive before taking into account these proceeds.
Karen Parkhill: I would say that again difficult to give you an exact dollar amount of the impact to the quarter of the demand and supply equation. But clearly it did impact us to perform under what we had initially guided for the diabetes business last quarter.
Hooman Hakami: Yes. Mike the only thing I would just add to that if you really take a look at what Omar mentioned with respect to the dynamics this is purely a function of increased demand, not manufacturing output or manufactured performance. And maybe two statistics to keep in mind, you heard in the commentary our installed base demand for sensors in Europe was 50%. We were expecting growth in Europe, but 50% was more sensor utilization than what we were expecting. The second that you heard from the commentary is that there were 32,000 priority access patients that signed up that was a 30% increase versus what we expected. So this is purely a function of increased demand not as Omar pointed out of anything to do with yields or lower marks [ph]. Our marks are great, our yields are totally in line with expectation, it’s just our ability to meet demand and this is a temporary thing.
Hooman Hakami: So Kristen hi, this is Hooman, nice to hear your voice. The – let me just touch on that. First of all it is as we talked about purely a demand equation. And as you rightly pointed out, we have Enlite 1 sensor, our Enlite enhanced sensor, our Guardian Sensor 3. All of those are experiencing strong demand which as Omar and Karen mentioned we are working to fill the capacity in order to meet that demand. It doesn’t change our strategy overall, number one. So strategically actually this increased demand means the strategy is working. With respect to sensor augmented systems and then as far as personal versus professional CGM, I would say two things. One as Karen and Omar alluded to in the commentary we are still working with the FDA for the launch of our own personal CGM which should hopefully happen in this year. The Guardian Connect sensor with sugar IQ, that’s number one and on top of that we continue to go down the path within our non-intensive type 2 business to drive professional CGM more aggressively through primary care physicians. So we are pursuing all three of these angles and that’s been the strategy and we will continue to try that strategy.
Hooman Hakami: No, that’s exactly right. We know the equipment. We know the process. So bringing the equipment in doing all of the qualifications that’s something we feel very comfortable with. Then there is obviously the variable of turning all of that over to the FDA and seeking their approval. So as Omar pointed out, that’s the single biggest variable in this that has uncertainty around it, the other elements we feel very good about.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. From a margin perspective in our business, I don’t see anything with probably similar to the mix in the quarter, I don’t see anything that would continue there. And just real quick on general surgery in a question was asked previously, it was a little lighter in the quarter likely due to surgical volumes. It reacts more to surgical volumes than our advanced energy business and advanced business overall. And so that’s why we saw little bit of weakness in general surgery versus what we have seen in the past. It is almost directly impacted by these surgical volumes and that was the reason for the softness.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, what I would tell you is that thinking in Q2 we get – it’s not a perfect science by the way. And so if you look at the variables that would drive the lower surgical volumes in a quarter it’s very difficult to say what variable actually had the biggest impact. So, I don’t want to draw any conclusions there. What I know is that from our own field sales organization from some of our key competitors that plan to space in their general surgery type products if there was softness in the quarter. I don’t want to read too much into that though, because it’s one quarter. We have quarters that are up – quarters that are down, so I am calling this a trend at all at this point. And I certainly wouldn’t want to draw any conclusions to any strength that would be happening in the fourth quarter as result of this. One other thing I would mention in our Advanced Surgical business though we always look at surgical volumes, one of the key things we concentrate on is moving current procedures from open to MIS and that drives a lot of our growth. So, we are definite on surgical volumes, but not completely dependent on surgical volumes in that business.
Bryan Hanson: Well, obviously, we are pretty excited that we are in the fiscal year that we are going to get the first human use. So, that’s a positive. We are in the – what I would define is the pilot phase build right now and we are obviously working very diligently for verification and validation and also any things that we need to put together for regulatory submissions. So, we are heading down the path, feel confident with what we have today. Obviously, with this complex of a product, a lot can happen in the VNV process, but we are feeling good about where we stand today. In the strategy, it’s the same that I have mentioned before organization from a mission perspective is to move our patients from open surgery to MIS. This is another tool to ensure that we can do that. And we feel confident that once we have launched this, we are going to be in a unique position to bring more value than any other company in the world. We will be able to fully service open surgical procedures, traditional MIS procedures and robotic surgery as well as provide operational efficiency services within the operating room. So, we remain very confident in the product and we remain very confident in the overall strategy.
Omar Ishrak: And with respect to the questions for me, let me start with the acquisition strategy. Look, we remain focused on tuck-in acquisitions today and they worked for us. We have converted them into the ones that we have done. We are converting them quite smoothly into organic growth drivers for us over time. We are not really focused today on transformative M&A. Remember we are still in the last year of integration of Covidien. We just did a divestiture that is separation agreements that we have got to follow through. So, we are focused on executing these big sort of bets in many ways that we made. And we continue to have very disciplined approach to pursuing tuck-in acquisitions and we intend to continue with our approach. Over the long-term, we will continue to build value for shareholders and we look at opportunities that are accretive to margins and growth trajectories that support our strategic priorities. I think Karen can comment a little bit on the capital allocation perhaps on the buyback as well.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Thanks Kristen. First of all this year measurement it would be with the payment changes. The changes really that is not mandatory anymore. I think there is general encouragement to move more towards value based payments. And I think it’s not only CMS but the commercial payers are also looking at it in that dimension. At the end of the day the value based healthcare is around improving outcomes at a lower cost. And I think that the trajectory is not going to change. I think is good realization of that. I think operationalizing this requires granular work and we are in the middle of that and we are driving that partnering with both providers and payers and CMS in doing so as we come up with the right models. So I would say that the change from the mandatory version is just that, it is not mandatory anymore. There is no real change in philosophy about the value of bundle payments and the importance of outcomes measurements. I think with respect to the industry value based care is where they industry has got to move to. Consolidation gives you a capability to have a seat at the table. It gives you more assets to use to deliver value based healthcare, because you probably need a variety of capabilities to do so. But at the end of the day, innovation in this industry that’s relevant for patients is never going to go away. And let’s not confuse getting broader in some ways with lack of focus in specific physician partnerships and therefore driving innovation which will then result in the higher value that’s what MedTech does. And that is not going to go away.
Omar Ishrak: I think there is two things on that, first of all always remember that the U.S. market is driven by innovation cycles. And as we go through our innovation cycles, the underlying market is really dominated by these growth spikes that as we get. And as we move into an accelerating phase of innovation you will see our U.S. almost go up. With respect to the underlying market there is a slight change which is in the range of changes that have happened in the past and you are right that surgical volumes overall have been a little softer as have spinal volumes. A lot of this has to do it electric procedures, people backing away from those. I think that’s the best that I think that we have seen that there has been an intentional sort of conservatism if you like maybe a caution about their elective procedures right down the middle of the year. But again, it’s within the range of movement of these markets over time. So, it’s not anything beyond that. And I do think that innovation cycles are the ones that really moved these markets much more dramatically. And I think as we go through this period of accelerating innovation, you are going to see that.
Omar Ishrak: And then Larry on the questions about the clinical trials to come up here at ESC for late-breaking clinical trials, I don’t have much to say on the CASTLE AF study until we actually see the results there. Obviously, our franchises are doing very well in that particular area both therapeutically with the cryoablation and continuing benefits from the FIRE and ICE study as well as obviously continued growth in the insertable loop recorder market, where frankly most of the growth that we see there is being dominated by its use in cryptogenic stroke and syncope. So, we don’t expect those to be particularly impacted, but we will wait and see what those data are. As it relates to the renal denervation, obviously we have been working now for better part 3 years to basically look at the application of that therapy. We have changed the device obviously to the spiral device. We have changed where we are doing the application of energy to go more distal into the renal artery. We have changed the patient population that we are studying based on the evidence that we saw of who responded and who didn’t in the original HTN-3 study. And we also have obviously now executed on randomized clinical trial, sham-controlled for the both on and off, on-med and off-med arms and what’s going to be presented at ESC next week is the off-med patient cohort there. So, we think that’s probably the purest look at the therapeutic value of renal denervation. There will be simultaneous publication for that and we will discuss those results after they are actually presented at ESC.
Omar Ishrak: And just to make it clear, we have gotten approval for this kind of stuff from the FDA in the past without any issue. So, there is nothing that’s any different, but it is something that needs approval.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. The decline that you are seeing in the CRT-D is basically being driven by the U.S. and it is basically we are seeing low single-digit declines in initial implants for CRT-D. We are actually taking market share in the initial implants, but we are also now seeing sort of the low double low double-digit declines in replacements. This is something we talked about a year ago in Q1 and Q2 as a competitor who had a major recall at the end of our Q2 and into Q3 and Q4. That obviously drove competitive replacements for us, which masked if you will that decline that’s really being driven by the extending of battery life in the CRT-D space. And that’s what you are seeing sort of reflected in the numbers. The other major driver for that which is temporary to the Q1 results is that we saw fairly significant destocking of hospital held inventory in the United States in Q1, where essentially the hospitals are looking not to hold this much inventory of product and if they want to take it, they want significant discounts to restock that, which we have opted not to do. So, that is more of a temporary issue that what we think will not see this big of a magnitude of it going forward.
Omar Ishrak: Look we don’t have any direct insight into that. We don’t hear of that as a specific reason. And like I said this range is within a fluctuation range that we have seen before. So we are gauging it in that light. And like we mentioned earlier electric procedures probably down a little bit, but again in the ranges we have seen before. And again let me emphasize that product innovation in this market is what really swings these markets. And we do think that for the right procedures where there is real value that the patient can see and the physicians can see the procedures that happen and they will grow when new innovation comes along. And we are in a period of accelerating that innovation, so we do expect our U.S. growth numbers to go up in the coming quarters, offset a little bit by the diabetes slowdown in the next quarter or so because that’s mostly – almost all U.S. But really surgical procedures themselves I think again are in the range of history, historical trends. And we expect our product innovation to positively impact those markets.
Omar Ishrak: Well, I think the methodology for managing is more or less the same as it’s always been and you go through these cycles again in the range that we have seen before. And look I hear too from hospitals just in general that they are concerned about their business flow. But again it’s nothing that’s more than what we have seen before and in that range. And for the right think they will do it. But their buying patterns are in line with what we have seen, nothing dramatically different.
Omar Ishrak: Thank you, Isaac. Okay. So with that, let me thank you all for your questions and on behalf of the entire management team I would like to thank you again for your support and interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call which we now anticipate holding on November 28 which is a week later than normal closing time needed as a result of the divestiture of the Cardinal Health. Thank you all. And have a good day. Thanks.
