Ryan Weispfenning: Good morning, I'm Ryan Weispfenning, Vice President and Head of Medtronic Investor Relations. Welcome to Minnesota, land of 10,000 lakes. I appreciate that you're joining us today for Medtronic's Fiscal Year 2023 Fourth Quarter Earnings Video Webcast. Before we go inside to hear our prepared remarks, I'll share a few details about today's webcast. Joining me are Geoff Martha, Medtronic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Karen Parkhill, Medtronic Chief Financial Officer; Jeff and Karen will provide comments on the results of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023, which ended on April 28, 2023 and our outlook for fiscal year '24. After our prepared remarks, the executive VPs from each of our four segments will join us, and we'll take questions from the sell-side analysts that cover the company. Today's program should last about an hour. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release containing our financial statements and divisional and geographic revenue summaries. We also posted an earnings presentation that provides additional details on our performance. The presentation can be accessed in our earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com. During today's program, many of the statements we make may be considered forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports and other filings that we make with the SEC and we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement. Unless we say otherwise, all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis and revenue comparisons are made on an organic basis, which excludes four things: one, the impact of foreign currency; two, revenues from our Q1 acquisition of intersect ENT; three, fourth quarter revenue in the current and prior year from our divestiture of our Renal Care Solutions business; and four, a one-time contribution from an intellectual property agreement, references to sequential revenue changes compared to the third quarter of fiscal '23, and are made on an as-reported basis. And all references to share gains or losses refer to revenue share in the first calendar quarter of 2023 compared to the first calendar quarter of 2022, unless otherwise stated. Reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com. And finally, our EPS guidance does not include any charges or gains that would be reported as non-GAAP adjustments to earnings during the fiscal year. With that, let's head into the studio and hear about the quarter. 
Ryan Weispfenning: Thanks, Larry. Appreciate the questions. Just a reminder to the analysts to please stick to one question and one follow-up if needed. Brad, we will go to the next question please.
Ryan Weispfenning: I appreciate the questions, Travis. Just a reminder to the analysts one question and one related follow-up if needed. Brad, next question please.
Ryan Weispfenning: Hey, Matt.  Yeah. I think we've got a problem with your audio, Matt. We'll check that and come back to you. Can you please take the next question, Brad.
Ryan Weispfenning: Well, Thanks for the questions, Shagun. Brad, why don't we try to go back to Rich, if we can, and then we'll take our final two questions.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks so much for the question, Robbie. When we were thinking through our guidance for the fiscal year, we thought it was prudent to start the year with guidance that sets us up for success. Geoff talked about it. We have a lot going on at Medtronic and we're intensely focused on delivering on our commitments that we -- and while doing so while we continue to transform the company. We got -- we have puts and takes, as we always do on the year, but there are no new issues from a growth perspective in FY '24. When we look at our geographies, China remains a drag from lingering VBP, but that's improving over last year. And we're really encouraged by our second half '23 performance of 5% and as we look early in May, we see good momentum. Our supply chain continues to improve. Our markets continue to recover. We've got a pipeline that we're really excited about and it's weighted towards the latter half of the fiscal year, then we've got 780G in the U.S. We've got the full suite of cardiac ablation with Affera. We've got our robot continuing to ramp. And we've got Guardian that's hopefully coming to market, too. So we don't have any new material risk to call out. We feel really good about the coming year. On EPS, we've highlighted for the past few quarters that we've got significant headwinds to EPS growth. That includes mid-single digit inflation that's impacting our gross margins. I talked about currency of approximately 6% as a headwind and interest and tax is around 1%. So when you combine all of these factors, they are a double-digit headwind to EPS growth. But our guidance is just a mid-single digit decline. So we've driven significant savings that allow us to protect and fund important R&D and help offset those savings just like we've talked about. As we think about our long range plan, we've got work to do to improve the bottom line. And that's going to be impacted by gross margin, which is obviously impacted by inflation and currency. But over time, we expect our gross margin to stabilize and then improve. And that's going to be one of the key things that will help drive our bottom line into the future. But longer term, our goals have not changed. We're just going to take it one year at a time.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. So Robbie, the comps are easier in the first half, but our pipelines weighted towards the back half. And so when we take all that together, you can think about Q2 through Q4 growth rates all being on about the lower end of our full year guidance. That's how we're thinking about it right now.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. So I think, Vijay, just as we talked about it, we just think that 4% to 4.5% for the full year is a good starting point. We have no new risk to call out, you named a lot of the great things that are happening in tailwinds. But for us, it's only Q1 and we just think it's a good place to start.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Vijay. We continue to work on the separation of patient monitoring and respiratory interventions. And when we announced the separation last year, we said that a spin sets a high bar because it minimizes the tax leakage and it allows our shareholders to participate in what we believe is going to be a significant value creation opportunity. We also said we would consider alternatives and a sale as possible because we do believe that this NewCo could be an attractive asset to many parties. But we also said that the spin bar is really high because it's got attractive attributes for it. And any divergence from this spin path would really need to provide a greater value creation opportunity. But whatever course we take will be in the best interest of our shareholders, how we manage dilution on this will ultimately be determined by the potential transaction, and we'll provide details as we have them at a later date.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks for those questions, Travis. On our cost savings, we said that we are driving significant cost savings. We're not disclosing the exact amount. But just to give you a sense, I mentioned we have mid-single digit inflation on our gross margins. We have currency impact of approximately 6%, and we have interest and tax of around 1%. And all those combined are double-digit headwind to EPS. But our guidance is just a mid-single digit decline. So the savings are significant. And obviously, they allow us to protect and fund important R&D innovation. When we talk -- when we think about R&D, we've said all along that our goal is to protect and to grow, align with revenue or above revenue when we can. And if we look at this coming fiscal year and we strip away the investment that we had in R&D and RCS in our renal care business that we're separating, our revenue is growing, our R&D expense, we expect it to grow higher than revenue. So we did protect it. It is important to us. And then on FY '25, we're just starting FY '24. So we're not ready to really talk about FY '25. But I mentioned that these last 18 months have been really busy for us. We've been strengthening our core with new people and new structures. We've been understanding our investment needs. We've been driving portfolio moves. We've been cutting expenses. We've been managing through our own setbacks. And the transformation that we've been driving amidst all of this is starting to have an impact on our results. You've seen us already move back to mid-single-digit growth on the top line, and we're intensely focused on delivering on our FY '24 commitments and driving a lasting turnaround at Medtronic. That's our priority right now. Longer term, our goals have not changed. We're focused on that durable mid-single digit revenue growth. We have continued work to do to stabilize and then improve our gross margins. But we have both the plans and the work in place to do that. And ultimately, we're committed to driving a strong and leveraged P&L. But we're going to take this one year at a time because that's just where we are right now. So I hope that gives you some context.
Karen Parkhill: And Anthony, on your question on the annual guidance and anything of note on 780G, we expect diabetes to return to good growth in this fiscal year. And we noted that we expect it to begin the year below the corporate average, but obviously ramp throughout the year as we bring the 780G to more and more patients in the United States and the consumable revenue off of that comes with it.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure, Vijay. Thanks for the question. Good to talk to you. Well, yes, procedure volume was a tailwind for us relative to prior quarters. I mean, Europe, in particular, recovered well and was out in front. U.S. lagged a little bit, but it began to accelerate in April and May. So like I said, Western Europe, high-single digit growth and staffing issues improving, and beyond that better product availability resulted in a strong back half of the Q4 for us in Western Europe. But clearly, staffing issues getting better. Emerging markets grew 11%, mid-teens if you exclude China and then Japan was mid-single digits. So we're seeing around the world a strong pickup. Like I said, U.S. lagged, but we saw a strong April and into May, a pickup there. So that's how I'd characterize the procedures. If you kind of look at it -- beyond geography, if you look at it maybe by therapy or product area for us, surgical and GI procedures and MedSurg as well as TAVR procedures and some more electric procedures like Pain Stim picked up, I think, due to improved staffing. CRM was notable with good initial implant growth and for Medtronic specifically coming out of a replacement headwind. Maybe one outlier might be coronary still behind in procedure volume recovery, but that's how I look at it by geography and by therapy area. Overall, we're pleased with all this, like I said, overall, pleased with the acceleration and all this is kind of confirmed with what we are seeing in April and even into May.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes. I'll just build on Que's comments in terms of beyond just the product, just the trend here of going from CGM first to AID, automated instant delivery. And with our differentiated algorithms there with the meal detection technology, we believe this is big. We're seeing it in outside the U.S. with 780G, and we want to have that same technology across a host of insulin delivery devices, whether it be a pen, smart pen, pump system, and a patch. So this adds to that armamentarium and we're excited about it. And Que's brought a lot of just better execution of the business as well. So that also helps our confidence in doing a deal like this. So looking forward to the future for our diabetes business. I'll have Karen answer the question around the patient monitoring and respiratory interventions separation.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure. Yeah. Well, thanks for that, Matt. It's exciting for the industry, and we believe we're well positioned in those tailwinds you just mentioned. So it is good to see, and I'm going to ask Sean to answer the specific questions around PFA and how we're positioned there.
Geoffrey Martha: Go ahead, as I say, simpler is definitely a jump forward, and I'll have Que jump in and answer that.
Geoffrey Martha: Getting back to Karen's earlier the answer, earlier part of the answer on the cost actions. I think we're focused on striking the right balance, as you mentioned, between kind of offsetting or mitigating some of the headwinds out there that affected EPS with the durability of our revenue growth and think about reinvestment in some of the top areas in med tech, right, diabetes, robotics,  EP, PFA. So these are exciting opportunities. We've got to balance mitigating some of these headwinds with making sure that we're making the right investments and she walked through the R&D growth and to make sure that our revenue is durable.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, the business, I could say, Matt is, it's new and the revenue is pretty small right now and it's just in Europe. But I'll let Karen talk about the dilution assumption.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, we can. Can you hear us? Rich? Can you hear me? Yes, I don't know, maybe we might have some connection issues with Rich. We'll go to the next question and come back.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, thanks for those questions. I'll start with the China one and then get to the M&A. On China, yeah, we've heard about the -- some of the COVID -- I wouldn't call it an outbreak, but signs of COVID in China, we haven't felt any impact of that at this point in talking to some of our health care -- some of our customers, they're not at this point too worried about it, but we're going to watch that closely. In terms of our overall view on China, I was just there -- and look, the economy is back and the health care procedures are back. Obviously, we're still working through volume-based procurement. But it's going to be the largest healthcare market in the world. And it's an area that we're investing in. And as we talked about before, this volume based procurement, we believe, by the end, as we exit this next fiscal year, as we exit this FY '24, we believe we'll have been through that reset from volume based purchases and procurement rather, and then grow from there and get back to that double-digit growth and we've adjusted by taking out some costs in China, now that the business is more contracted, it's allowed us to take out some sales and marketing costs. And so it's still a profitable business for us that we'll get back to that double-digit growth. Obviously, we're going to have to watch the geopolitics here between the two countries, but it's encouraging some of the more recent conversations the two countries are having. And we spend a lot of time on this in China with the U.S. government and are optimistic that this will continue to be a good market for us. In terms of M&A, yeah, obviously, the EOFlow acquisition looks like one of our -- is one of our traditional tuck-in type of deals in a high-growth area that we have a strong position in. You asked about -- and that we still have a lot of appetite for those type of deals, I would say we are focusing on those deals that we believe are going to have a bigger impact on Medtronic, and deals like the Intersect ENT deal, deals like for ENT, deals like up the Affera deal in our API business for PFA that had mapping and navigation and some PFA technology. And this EOFlow fits right into that, that kind of mold, bringing a patch technology to our diabetes business. In terms of divestitures, I would say nothing has changed. I mean we just completed the dialysis joint venture with DaVita. So we're excited about that and closed out officially, and that's off and running called,  is the new company's name, and we're working through, as Karen walked you through the patient monitoring and respiratory interventions separation, which is a large body of work. And in terms of those type of large-scale divestitures, the analysis and the thought process continues to look at our portfolio and see where opportunities are. But we're pretty focused right now executing on that one from an execution standpoint. And as you look forward, our appetite, our focus is still these tuck-in deals along -- and think of the three examples I gave, and that kind of size could be a little bigger than that, a little smaller. Those are the focus areas. If something bigger comes along, we'd look at it, but it's not what we're hunting for, if you will. So I hope that answers your question on M&A. I don't know, Karen if you have anything to add or I covered it.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure. Thanks for the question, Rich. I'm going to turn it over to Brett in a second and talk about the details of capital and some of the other Spine trends. But I'll just start with one is, we've seen this trend, and I don't know if I call it disruptive, it's been moving for a number of years now, this trend of the value proposition being in the industry, centering around enabling technology, navigation, imaging, robotics, powered instruments, AI-based surgical planning and bringing that all together, we brought that together in our ecosystem called Able. You are now seeing the impact of that in the marketplace. And you're seeing what it's doing to the marketplace around consolidation. I mean this is where the business is heading, the industry is heading, and it takes a lot of technology prowess and it takes a lot of balance sheet to do this, and it's having a big impact on consolidation that you're seeing. And as we move forward, we're really excited about our position. But Brett's been overseeing this business for a number of years now and has a -- and I'll let him talk about more detail on the value proposition and also get into the capital dynamic.
Geoffrey Martha: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. All right. Well, okay, everyone. Thanks for the questions. As usual, we really appreciate your support and continued interest in Medtronic. And as I mentioned earlier, we'll be coming to you from ADA on June 25 with an update on our diabetes business and we hope you'll join us for our Q1 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Tuesday, August 22, where we'll update you on our progress across the company. With that, thanks for spending time with us today and have a great rest of your day.
Que Dallara: Good morning. We're very excited about the EOFlow acquisition. As you know, we're very familiar with the technologies in the tech space, as well as the manufacturing challenges there. From a strategic perspective, we are the only integrated player in a diabetes technological space with both CGM, our algorithms as well as dosing systems and very well positioned for AIG. So our portfolio is very holistic. We want to meet patients where they are, and this acquisition accelerates the introduction of an AID patch into the market, and we expect to be the next to market with a differentiated product. So our intention is to combine EFOs device with the meal detection algorithm that you see today in the 780G system along with our next-generation sensor and expect that to be a very differentiated offering that's next to market. In terms of the -- so I think that addresses the product differentiation in time. In terms of the IP, as you know, I think it's been disclosed previously that we have a covenant not to sue with Insulet. And so we're very confident about our IP position. And this is a very differentiated device with Medtronic algorithms and sensor technology. So we're very confident in the product differentiation in the market.
Que Dallara: Thanks, Geoff. We're very excited about Sinclair. It's an all-in-one disposable sense. It's half the size of the Guardian for sensor, no  process, compared to our current sensor technology. As you know, we've submitted to CE Mark last year by summer and also to the FDA earlier this year. We hope that, actually, we've got to go through the regulatory process, but we're anticipating that this fiscal year, we should be able to get approval. So that's the best we have in terms of timing.
Que Dallara: Yes. And look, our plans right now to integrate our new detection technology algorithm as well as our next-generation Simpler sensor to bring an AID patch into the market. We think it's important for patient choice. And we want to do that as soon as possible. And we can't really comment any further on additional pipeline details at this point.
Que Dallara: I think the critical milestone to watch out for is really some development work to integrate our algorithm. We have that ready as part of the 780G system. We're obviously going through our sensor approvals today, so that will be variable. So there's a bit of development work, not a lot, the outflow has proven manufacturability at scale. The manufacturing exists. And so it is a relatively straightforward integration and approval process to get that to market. Once that AID patch system is available in market with our next-generation CGM, we think, obviously, we go through the commercialization and launch process, but we believe it's a very strong offering and second to market with this wearable disposable patch solution.
Que Dallara: Yes. We have a complementary organic program. If anything, we're stepping on the gas, on that program that continues. It's complementary with next-generation features that we're not prepared to go to at this point for competitive reasons, but that program will help expand our market access, including type two market.
Sean Salmon: Yeah, Matt. We really like our position. As you know, we've maintained a CE Mark for our point-by-point solution in Europe, and we just filed the PMA for our single-shot product in the United States and we'll have a data readout sometime next year. We completed enrollment for ferrous persistent (ph) trial in December. So we expect that, that one-year endpoint will be reached mid of this fiscal year. In terms of how we see the shift, obviously, we've got 85% of the market to play in, in point by point. And we have the other segment that we've been really strong in with Cryo at 15%. And I think as we initially launched into Europe, that's a much bigger opportunity for us as we go to point-by-point solutions. And when we come to the United States being among the first in PFA solutions and all of those are going to be anatomical or single shot. I think we'll garner interest from that 85% of the market that really wants to get to PFA, and they don't need to do that. So I think while you have the potential for some erosion of your base in anatomical, you also have the attraction of having the very first PFA offering coming in for anatomical solutions that will pull interest from 85% pool. And of course, when we launch  globally, we'll have the opportunity to play in a bigger swing pool. So I think the concerns about cannibalization, I think are overblowing frankly. There's far more greenfield for us than I think people are appreciating.
Sean Salmon: Sure, Travis. So the market is getting better and better, I'd say. We saw a really nice recovery within Europe procedures coming back, particularly in France and Germany, really strong and recovery in the United States started out a little sluggish in the quarter, had a little bumpy ride from spring breaks. As you know, there's a lot of consolidated volumes, so a little bit of that matter. But we exited the quarter really strong, we track some they called implant rates just or in the note case we supported, and we're seeing really good recovery trends, which we think will continue through the year. But right now, low -- I'd say low double to high-single digits is about what the fundamentals are for the underlying market.
Sean Salmon: Yeah. We've done well. I mean it's early, early innings for our PFA offering. As you know, we're just really trying to scale up both training and operations for that. So a little too early to comment on that. I'd say there's been really continued underlying growth just ablation in general continues to grow of all flavors, but of course, PFA will grow the fastest. We'll keep you appraised as to how that's going. We're seeing really good strong trends, though within Europe and overall, is a very robust market.
Sean Salmon: I don't think we're giving share ends, but we think we're in good shape with the momentum we have with FX, and we look to launch the FX into Europe in the back half of the year. So that's a -- and we've done well in the United States. We done in Japan., products is excellent and being well received.
Sean Salmon: Yes, Jeff, you said it well. We saw a really nice recovery in Europe, in particular, as I mentioned before, across the board in our procedures. In the U.S., we saw record surgery as kind of a leading indicator that really grew well in the United States for procedure volume. And throughout the quarter, we saw improving -- improvement including coronary stents, which has been curiously below the pre-COVID levels for a long time now. So we saw that come up to about 95% of pre-COVID levels for the back half of the year or the back half of the quarter. So look, I'm encouraged, may looks strong. We're moving into a better procedure space for sure, globally. And it was also impressive to see how fast China step back after both the shutdown and the COVID stuff and it happened in the new year, it happens. So I think all the trends are looking up globally, and I think the U.S. is a place we're most encouraged by as we see the recovery of procedure volumes and in cardiology. We saw that with large joints, of course. And I think we're starting to see in cardiology too now, which is encouraging.
