Karen Parkhill: Thank you. Our third quarter revenue declined 1% organic and adjusted EPS declined 10%. As Geoff mentioned, we're well on our way to returning to growth, as sequentially our revenue increased 2% and adjusted EPS grew by 26% on the strength of our new products and execution.  While the resurgence of COVID did impact our performance across several businesses, we continue to view this impact as temporary. It's worth noting that our average daily sales in the third quarter were tracking higher than the second quarter through the latter part of December. However, we saw a step down, driven by the COVID resurgence, starting in the holiday period and continuing through the end of the quarter. Procedure volumes were light in many geographies and specifically impacted our surgical innovations, spine, and many of our cardiac and vascular businesses.  As Geoff mentioned, despite the slowdown in procedures, sales of our capital equipment were strong and point to a turn soon. While our third quarter revenue was in line with Street expectations, we came in $0.14 ahead of consensus on EPS, with an $0.11 beat on better operating margins and $0.03 on tax. FX, which was a greater-than-expected tailwind to revenues, was a headwind to EPS, $0.02 more than our November expectations.  We continued to see strong sequential improvement in our adjusted margins, 180 basis points on our gross margin and 430 basis points on our operating margin. Our operating margin improvement was faster than expected, driven in part by expense controls in SG&A.  Down the P&L, our tax rate came in lower than we expected, as we finalized taxes owed on certain prior years' returns during the quarter.  Turning to our balance sheet, our cash position is strong and we remain focused on investing both organically and inorganically through tuck-in acquisitions and minority investments to drive our long-term growth.  We recently announced another acquisition of the radial artery access portfolio from privately-held RIST Neurovascular, and now have 8 tuck-ins since the beginning of last calendar year, with a combined total consideration of approximately $1.7 billion.  We expect these investments to fuel revenue growth acceleration and create strong returns for our shareholders. And we continue to supplement these returns with a strong and growing dividend.  We are an S&P Dividend Aristocrat, having increased our dividend for 43 years, and our yield of 2% places us in the top quintile of all S&P 500 healthcare companies.  Now, turning to our outlook. While we expect the impact from the COVID resurgence to diminish, the effect from the ongoing pandemic to our businesses remains challenging to predict. So, we will continue to not provide our typical guidance.  That said, I do want to give you our sense of the trends ahead. We continued to see a lag in our average daily sales in the first couple of weeks of February. But we expect that to steadily improve, not only as we exit the month, but throughout the quarter, as COVID hospitalizations decrease, ICU capacity increases, and hospitals return to more normal procedure volumes. Said a different way, we expect March to be stronger than February and April to be stronger than March.  As we look at fourth quarter Street expectations and from where we sit today, we are comfortable with Street consensus on revenues and EPS. Within this, it's reasonable to think about organic revenue growth in a range between 30% and 34%, if the recovery trends follow our expectations.  In that case, by group, RTG organic growth would be around 50%, CVG around 40%, and MITG around 15%, reflecting the continued ramp down in ventilator revenues and a tough year-over-year comparison. And Diabetes organic growth would be in the high-single digits.  On the P&L, while we continue to invest in our product pipeline and launches, we do expect sequential operating leverage as our revenue improves. Therefore, we would expect around 1 point to 1.5 points improvement on gross margin and 1.5 points to 2 points improvement on operating margin, both on a sequential basis.  Regarding currency, assuming recent rates hold constant, the tailwind to revenue would be roughly $250 million. On the bottom line, we expect an approximate $0.04 headwind.  I'd like to end by reminding you that our new operating model became effective earlier this month and I am excited by the impact it will have on our culture and our ability to drive growth acceleration.  It will have minimal impact, however, on our external reporting, and you can refer to the slides in our earnings presentation for details on the minor changes going forward.  Back to you, Geoff. 
Karen Parkhill: In February so far, if we look at our average daily sales rate by week, we have not yet seen a turnaround, but we really do believe that it's due to the tough weather in the United States. And so, we do believe that we will see that turnaround very soon. We think we're already seeing it in terms of procedures and hospitals. And again, we're focused on March being much better than February and April much better than March. If we think about FY 2022, it's still early. We are still in our planning period. And while I'd love to give some guidance on FY 2022, it's premature given the fact that the COVID is still uncertain and we're still in our planning period.
Karen Parkhill: I would say, Bob, it is early to tell from our planning process, but you can expect very strong growth off of a depressed base next year. And the Street is expecting that. So, harder for me to give guidance beyond that when we're still in our planning process.
Karen Parkhill: We did see good, continued expense control this quarter, particularly in SG&A. And we would expect that to continue. That has helped drive our sequential margin improvement. It's not the only thing. Obviously, revenue growth helped drive it too. And we talk about the fact that we expect sequential margin improvement both in gross and operating margins for Q4. As we think ahead, I would just keep in mind that our fourth quarter operating margins tend to be our highest margins. So, I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate those on to the full year for next year. But we do, again, expect to have continued good expense control.  And in terms of free cash flow, yes, we have seen very encouraging things with free cash flow both on better-than-expected profit from the beginning of the year, along with better-than-expected collections on accounts receivable despite the pandemic. So, we've got good momentum particularly in both places. And you've seen our free cash flow, at least year-to-date, be above that 80% conversion. I would say that free cash flow is more of an annual metric because cash flows can be lumpy. And while we may be under that 80% conversion rate for the full year just because of COVID and the pandemic, we are clearly committed to that conversion rate being above the 80% going forward.
Karen Parkhill: Larry, I appreciate the questions on FY 2022 and recognize that you guys are getting those questions. And so, I would love to be able to give you a lot more color. But I really – we're really in this planning phase. And so, it's very difficult for me to give you more than I've given. Expect strong growth off of a depressed base. We're very excited about our pipeline and our launches ahead. And we've talked about revenue growth being strong and accelerating into the future. So we'll give you color when we can or official guidance if the pandemic clears on FY 2022. But in the meantime, we're just going to have to wait until our fourth quarter call.
Karen Parkhill: On gross margins, those are clearly impacted by price and mix and other things like tariffs that can come into play. So, we've had sequential improvement. We expect continued sequential improvement as we talked about. And where you see it mostly showing up so far is in the operating margin because we are driving greater expense efficiencies on the SG&A line, in particular, and you can expect that to continue.
Karen Parkhill: I think you meant the Naviant headwind. We do expect our Q4 revenue to be impacted by roughly $40 million from that headwind. And then, if we look going forward into next year, we're going to be focused on introducing our prior product, the Captivia product and ramping that up throughout the year. So, we expect that to help offset the headwind from Naviant. So, we expect about $25 million to $30 million per quarter in fiscal 2022, a little bit higher at the beginning of the year as we're rolling out the product and a little bit less toward the end of the year.  And then, you had a second question, and I need to remember what that was. 
Karen Parkhill: On ventilators, obviously, sequentially, we're seeing ventilator growth come down as we expected. And we expect that to continue into next year. But keep in mind, ventilator is a small part of Medtronic. And we recognize we've got certain headwinds, and we're going to be focused on offsetting where we can.  And in terms of the China tender, we expect the China tender along – the DES national tender along with the balloon multi-provincial tenders to impact us about $45 million a quarter. That will start to anniversary in the second quarter of next year and then fully anniversary in the third quarter of next year. 
Geoffrey Martha: Okay. Thank you, Karen. Now to wrap up, we're continuing to put points on the board with strong execution across the organization. We're winning share in an increasing number of our businesses. We're executing on a record number of product launches. We're accelerating our growth, our end markets are coming back, and we have exciting opportunities ahead of us. And importantly, we're positioning the company for long-term success as we continue to invest in our pipeline, enhance our culture, and execute our new operating model.  We're empowering our 20 operating units. We've delayered and decentralized the organization, giving us greater visibility into our end markets and increasing our speed, decisiveness, and competitiveness, while at the same time leveraging the strengths of our enterprise in areas like manufacturing and core technology development. And we're able to accomplish all of this because of our talented organization.  I want to thank all of our employees for another great quarter, and their continued hard work and commitment to the Medtronic Mission.  So, with that, let's now move to Q&A. 
Geoffrey Martha: Look, just to emphasize, we are bullish about FY 2022. But it's too early for us to give any specific guidance. 
Geoffrey Martha: 780, yes, the device is very competitive. I think we'll do well with it when we get into the marketplace. Now, the sensor experience has continued to be what we need to improve. And of course, we have the pipeline working for that.  With regard to the Synergy data, we will be filing an abstract with that as well as the Zeus data, hopefully, for an ADA presentation. So, you'll see the data when it becomes available if that abstract gets accepted.
Geoffrey Martha: That would give us four years of reimbursement if it survives the administration change, of course, within the Medicare population. If I look at the trial population that we studied so far, that's about a third of the population that was in study. So, that means that the rest of the work needs to be done for commercial payers, and that's going to be a street fight, state by state, payer by payer. We're already beginning that work. But that would be the bigger work to do within reimbursement. And of course, that has to be repeated at the country level all around the world where we have regulatory approvals. So, the availability of reimbursement is a critical part of that adoption curve.  And just to remind you, we think that we can get that to $3 billion mark with just 1% penetration. So, it's a huge opportunity for us and reimbursement will be important for the speed of that ramp.
Geoffrey Martha: The capital equipment obviously that we sell is directly tied to capital equipment that obviously that we sell is directly tied to procedures, right? Elective procedures that tend to be, in the United States, in particular, high profit margin for the hospitals. And we're tying this to, one, the value proposition in this equipment, which we've invested in over the years, and how it enhances the procedure and the outpatient outcomes. But it is, I think, in our mind a signal to a step back in patient volumes coming that we expect over the coming months. And that's consistent with conversations we've had with hospital CEOs over the last two weeks. I don't know, Brett, if you want to add to that.
Geoffrey Martha: Actually, what we've seen is, despite – obviously, the COVID overhang has impacted all elective procedures and has been a headwind for us in total. But where we're launching new products, even in the backdrop of these market conditions, we're seeing adoption. Would it be better without COVID? Absolutely. But we are still seeing adoption. Sean was just talking about Micra. It grew again. Another great quarter at 75% in the US and 64% or something like that globally in our neuroscience or in RTG in the neuromodulation space, whether it be our new technology in pelvic health or our deep brain stimulation, our Percept PC, deep neurostimulator, or in pain, our new pain products in the DTM product. All of those are getting disproportionate share versus the competition. And yeah, it would be better in a non-COVID environment, but we are seeing products get adopted. We are seeing some price improvement where we have differentiated technology that warrants it. So, I'm looking forward for COVID to be behind us here, but it really hasn't stopped hospitals from adopting, maybe not at the scale they otherwise would have, but adopting the technology.
Geoffrey Martha: Look, I can go back to what we experienced in 2020. After the initial wave of COVID hit back in the spring timeframe, there was a fairly – especially in the US, but all over the world, a fairly quick recovery. I think much faster than people anticipated. And we feel that prior to this latest wave, this latest spike of COVID, that really hit us in late December, we had worked through the majority of that backlog, right? So, call that, over six, seven month timeframe. And so, we would expect something similar here. So, a new backlog has built up. And we expect to be able to work through that over the next six months or so.
Geoffrey Martha: First of all, I'll start with China. China's pretty much back to normal. For us, if you back out the impact of the China tender, we had a really strong quarter in China and don't expect that to change. So, China's back to normal.  Then I'll come over to the United States and we talked about that. And I think the worst is behind us with the second wave. And as Karen indicated earlier, we expect to see the recovery. It was a little delayed, I think, by some of the weather we had here over the last week. But just started to see a procedural recovery. And we do think that's going to go fairly robust recovery fairly, fairly quick, like we saw the first spike. And then Europe, I think will trail the United States by a couple of months. It's just not going to move – I don't think it's going to move quite as fast in terms of recovery.  And then, if you look at other parts of Asia-Pacific and Latin America, they are back to growth. And I think they'll kind of continue to steadily improve. So, that's the way I'd sum it up. And we're really watching the US recovery and the Europe one. And like I said, we think Europe will trail the US by a couple of months.
Geoffrey Martha: I know the comps get a little harder with Micra, but a strong continued cardiac rhythm growth into the year. In neuroscience and RTG, all the neuromodulation-related therapies there with DBS, I think we're going to see a multi-year share gain and growth in DBS because we're following up our Percepta DBS launch with our new SenSight leads which enhance the sensing and provide us durability and we're launching a new clinical trial for closed loop adaptive DBS. In pain, we've been got the new DTM product from the Stimgenics acquisition that sits on top of our Intellis platform, and that's got a lot of momentum. And I think the physician community is excited about the idea of us bringing ECAPS to market. So, we've got a little momentum there. And of course, in our overactive or pelvic health business, neuromodulation for overactive bladder, you heard in the commentary, we've got a lot of momentum there as well. And then, of course, you've got the soft tissue robot launching, Bob already articulated the impact there at the MITG level of 100 basis points or so. So, those are some big ones.  In cardiology, we've got a lot going on as well. Our atrial fibrillation business with the DiamondTemp launch is another one in our first line indication for our cryo product line, are also exciting, I think, growth drivers for us.  I don't know, Sean, did I leave anything out there? And you've got quite a bit going on in cardiology.
Geoffrey Martha: I think the message here is, whether it's FY 2022 or beyond, we are really focused on not just launching the products in the pipeline, but keeping the pipeline full and really managing this business, balancing the short and the long term here. And I know that the morale within Medtronic is high, despite all the things going on in the world, despite some of the changes we made. And it's because of the investment we're making in our pipeline. And so, that is something we're going to keep going across the company that we're hyper focused on that.
Geoffrey Martha: There are two categories, how digital is impacting, I'll call it, our offerings to our customers and patients. And you mentioned Viz.ai, which is helping expand the stroke market. Our partnership with them has helped differentiate Medtronic and drive share. That's a good example. But I think another one that's a big one that we've talked about is remote capabilities in our implantable business, and I'll highlight our cardiac rhythm business. Correct me if I'm wrong, Sean, even there's remote programming, there's remote device management, there's remote patient management, and it is really picking up. Some of this technology was there before COVID, but the uptake was slow. And then, during COVID, the timing worked out. With our pipeline, we launched some additional remote capabilities, but we're seeing things like, for example, MRI when patients have to go back to – go into the hospital and they have an implanted cardiac device, they needed an MRI, that used to be more of a manual intervention. A Medtronic field representative actually going to the hospital to meet with the patient and make some programming changes. That now is up to – 25% or more of those are done now remotely and it was pretty low single digits prior to COVID. So, the uptake on – that's just one example of how digital is changing workflows and providing, in this case, better patient outcomes, but a lot of efficiencies.  So, we're seeing the digital piece take off and it will provide also productivity for our company. We believe we can provide – we've learned how to do, like, medical education remotely. Now, you can't do all med ed remotely. There's exchange of scientific data and there's some ability to train remotely. Obviously, at some point, these physicians want to get into the cadaver lab and things like that. And we haven't figured out how to do that remotely. But we're amazed at – when our backs were against the wall and you couldn't meet with physicians, how digital came to the rescue and provided a high quality experience. And now physicians, they are now on board with this. So, I think that will, one, speed up adoption of new technology, which is a good thing, but, two, provide efficiencies for us.
Geoffrey Martha: Look, the M&A, I'll call them bite size, but smaller tuck-in deals, where we're getting at these companies at relatively early stage, in most cases before commercialization. It seems to be something that's working for us. So, we can do more of these. We add more value and we're getting them at values that make sense. So, we're getting good returns on these. And we're spreading our risk across a number of these deals. And I would expect that to continue. And I think the most of the work of these tuck-ins, most of the volume rather, will come around our existing therapies and existing markets to augment them. And really, I look at it as an extension of our organic growth strategy because we're not buying growth here. We're buying technology. And then, kind of adding to that, whether it be additional technology or clinical science, and then making these standard of care around the world. So, that's going to be the lion's share of it. In terms of whitespace, this is something that we haven't signaled where we're always looking at new markets to better position the company to optimize our portfolio for growth. We start looking at whitespace, truly outside of the – when you kind of move outside of the tuck-in and these tend to be a little larger. And this really is something we're always looking at, if we think it's the right move to help our portfolio, but the focus is the tuck-ins.
Geoffrey Martha: Look, thanks, everybody for the great questions and really appreciate your support and the continued interest in in Medtronic. We hope that you'll join us again on our Q4 earnings webcast, which we anticipate holding on May 27 where we'll update you on our quarterly progress and look ahead to fiscal 2022. I know there's a lot of questions on 2022 today, so we'll get at that in our Q4 call.  So, thanks for tuning in today. And please stay healthy and safe. The vaccine is on the way. And have a great day. Thank you.
Sean Salmon: I'd say with 780G, what people are really enjoying about that is getting to stay in auto mode a lot longer. So, that leads to better glycemic control. With the early reports, people are in the kind of 90s in the postmarket realm for glycemic control, but more importantly, they're not getting interrupted to take blood sugars. That's cut down in half. They're able to sleep through the night with really good blood sugar control. And we measure things like net promoter score on a product level as well., and it's up about tenfold from what we saw – experienced over 670G. So, a very, very big improvement. And we're also seeing on the 670G, I think the transmitter which connects the CGM to the pump seems to function better than the way we used to connect that in 670G, so it's more reliable. And that coupled with being able to see your numbers in the phone has led to a better experience as well. And of course, that pipeline is upgradeable to not just the 780G, but also the new sensor pipeline you asked about and the extended wear infusion set. With regard to the Synergy, we've already filed suits that was filed in November. Synergy will be filed upon the completion of the manufacturing validation in summertime. So they will be separated by probably enough to make a difference where we're going to want to have both products in the market. But we'll sort that out. We don't need to launch if we don't need to launch it. But I think we're going to have a period of time where Zeus will precede Synergy for both pump integration as well as standalone use.
Sean Salmon: First of all, I'd say that we got affected by a few things in the quarter, mostly coming out of the holidays and into January. We saw the more elective parts of CVG slow down due to COVID. And also, where we had more concentrated kind of hospital clusters where, let's say you're in a tertiary care setting for, like, TAVR or cardiac surgery procedures. When you had cities shutting down because of COVID, we just had more of an impact on volume. It's come back a little bit, but for some weather here in the February timeframe, as Karen described. But I'd say, generally, the things that were moving the quarter were Micra, also TYRX, they were both really good, DCB is coming back. And the CRM portfolio, with the exception of tachy, which still has its replacement headwinds, was moving in the right direction. As I said, TAVI was a little slower than we had hoped quarter-on-quarter, but we think it's going to pick up momentum as we go forward into the next quarter. And of course, in coronary, while we gained share, we did have a $45 million headwind due to the China DES tender, which is going to recur every quarter until it annualizes.
Sean Salmon: Yeah, I'll have to get back to you with the specifics. But just in general, the VR is penetrating within that single chamber market a little bit more. And that's a phenomenon we see deeper in the US, we see outside the US. And the AV is driving growth for the most part, except for China, where we can introduce the VR. And that's starting to take off, it's only there, as well as in Japan. We only have the VR version. So, we have the AV coming in the third quarter of next year for Japan. So, we think that that's going to be a big growth driver for us to continue the Micra penetration. But there's headroom to grow. And of course, while we haven't touched the other market, which is the maybe block market and we have a future product for that atrial version of Micra yet to go. 
Sean Salmon: Josh, I guess I'll start with the edge to edge repair. That's based on a surgical procedure that isn't done as a standalone surgery anymore. And the reason for that is because you kind of leave – you sort of trade one disease for another, right? You bring those edges together and you fix the leak of the valve, but you leave behind basically a stenotic valve, which continues to partially leak. And the idea of replacing that valve or in the case of like a Half Moon, where you're basically replacing the back leaflet, you can eliminate MR completely, and also leave open future options to fix that valve, which you're cut off from in a clip technology. So, it doesn't really make sense for us to pursue something that has a couple players in it already and has some residual limitations. It makes more sense to go for repair solution that creates more options and does a better job of eliminating MR.  With regards to the Intrepid trial, we did change the endpoint in that trial and picked up a lot. It's Bayesian design. So, the enrollment will be dependent on some interim looks down the road. Enrollment did pick up. We continue to have some challenges where there are COVID hotspots at the individual center level, but it's continuing along.  And then, the last question on left atrial appendage, I guess kind of like the first one. Unless you have a really differentiated technology that brings more to the party, it's not something that we're going to pursue just me-too products in. We have obviously some interest in that space, but it has to be a technology that really matters and brings a difference to the patient and the clinicians.
Sean Salmon: No, you've got a lot, Geoff. And we also have the [indiscernible] market, venous stenting, so little ones that are there. The replacement headwinds within tachy that I mentioned go away in the coming year, which is good. And of course, PFA is a disruptive ablation technology from what we've got coming. The device linked to it as it expands its availability and moves into heart failure is a growth driver. TAVR will continue to be a great growth driver for us. And then, of course, we've got the [indiscernible] franchises in the longer term horizon.
