Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks, Robbie. Okay. I saw three parts there. I’m going to ask Karen to chime in to help me here on this one, but provide some details. But on the miss, like we said in the commentary, the primary issue is the pace of the recovery and there is the two buckets. There is the pace of our supply recovery, which we did make quite a bit of progress there and they got over the most acute issues that were plaguing us, but happened a little – it happened late in the quarter and pushed out our momentum, which gets to the second part of your question, which is the effects the guide down. The other bucket is part of your second question as well as on the markets. Many of our businesses are back, the majority of them are back to the pre-COVID level of their markets. But there are some that are not. And I’ll let Karen walk through those and we were – we just overstated what that market recovery would be, and we will walk you through those and how those impact the second quarter – the second half. Karen, do you want to...
Geoff Martha: Just a little bit more color on the VBP. I mean we had visibility to these national tenders, and we factored that in earlier in the year. But what we didn’t have real good visibility to some of these provincial tenders that came out here in the last couple of months. And that’s part of the change in the guidance. And to Karen’s point, look, longer-term, we still think China is a growth market, but it’s not right now, and we factored that into our guidance.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks for the question, Vijay. Let me take the – well, I’ll take the share loss question first and then I’ll get to the back half and maybe I have Karen talk to that one as well. But in SI, our surgical innovations, this – first of all, this is a contracted business with health systems and mainly us and our main competitor in that space. And in the past, there have been circumstances when the shoe is on the other foot when our competitor had a recall and have had recalls. And we did the same thing where we got picked up some incremental revenue and some share because the two big competitors are make-up the majority of what the hospitals are buying in the surgery space, but these hospitals do honor these contracts. There is a lot that goes into them and that revenue went back after the supply situation was resolved. And so that – we’ve seen that over the years on multiple times. So these are contracted – like I said, contracted business for us. And based on our dialogue, with the health systems, we’re confident this is going to come back as our supply, which we mentioned. We did get past the most acute part of our supply issues in the Surgical Innovations business, was this packaging issue. It did come later in the quarter and slower momentum, but we do have momentum now, and you should see that business recover. On the back half, I’ll ask Karen to...
Geoff Martha: Yes. So I mean, beyond the supply returning, the back half, as Karen walked through a lot of it, is really powered by very tangible things beyond supply, product-related they are tangible and compelling.
Geoff Martha: I didn’t hear the very last part of it, does Medtronic – but the answer to your question is yes. I mean, the mid-single-digit growth, we will exit the year at mid-single digits. You see throughout this year, you’re seeing the acceleration from the first quarter, which was the depth of our supply issues. We’re really in a tough spot. We were down minus 4%. Then this past quarter, on an organic basis, up 2% and then Karen walked you through the back half guide. But we exited the year at mid-single digits, and we believe that’s durable. Like I said, based on these product launches that are here now immediate drivers and then we – Karen brought up a list of things that are already kind of tangible in the back half, but there is a number of other things that are still coming. The Aurora EV-ICD, PFA and Afib and Inceptiv with ECAPs and our SCS business and then there is the whole diabetes discussion with those products coming on in the U.S. in the next year. And the Hugo ramp will go on for a while. So there is a number of things that keep us going. And so that’s why we feel good about the mid-single digit. Thank you, Vijay. Next question please, Ryan. 
Geoff Martha: Okay. There seems to be a problem, Matt, with your audio. Maybe we will take the next question, Brad, and then we will try to come back to Matt.
Geoff Martha: Cardiac Rhythm business has done well and we expect it to continue to do well with products like Micra and EVICD, but also pioneering conduction system pacing, and we have got a nice pipeline there and really a strong leadership team and strong position. So, thanks for the question Matt.
Geoff Martha: Sure. I will ask Karen to comment on the procedure trends through the quarter and then we can talk to the staffing issue.
Geoff Martha: Yes. So, just to highlight what Karen is saying there, I mean we were disappointed that we missed the call on this one for the Q2. And so now in our guidance, we have assumed a prolonged recovery here, especially for those segments that we called out, not all the segments. Like we said, many of the segments are back to pre-COVID, but there are a handful on those electives and developed markets that we have called out and Karen walked you through the assumption for the back half of the year. In terms of the staffing, I hear that dynamic in some of the cardiology space is more than others. And maybe have Sean comment on that.
Geoff Martha: Our capital, first of all, isn’t a huge piece yet of our revenue. But it is – it tends to be tied to profitable procedures, and we actually had a strong capital performance in last quarter. And especially in our Cranial & Spinal Technology’s business, CST, our capital there, we had a number of our – whether it would be navigation, inter-operative imaging, had record capital quarters for us. So, we are – we definitely see a bit of – it takes a little longer to close a deal, but the demand as you are working with the hospital and how they are going to pay or finance this, but we are having strong demand in those areas. And then, of course, we mentioned Hugo. Hugo is still new for us, but we are very happy with the placements we have been able to make on Hugo here. Of course, those are outside the U.S., but very pleased with that.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Joanne. Yes, like I said, we have good news on Hugo. We are kicking off the U.S. IDE with our first case is scheduled for December based on getting these instruments enhancements approved. And like I just said to Pito, we are pleased with the system placements. And in terms of the other color or commentary on that, I will ask Bob White to chime in.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks Ryan. Well, first of all, thank you everybody for the questions. And we do really appreciate your support and continued interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q3 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on February 21. So with that, thanks again for tuning in today. Please stay healthy and safe. I understand there is a lot of people traveling this holiday. And for those of you in the U.S., I would like to wish you and your families a very happy Thanksgiving.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, and thanks, Robbie. So let me talk about it more broadly than your question to, Robbie because I know you asked a specific question on procedure growth. So I’ll talk about that and a little bit more broadly. So just on those two buckets. First, on our markets, some of our markets have not returned to normal growth levels and this does account for about – for over half of the reduction in our second half guide. You talked about competitors. You have heard from some of our competitors about a slow recovery in the neuro market and the TAVR market. And we are also seeing a slow recovery in basic coronary PCIs and some general surgery procedures that we mentioned in the commentary. And because these markets have not accelerated as quickly as we had anticipated, we decided to assume volumes in the back half remain at Q2 levels. If those volumes improve in those markets, that would be upside. We also talked about related to markets that we’re expecting additional provincial tenders in China. And those were ones that we believed would occur next fiscal year and are occurring sooner, particularly in stapling and cardiac ablation. And then on the second bucket of supply that Geoff mentioned, we, obviously, did see meaningful improvement over the second quarter. But some of that happened late in the quarter, as we said, and that pushes out our assumptions for share recapture. For example, and particularly in SI, while we were short on supply, our competitor benefited. They stepped in to fill the shelves with our customers. We’re under long-term contracts with those customers, so we will gain our share back. There is just a lag while the shelf inventory comes down. So hopefully, that gives you some context on our guide this morning. But just to summarize, in addition to our assumptions on market growth, we assume incremental contribution from products that we’ve recently launched and supply that has recently improved. On your question on FY’24, it’s still early. We have two quarters to go, and we’re at the beginning of our planning process. So we’re not going to give FY’24 guidance on this call. But I will say a few things, including currency because that was your question. First, on the top line, you can see that we expect to exit the year with mid-single-digit growth, and that’s a great place to start the following year. Second, down the P&L, we’re still in a challenging operating environment with inflation, interest rates and currency, as you mentioned. And on currency, we now estimate that to be a $0.36 headwind on the bottom line in FY’24. And that’s, obviously, worse than the $0.18 that I mentioned for FY’23. And third, we’re purposely driving significant expense reduction given these headwinds and given our focus on continuing to drive long-term investments for the company. So we’ve got several puts and takes for next fiscal year, and we plan on giving you more on FY’24 as we move through the back half.
Karen Parkhill: And on your China VBP question, Travis, about 15% to 20% of our back half guide down is due to the incremental China VBP being pulled forward from next year from our perspective from what we had assumed. China declined 9% in the second quarter. And that was because of an impact of VBP and spine. For the rest of this fiscal year, we don’t expect China to be a material growth driver for us. And in fact, for the full year, we’re expecting low single-digit declines in China. That said, as we look forward into FY’24, we will continue to have some VBP, but I think the vast majority will be behind us, and China should be a contributor of growth again next fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. When we look at our back half ramp, we have new products. We’ve got TAVR with Evolut FX that Sean has mentioned, was only in the market for a month in Q2. So we expect continued growth from that. We’ve got Hugo starting to ramp. We’ve got our Harmony valve returning to the market. We’ve also got our diabetic painful neuropathy opportunity that will be driving more in the back half. and we’ve got supply returning. We’ve got supply returning for our LINQ II product in our cardiac diagnostics and also better supply in SI and ICDs. And we’ve got reduced headwinds. Our sale events and aortic graphs are normalizing. So, all of those things really lead to the back half ramp. Hopefully, that’s helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So, I would say, through the quarter, we did see, particularly in the markets that we had mentioned not as robust recovery, but some recovery. But as we ended the quarter with less robust recovery, we are just assuming that in those areas, those procedures stay where they were in the back half. We will see if that’s a good assumption or not. As we look at the first few weeks of our current quarter – of the third quarter, we are seeing improvement from the second quarter. So, that’s pointing to some good things, but we will see.
Sean Salmon: Yes. Travis, we think we took about a 0.5 point of share for that for the full quarter, and it was really driven by the late – the last month of the quarter where we picked up some of that momentum in October with the launch of the Evolut FX we’re in about 400 accounts of that so far. So we’ve got some room to run there for the back half of the year, but that is very strong. I think the underlying market is still in the kind of high singles area. And I think that, that’s really, as you know, just conspired against by the resource intensity that’s required. You get this whole chain of events where you have to have a patient go through imaging prior to their eventual procedure, and there is a lot of hand us along the way. So those dynamics are continuing to play out around the world, but probably more in Europe and France and Germany than we see in other countries. And then we had a little bit of slowness on our own through Japan. Japan had a flare of COVID the summer, which was difficult. And we also had a problem where there was a sheet that we use for the procedure that we don’t make that became unavailable because of supply challenges, and that led to some share loss in Japan. But overall, the TAVR is really strong for us with FX launching, and we’re excited about back half to get to a full release of that product into all the accounts.
Sean Salmon: Yes, you said it well, Geoff. And Josh, you are right. The totality of the data is really the strength of this program compared to just about any other new therapy I can think of there is really not a lot of comparisons for just how much good data we have here. It’s over 3,000 patients in the real world data on top of the sham-controlled randomized studies. And importantly, we did a patient preference study, which is getting more and more considered by payers because they know that patients have a say in what they want to go do. And there is a large majority of patients that prefer having a procedure versus adding just even one more drug. And of course, we can get their blood pressure down without the addition of drugs, which is a huge benefit. I will remind you also that Ardian was a breakthrough device had that designation and in the world of MSET [ph] ruling that would have met automatic coverage. We don’t know yet what the TSET pathway is going to look like. We will find out more about that in the fall timeframe, I suppose, or in the spring timeframe. But we do think that the novelty of this therapy, the desire of patients, and of course, the public health benefit that this can provide is going to be compelling to both public and private payers around the world.
Sean Salmon: Yes. Matt, I think if you just recall how that study was done the patients were witnessed taking their blood pressure medicine in the morning. And whether they were taking that for the full six months or not, or they just took it that day, you saw the change in blood pressure that was during the daytime not what we have seen before in these prior trials. But at night time, there was still a reduction in ambulatory. So, I think the simple story here is that patients weren’t taking their medications, except on the game day and their blood pressure drops. Now, we don’t know that for sure, we didn’t test blood in urine every day. We just test it on game day. And we know that there were more medications in the patients that were in the control arm than in the treated arm. And as Geoff said, the changes increasing medication, decreasing medication, taking even medications for blood pressure that weren’t even prescribed maybe from their medicine cabinet, maybe from their spouse or partners medicine cabinet. There is a lot of changes in medicine, which we know were present different than the prior studies. We actually have that proof now that we can measure the drug metabolites. So, a cleaner, if you will, measure is that morning blood pressure, we took the office blood pressure. And that blood pressure is the one that’s used for all the epidemiology studies that show what the reduction in blood pressure means for the avoidance of events and reduction of cost. And it’s also the primary endpoint that’s gotten just about every – I think maybe every pharmaceutical approved for the treatment of high blood pressure. So, it is the robust standard. In fact ambulatory is not even reimbursed in this country. So, it’s not used routinely in clinical practice. So, it is a robust measurement that was consistently performed throughout this trial and across the other trials that we have done. So, I am confident in that part. In terms of the market size, we are very confident in this therapy. There is 1 billion people with blood pressure problems around the world, even if very small amount gets you to the kind of market growth that we think is going to be meaningful for the company. So, we are very confident in this therapy and that is approval and ultimate uptake.
Sean Salmon: Yes. So, for Micra, we continue to grow, and you saw 18% globally, 40% of that was from international sales. And really Japan and China, in particular, really drove that growth and continued success. And we will see continued penetration in international markets and in the U.S. and a shift between single chamber to the AV device, which can pick up a larger proportion of patients. It’s about 30% of the market there. And in the next 12 months, we are going to refresh both the VR and the AV devices in the coming year around the world. So, while we have some competition in the United States, we fared pretty well. I think the ease of use of our micro device in the long-term data that we have as well as just the familiarity with our system has made it pretty durable. On Aurora EVICD, as you know, we have got CE Mark coming up. That’s a little bit of a different technique. You have got to put a lead underneath the breast bone, which takes some training to learn and we will be very meticulous in the way we roll that out. But make no mistake that is a product that really offers a huge benefit, getting leads out of the heart, having half the size in the can and twice the battery life compared to the other device that realm and being able to voice shock by pacing people out of their fatal arrhythmia as opposed to having to have a painful shock. Those are all really, really welcome improvements, and we are excited to roll that technology out first in Europe and then the United States next year.
Sean Salmon: Yes. I would say a couple of things on that. First of all, there is – you take a therapy like TAVR, where there is multiple handoffs. You have to have pre-imaging. You have to get the patient worked up. They get their procedure done. And then there are sometimes even post imaging that’s done. So, a lot of handoffs and the patients tend to be elderly. So, there is – you want to sure you schedule that in a way that’s okay, that they can get it all done in an efficient way. We don’t want them exposed to the healthcare environment for a long time. And I think that’s challenging. It’s also true that you can’t wait forever. You have got – with severe aortic stenosis, there is about an 80% mortality rate for 2 years from your diagnosed that. So, it’s more lethal than cancer, for example, most cancers. So, it’s not something you can put off forever, but it is resource intensive. And I think the other thing we are seeing with staffing just in general is, there is a prioritization for patients that can get in and out relatively quickly so they can make downstream staffing available. So, whether it’s ICU recovery or you have got even transport to kind of move. And I think there is some arbitrage in some countries even on the margin that they make on those procedures. Cardiac surgeries have grown like a 5.5% for us, so very robust. There is a lot of margin that comes out of cardiac surgery patients. They tend not to be as deferrable as, say, like a PCI patient, for example. So, we hear it in pockets. I mentioned before, France and Germany seem to be some places that are really struggling with staffing in Europe, and we see it just in pockets around the United States and other places. So, it is a dynamic situation, and we think it has gotten better, certainly a lot of places, but not everywhere yet.
