Gary Ellis: Okay. Well, with respect to the debt levels, I think everyone’s well aware to finance the transaction at this point. We’ve changed instead of using our o-US cash and bringing that we’re using that as part of the transaction, we will finance the entire cash component of the transaction, which is basically about $16 billion that we’re going to need to finance now. That will be both through some bank debt and obviously going to the capital markets. We’ve thoroughly had the discussions with the rating agencies around that. We’ve taken a look at the finance and that’s well within our ability to do. We don’t think that should be any issue. Obviously, it will result in slightly lower ratings from the agencies but still well inline with our expectations. We expect over time that we’ve kind of committed to the fact that we want to maintain, get it done kind of a three times leverage, which I think will occur over the first few years as we get the synergies and as we drive the growth in the business. We think the leverage levels will be -- probably we can maintain kind of with those levels and be very, very comfortable going forward and give us the financial flexibility we need as an organization. So obviously, as much as we prefer to be using our own cash with the transaction, the ability to go and use outside debt to finance this transaction fits very well into the financials and our expectations moving ahead. So that -- we don’t think that’s going to have much of an impact on our overall cash flexibility. As far as the capital allocation goes, as we indicated, when we did the transaction, we still are committed to return the 50% free cash flow to shareholders, that’s where our commitment still remains. But as we indicated, when we talk about the transaction, just getting access to the Covidien of both U.S. and o-U.S. cash improves our cash availability in the U.S. dramatically from around 35% to 40% that we have right now to above 60% as we go forward. And so that clearly improves our flexibility and gives us the ability as we take a look at the combined companies going forward on what we might do with capital allocation or reinvesting back in United States. And as we indicated, that was one of the key factors for the transaction and the structure we came up with is to improve that overall flexibility as we move ahead. So, we have not changed our capital allocation, but obviously we’ll have increased flexibility as we move forward after the transaction closes, and we’ll have to evaluate that as we get together as a combined company.
Gary Ellis: All right. Well, as we indicated, obviously, as far as the transaction goes, the combination of Medtronic and Covidien, our expectations as we look at this have been as we indicated and it will be basically cash earnings per share neutral to accretive in the first year and obviously GAAP accretive by the third year going forward, and we still -- that's assuming the synergies and everything else that we played out. So we still have that expectation. To be honest with you, as far as beginning and exactly what the impact of foreign exchange is on the combined entities, we’re just starting to get into the details that really put together our detailed FY '16 types of plans and trying to assess what that will be mean as we go forward, obviously fine tuning the synergies and all those details. So to have -- to indicate what the FX impact is, I don’t have an answer for that at this point in time as we move ahead. But you’re absolutely right, I mean, clearly FX and where it’s at right now both for Medtronic and for Covidien, for any company obviously that’s operating internationally, it’s a headwind that we’re going to be have to be facing and dealing with. We obviously have had a hedging program in place which is more than what they’ve done, they have done some, but not as much as we’ve done. And we’ll have to evaluate that and determine what the impact is as we get into, but I don’t have any detailed answers at this point in time to give any specifics on what that impact could be for FY '15 or obviously FY '16.
Gary Ellis: No. It should be on non-GAAP number, is what you should base on. What we have done is, we’ve assumed that, based on what our non-GAAP normal tax rate is in there, if you blend those together and then assume, as we indicated approximately 2% benefit from the financing, that’s kind of a roughly where we expect. But, obviously, there is a lot of moving parts there that are outside even our control. I mean, what happens if the R&D tax credit, all these different things will have impact on where their rate is. But generally just take our two rates blend them together and it’s a 2 percentage point improvement on the top of that.
Gary Ellis: No. I mean, I think you said it well, I mean, the teams are clearly are down in the detail, so versus something that was kind of high level estimate when we put together. Obviously, we have much more detail plans around that number at this point in time as Omar indicated. We feel comfortable still about getting to the $850 million, there is upside, we will communicate on that when we get to that point. But we -- there is nothing gives us any pause on $850 million at this point.
Gary Ellis: I don’t want to go into specifics on their regulatory process here other than to say that as far as we are concerned, they are all on track. We haven’t got an approval yet. So there are still steps to kind of go through. But the fact that we called the shareholders meeting, we’ve got a date for it says that we’ve got some confidence that this will flow according to our original projections but it isn’t done yet. So we will have to kind of see how it progresses.
Gary Ellis: Yeah. As we indicated, obviously the biggest impact on the quality and it is basically obviously converting resources into the quality area to focus on it, from both in neuro and diabetes. We continue to make sure that we are making all the investment necessary to get that accomplish this. It’s a high priority across the organization and so it’s top of mind. And as a result of that, my expectation right now is I would say diabetes, I think is probably getting closer to having theirs kind of resolved and completed. And so I think that will probably start to lessen, as we get in here probably even in Q3 and Q4. I think neuro will continue probably for the rest of the year as our expectation because then as we get into FY ’16, I think you will start to see that dropping as they continue to implement their various programs. But I think, Neuro will continue for a period of time at least for the rest of fiscal year until we get into next year but they’re making progress. I think the teams feel good about where they’re at but it has been costly and something that we give a high priority to as we move ahead. So I think you’ll see some improvement as you go in the back half of the year. But I think that headwind still need to be part of this year and then obviously improvement as you get into FY ‘15.
Omar Ishrak: Well frankly I am targeting even higher than that Mike, but it’s true that we’ve said that mid-teens is our baseline expectations. And I think we’ve had a little bit of a tough couple of quarters in emerging markets in relative terms because of some changes we made in distribution and also some difficult comparisons as well. We expect to get to mid-teens in the emerging markets quite shortly because there is a balance here. Some of the emerging markets are doing very well, others are under pressure, and it so happened that Central and Eastern Europe, which was a big driver of growth had a lot of pressure in the past three or four quarters that’s coming back. China had to return to double digit this quarter, and we expect China to continue in that range. India has been a problem, and it’s going to take a little while to sort out. It’s primarily around our distribution channels, but that has a fairly small impact right now on our overall numbers. And Latin America is coming pretty strong, growing well over 15% in fact so. This is a balance of different countries here, which have different profiles. I think it’s fair to look at this in a yearly basis as opposed to a quarterly basis. And I think that’s the way we are looking at it, and we are pretty confident that on an annual basis getting around the mid-teens is a realistic objective. But as I have mentioned earlier in all seriousness, I’ll challenge the team that the opportunity there in terms of the under penetrated market amongst people who can afford the care really deserves growth higher than that. So, it’s not quite that simple though to get all those different constituents together, and it’s going to take a little while. But the opportunity is clearly there. I think mid-teens is still a very realistic and achievable annual goal. We’ll have quarter-over-quarter fluctuations simply given the breadth of geographies we’re dealing with.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah. First, you are right to point out that the gross margin has been under pressure for a variety of reasons over the past several quarters. And although the range that we talked about is still the range that is realistic and we think achievable. I’d like to point out that given the mix of products and the mix of businesses that we are now -- that’s now in our current planning, the operating margin number on which the leverage is build is a more reasonable metric to look at as opposed to the gross margin. The gross margin is really only a portion what contributes to the overall operating margin. And now given our services and solutions business scale that we are getting in NGC, the lower SG&A that will result from that with a lower gross margin, will result in positively growing operating margins. So that’s the number that we are more increasingly focused on looking at. We are not losing side of the gross margin from a pricing perspective in our products, which we will absolutely still monitor. But the operating margin itself is probably some more meaningful indicator for us. And going forward, Covidien, we’ll have to take a look at the combined company, which we are beginning to do. I think clearly as our growth rate goes higher, significantly higher then the leverage is something we’ll have to look at as to what’s reasonable amount. I think the absolute EPS leverage is the number perhaps to look at that stage, but right now we are still sticking to our commitment, which we still have to prove that we can deliver, that grow consistently at mid single-digits, deliver the leverage that we’ve talked about and only after we’ve reliably established that and are confident that the growth rate can reliably be higher than that, can we talk about different kinds of leverage. So those are the two points. First, let’s focus on operating margin on an overall basis. Second, let’s deliver a few more quarters of what we’ve talked about as our baseline expectations and then we’ll think of change profile potentially and then the Covidien adds more mix of that. Yeah. Go ahead.
Omar Ishrak: I am going to let, Mike Coyle talk about the dynamics. What I will say that from my perspective, when I look at the overall execution of our businesses in terms of this new product launches. I really, I'm encouraged and quite pleased. I think the team has by and large met their commitments, not only in terms of dates but in terms of the traction that these products have achieved. Their inter quarter dynamics, there are other factors here which relate to the exact share position or the growth numbers on a short-term basis. But the real meaningful indicators that I looked at and the team has clearly executed so. But, Mike, may be you can give some more color to the market.
Omar Ishrak: One comment that I can make on this is that look with Covidien, given the breadth of manufacturing facilities, again we don’t want to kind of just create one just for FX. But if it makes sense, given the diversity of manufacturing locations and the spread of cost globally, I think over the long-term, this is not a short-term, I mean over the long-term, we can plot, not a hedging, but a more balanced strategy on FX that will give us some protection. So I think the addition of Covidien actually gives us that added flexibility, which over the long-term if you plan it carefully might help us.
Omar Ishrak: I think, first of all, the planning is going very well. We’ve got detail list now of when the -- when we are going to expect to get some of these savings. We’ve risk assessed difference levels of savings and we feel pretty comfortable with the $800 million number. I think it’s premature for us to talk about upsides at this stage to that number. We do have a good funnel of opportunities. But our basic priorities around preserving the two businesses and their growth profiles, their R&D expenditure, the commercial presence, I think that remains and that’s important for us to protect. As you go further and further away from the customer and non-customer facing areas. Clearly there are opportunities and we are building a list, some of this will take a little longer to translate, they’ve got more risk associated with it. We don’t want to do anything that creates any supply disruption of our products, so we should be a little careful. So, again, I’m sorry, it just a little premature to talk about upside specifics. Only to say that we feel pretty good about the baseline number that we’ve committed and we’re looking further areas. Gary go ahead.
Omar Ishrak: Sure. I think, the diagnostic area is one that we are particularly focused on as a potential growth driver, not only for the product revenue that come with LINQ and with the SEEQ patch that we have, but also because its sort of the door for improving diagnosis of patients and then also getting actively involve in patient management. And so, we see service revenue opportunity associated with those products, as well as obviously, the product revenue. So, I’m not prepared to give you a quantification of how fast update the numbers that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting here earlier in the spring, but it clearly is going to -- have the potentially to be a $1 billion market, we will talk about at what time period that that’s going to play out. I think the thing that is very interesting about it is, well, it’s not only, obviously, the revenues that we are getting off of this particular product, but the fact that by essentially more than doubling the number of patients who are getting diagnosed for syncope. We typically get 8% or 9% pull-through on devices, pacemakers that get diagnosed, because these patients are getting effectively diagnosed with the LINQ product. So it’s helping us in multiple ways creating service revenue, creating product revenue and then actually driving devices revenue of which we get a differential share. And now on the quadripolar lead system, I think it’s important to sort of understand that this is a lead, but a device system that offers significant advantages over what was available in the market prior to its approvals from the standpoint that the Adaptive CRT algorithm, which minimizes biventricular pacing has been demonstrated to provide better outcomes in heart failure and now physicians no longer have to choose between having a quadripolar lead being able to select that algorithm. Secondly, the design of the lead itself, where we have this narrow dipole that some have been referring to as a tripole system, actually that narrowed dipole, is limiting the dispersion of current which is lowering the amount of phrenic nerve stimulation, which has been a problem with prior generation quadripolar lead. In addition, the fact that we have steroid on H1 gives us much better patient threshold for improving of longevity of the overall product. And then our 16 vector selection process using the VectorExpress program, basically allows high degree of efficiency to be brought into the procedure by in two minutes being able to tell what optimal vector is across 16 different options. So it really is a better product and that’s why we have seen share movement that we have seen in Japan and why we expect to see share capture here in the United States.
Omar Ishrak: We do, actually, yeah. The fact that if the system helps, it’s not a standalone sensor. But the fact that if the system and the system is regulating based on the sensor values, helps with that. So we really have here what is the therapy versus just a standalone component. And I think that helps drive the adoption of the CGM sensor.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah. Our sensor growth in the United States, actually, if you take a look at our overall sensor performance, just in the U.S., our sensors grew about 59% in Q2 and higher than that actually in Q1. So for the second consecutive quarter, we’ve been calculating share gain in the United States for sensors.
Omar Ishrak: We clearly welcome the repeal of the medical device tax. We have been close to this before and there is several compounding factors that haven’t allowed that to happen. Although I agree that right now, at least from what we hear, there is a fair amount of momentum and consensus to get this one through. I mean, I really cannot comment any further than that on that aspect. As far as the R&D tax credit is concerned, we expect an extension but it has to happen. I mean, I think we are hearing all the noises that that should happen shortly. But again, I mean, these things until they are absolutely done you cannot really guarantee it. So that’s where we stand. And in both cases, we are optimistic, perhaps more confident on the R&D tax credit because that’s happened before. With the medical device tax, it looks better than before but we will see. There are still many variables left here.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Well, thanks everyone for your questions. And with that and on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. And for those of you in the U.S., I want to wish you and your families a very happy Thanksgiving. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q3 call, which we anticipate holding on February the 17. Thank you and have a great day.
