Geoffrey Martha: Robbie, thanks for the questions. I'll let Karen answer the guide question and maybe I'll hit the robotics question.
Geoffrey Martha: Okay. So then maybe on the robotics question. I mean, let me first by saying, no, it's definitely not a demand issue. The demand remains high, higher than we can fill at this point. And we're continuing with our regulatory filings around the world. We're going to begin the U.S. IDE here very soon, and surgeons are continuing to do cases. We're doing so far, uro and gyne cases. And we're close to -- I think we're in any day now, like our first general surgery case. So -- and like I said, demand continues to build. So the issue that we're doing, this is more of a limited release phase. That's where we are right now. And we're focused on optimizing the user experience. And the issues that we're managing through are some supply chain issues and some initial manufacturing issues, and those are the issues that we're working through right now. And we're really focused on making sure that these initial experiences with surgeons are really good. And so that's the reason for the slower revenue this year. But then again, next year, we expect next fiscal year a really strong ramp.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks, Vijay. I'm going to turn this one over to Sean. But before I turn it over because both the Micra and the Ardian question fall in his world, I'll give you my short answer on Micra. Don't worry about Micra. Micra is doing really well. I'll let Sean provide a little more commentary on the FDA letter. And then on Ardian, look, we're -- and Sean will give you more details, but we're very confident about this. We've got a lot of data here. We've had a registry going for a long time. We're following a lot of patients, picking up a lot of data here. And I'll remind you that our trial wasn't designed to end early. I know some expectations got ramped up about it ending early. And we're confident on this one. And the patient preference, the FDA has seen the patient preference data, they work with us on this and patients really want this. FDA knows that. And look, I've been out myself in the last couple of months talking with -- and in the last couple of weeks, especially talking to a number of our investigators and this -- look, this works. This works and patients like it. And the FDA knows that, and we're confident in our trial. But I'll let Sean give you some more commentary on that. Sean, do you want to chime in here? You got to unmute.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure. On the environmental, yes, so like we said in the commentary, each month throughout our quarter, throughout our Q2, was better than the next. We didn't quantify that, and it got better into November. But the procedures have bounced back, but not as quickly as prior waves and not as fast as we hoped. There's definitely -- it's definitely a fluid situation, and it's gotten a little bit harder, more difficult to predict, right? Before, it was more of an epidemiology discussion around COVID cases and the severity of them and the impact to ICU beds. Now you've got this this critical staffing shortage in our -- in hospitals around the world. I mean, really particularly more so in the U.S., though, particularly this nursing shortage you hear about. And that's a little -- that's been a little bit more difficult to predict. And I think that's the thing that I'd say, surprised us a bit last quarter. And then finally, you've got some supply chain issues, which for us have been manageable so far. But as time goes on, that gets more difficult. So we took, I think -- Karen, walked through the guidance, I think we took a conservative approach here, particularly for our Q3 guide on that. But it's difficult to quantify all these things working together here. The COVID cases jumping back up like you've heard about in Europe, nursing shortages in the U.S. and then global supply chain issues. I think the hospitals are doing a good job managing the headwinds they have. And I think we've done a pretty good job. Our team has done a really good job on the supply chain issues. During COVID, we were able to build up inventory on some of these critical products. But as these issues drag on, it becomes more challenging, and that's why we've taken, I think, a bit of an appropriate position given the uncertainty for our Q2 guide, or Q3 guide rather, sorry.
Geoffrey Martha: Right. Well, so look, first of all, I'd say -- I should have mentioned this when I was answering Robbie's question. We did underestimate the supply chain -- some of the supply chain issues and early manufacturer issues in a complex program like that or like this, which was a complex program. And that's on us. We should have probably provided a little bit more cushion there because we really -- like we've said all along, we want to make sure that we're optimizing the customer experience here.  So in terms of how long this goes on, well, in terms of -- like, first of all, like we said, we're still having double-digit revenue this year, double-digit millions. And we didn't -- we're not quantifying the next year. But I'll tell you this, it will be a very healthy ramp-up this year. So like I said before, because we are -- cases are continuing, demand is building, we're continuing to get new regulatory filings that we filed for and expect approvals and starting our U.S. IDE soon. So there's a lot of activity going on here, a lot of good things, a lot of good feedback. And we just appropriately are optimizing, in my opinion, the end user or the customer experience here. And FY '23 will be a strong year for the robot.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, first on -- thanks for the question, Matt. I mean, obviously, the staffing issue is a hot topic. And I've been spending a lot of time with our team on this as well as our hospital customers. Look, these -- the hospitals are basically investing more in staffing. I mean that is, I think, one of the biggest issues here is then are the biggest opportunities. They're just -- they're paying more money for the staffing to get -- to incent people to come back. And the other thing that I see the hospital is doing, where we're spending a lot of time with them is adoption on more remote capabilities and business models. I mean in our world, things like managing your cardiac rhythm patients using remote technologies, so you don't have to come back into the hospital and get their device checks. We're doing that remotely. And I can go down the list to other of our therapies, like another one would be, and it's not in the U.S. yet, but in the NHS and U.K., they're using our PillCam. They've accelerated the use of the rollout of PillCam to do colonoscopy, diagnostic colonoscopies for their patients because they've built up a long waiting list of people who are getting colonoscopy. So I see hospitals -- one, and it's not a sustainable situation, but short term, providing bonuses and incentives. And two, much more rapidly adopting some of -- in our case, I mean, and they're working with other industry players as well to adopt things that are more remote, and they're prioritizing therapies that have less complications that result in less hospitalizations and return hospitalization. So I mean it's not an overnight solution, but they're aggressively working this. I mean no one likes to cancel a TAVR case because there's nobody to monitor the ICU bed or cover the care. So nobody wants to do that. And so they're moving fast on this. And like I said, we're seeing progress here even in our results into November, But it is fluid, and that's why we've taken the approach we've taken on the guide.  I don't know if you have anything to add, Karen, to that. No. She's saying no. So I don't have more for you, Matt. This one is a tough one.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, I'm not sure if there's a question underneath the question. But yes, I think consumers have been much more engaged in healthcare. And this is something that's weighing into our strategy. You saw that we rebranded Medtronic here last quarter and gone to a different look in engineering in the extraordinary. That's part of a first step to us more aggressively directly reaching out to consumers and educating them about our therapies. I mean things like PillCam, Genius, which I just talked about, things like cryoablation as a first-line indication for Afib. They don't want to be on these regimen of drugs. And so we historically have relied on our specialist physician partners like in the case of cryoablation on Afib, it's been electrophysiologists to kind of "build up our referral pathways in our markets." Now I think given the changes in technology, the miniaturization, which leads to less invasiveness, the connectivity of our devices, the better efficacy, we're moving up in the line -- in the food chain here closer to first line, like I mentioned in Afib. And some of our businesses are already there, more of a consumer business like diabetes and pelvic health for overactive bladder. So you're going to see us more engaging consumers and directly. And the reason we're bullish on this is, one, like I said, the therapies have changed, less invasive, more efficacious in some cases, just a better solution clinically proven than pharma, which is the typical first-line indication. The other thing that we're seeing getting to your question is, like I said, here's a proof point on consumers more engaging. Like on our Ardian trial, we -- this trial filled up really quickly, enrolled really quickly, all through consumers opting in through our digital marketing efforts in social media efforts in the Ardian trial, consumers self-enrolled. That's a first for us. And so we are seeing much more engagement from consumers and in their care. And through -- they're using the Internet and digital platforms to get that education, and that's changing our strategy.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, look, it's -- like I said, it's hard to predict, Matt, the timing. But like I was just with one of our bigger customers in the South of the United States like 1.5 weeks ago, and they had a couple of -- and it was a cardiologist that had a couple of TAVR cases canceled that day. And there's a huge sense of urgency because of the nursing shortage. So they have a huge sense of urgency in correcting that issue. And like I said, they are prioritizing moving nurses. First of all, they're getting more aggressive with their staffing strategies to attract and retain staff. They're reallocating resources around the hospital, the health system, if you will, to get more nurses into these critical care areas. They're pushing certain cases out to ASCs. We're seeing growth in surgical centers, where they need less staff to do these cases. So we're seeing them aggressively make these, I'll call it, reallocation of resources, and we're helping them as much as we can in these areas. So I -- look, the -- like you said, you can't defer these cases. First of all, I don't know how -- I don't like -- I've never liked the term elective, I think it's more deferrable. And you can only defer some of these cases so long as you pointed out. And so people are innovating. Hospital systems are innovating here. And I just don't -- it's really hard to predict. I mean like I said, last quarter, we underestimated the impact of the nursing shortage. Like I said, we're seeing improvement, but -- and we've taken a conservative guide in our fiscal Q3 in particular, but it's really difficult for us to provide much more specifics than that.
Geoffrey Martha: Well, Chris, thanks for the question. And you're right, the Q2 was a U.S. story for us. I mean the other regions performed well, especially our emerging markets, we're seeing really strong growth in emerging markets. But Europe performed well as well in other developed markets last quarter. Now in the last few days and weeks, you're hearing in Europe about certain countries pulling back on elective cases. I really don't see this to be long lived here, given the vaccination status in these countries, the high vaccination rates in most of these countries and other new therapies like the oral antiviral therapies coming online. So I don't see it taking too long there directly from COVID, and we've reflected that in our guidance.
Geoffrey Martha: Rick, well, thanks for the question. And maybe last but definitely not least here, and I appreciate the question. And look, I'm -- it's a great question. And I'm very bullish on where we stand, and I'll walk you through why. I mean, yes, COVID and this nursing -- the critical staffing shortage like highlighted by this nursing shores in the U.S. and just spending a lot of time talking about vaccines and vaccine mandates, yes, it is a bit of a distraction, but I am very happy about our bigger picture here. We've -- one, what I really like is to structurally how we've made the company smaller on the front end, if you will, with these 20 operating units and the clarity that we have into the end markets and the dynamics what the customers are really asking for, what the competitors are doing, and we've got a really good handle on our pipeline by each of these operating units. And we have gotten more aggressive in funding these businesses and holding them accountable to making the right choices and prioritizing innovation and innovating faster. So I feel really good about that. And my team, we spend a lot of time looking at these operating units and making these judgment calls, what is the appropriate funding? What does a good pipeline look like, how should we feel about the competition? And it's not just like me sitting around talking to an operating leader, it's my team, different portfolio leaders even if it's -- the business is not in their portfolio, asking tough questions because every incremental dollar funding we put in one business is one less dollar we put in another business. So the rigor around this and the constructive debate and the diversity of thought coming from the different people, it's leading to better decisions and the energy route inside the company and around the company is palpable. I mean we're getting -- our employee scores remain high despite all the burnout and everything and is affecting employees, but still we've got great scores and feedback we're getting -- attracting talent like never before. We've had a 50% spike in our -- and people applying for jobs at Medtronic the market share situation is going well. And so look, we've got a lot to do here. We've got some big drivers that we've got to show. We've got to bring this robot program and ramp this. Already in -- we've got to get that data back and ramp that. We've got the diabetes turnaround. We're seeing -- we can see it. You can just see it off in the horizon. You can see the products doing so well in Europe and other parts of the world. We've got to get that in the United States. But we're making this progress. And that's why I feel good.  And culturally, you're seeing a level of competitiveness and accountability. So like this quarter, revenue didn't come in where we want it, we wanted but we still had an operational beat on EPS and we're holding EPS guidance for the rest of the year. That's the kind of company that we want to be. Disappointed about the miss on revenue. There's some environmental factors. But quite honestly, I was hoping that we could overcome all of those we weren't quite able to this quarter, but just to get some color commentary on how we think about it, that's how we're thinking about it.  And we're going to -- I know we're doing the right things. We're going to stay the course. We're going to keep making these investments, keep holding ourselves accountable to being like the undisputed technology leader and growing above the market. That's where we want to go. And so optimistic about where we're going in that direction. So with that...
Geoffrey Martha: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for the questions. We definitely appreciate your support and your ongoing interest in Medtronic. And we hope that you'll join us for our Q3 earnings webcast, which we anticipate will be on -- we'll be holding this on February 22, where we'll update you on our progress. And Ryan will kick off that call standing outside of our world headquarters here in Minneapolis, again, without a coat on. He's promised us that no matter what the weather. So with that, thanks for watching today. Please stay healthy and safe over the holiday. And for those of you in the U.S., I'd like to wish you and your families a very Happy Thanksgiving.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Robbie. And you know what, I'm going to -- for the guide, I'm going to walk you through the quarters a bit to help give you and set the context. And I'm going to start with Q2 because versus -- if you look at versus pre-pandemic levels or 2 years ago, our growth in Q2 was about 1% organically. It was a little below peers, but you got to keep in mind that our inventory levels were lower back then because that was before we made the change to bulk purchasing. So if you adjust for that inventory issue and a little bit of a tougher comp, our Q2 growth was in the 2% to 3% range versus pre-pandemic levels. And if you look at it sequentially, our revenue from Q1 to Q2 declined less than 2%, and that was while most of our peers saw declines of 3% to 5%. So our performance in Q2, we believe, is in line -- at least in line with what we're seeing from our peers. And then if you look at Q3 in our guidance, we're expecting that same 2% to 3% growth as we saw in Q2 versus the pre-pandemic levels. And yes, that equates to a slight deceleration from what we saw in October. And we're encouraged by what we've seen in October and into November. But given the dynamic environment, we focus on wanting to err on the side of caution with our Q3 guide. And then for Q4, we're assuming normal sequential seasonality just because it's our fiscal year-end. So you'll see sequential improvement in Q4. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Cecilia. I'm happy to take that. So the $400 million operating profit drag that we talked about earlier this year was not just Hugo. It was both Hugo and Ardian, and the important investments we're making in those big product launches for us. And so we will continue to have more expense on those products in FY '23. It is too early to give you a signal because we still have 2 quarters to go this fiscal year, and we're just beginning our planning process for next fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: Matt, I might add. I know you're all trying to figure out how long this will last. And if you just look at -- if we just look at the recent trends in November, we saw some good upticks last month, particularly in cardio. Now we don't know if that's because it's preholiday pre-Thanksgiving, but we are seeing some good encouraging trends.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So -- and I just want to emphasize something that Geoff said before I go to gross margin, Rick. And that is despite the challenges that we've had from COVID, our R&D investment is not coming down. And we said at the beginning of the year, we were increasing that 10%, and we still fully intend to do that. So we're offsetting our headwinds in a different way when it comes to delivering the bottom line. Also, on gross margin, yes, our gross margin was better than expected. We're really pleased with that. We're -- we've got a very concerted effort to improve our operations and to lead to better gross margin. We're focused on getting our gross margin back to pre-COVID levels. And from there, at least sustaining it and hopefully improving it. And if you look at just the year-over-year, we're still focused on that 2.5 points to 3 points of improvement in gross margin this fiscal year. And when I think about longer term, I would just say to you that nothing has changed from our focus on delivering that 5%-plus revenue growth and that 8% plus bottom line growth. And I would say that includes next fiscal year in FY '23, even given some of these headwinds that we've talked about today.
