Karen L. Parkhill: Yes, it doesn't really impact the tax rate longer term. We continue to expect a 17% cash tax rate, both for the rest of this fiscal year and likely going forward.
Karen L. Parkhill: Mike, we remain focused on delivering on our commitment of double-digit EPS growth, and there's no way that we can get there without meaningful margin improvement. So we are focused on it, and we have plans in place in the near-term around Covidien synergies and then beyond Covidien synergies in the longer-term to continue on that effort.
Karen L. Parkhill: And, David, I would just add, you had mentioned U.S. growth being stable. In the third quarter with U.S. growth at 3.5%, that represented a meaningful improvement over the last couple of quarters.
Karen L. Parkhill: Yeah, I can't speculate on anything potential in the future because any potential cash inflow will depend on the circumstances and the timing unique to that situation. But just to reiterate our capital allocation philosophy in general, we do remain focused on both reinvestment and return to our shareholders. I did note around the Puerto Rico proceeds that debt paydown does remain a near-term priority, but we will also continue to focus on acquisition strategy and to allocate additional resources to share repurchase when appropriate.
Karen L. Parkhill: ...we will be implementing that next year. The impact would be very dependent on stock price and option exercise, so very difficult to tell. But it will be part of our overall tax planning for next year. So I wouldn't expect any positive or negative from that to fall to the bottom line. In terms of tax reform, we outlined at the JPMorgan Health Care Conference the fact that if we look at the overall Republican blueprint, which has the most detail but still not enough detail to really assess the impact out there, we do think that we would benefit slightly from that blueprint and benefit in the near term on just tax rate. In the longer term, it could be a slight detriment as interest deduction on debt going forward may no longer apply. But the biggest benefit to us, as we talked about at the conference, would be the potential repatriation of our cash. Today, we have about 55% accessibility to our ongoing cash that we generate. And if we were able to have 100% accessibility, that would be meaningful to us. Just for this fiscal year alone, that could be another approximately $2.5 billion of cash accessible. And obviously, we anticipate growing our cash every year, so that could be very meaningful.
Karen L. Parkhill: I would just add on natural hedging that it's not just where we place our centers, but it's also how we negotiate contracts with both our vendors and our customers. So we are focused on driving as much natural hedging as we can into the business. That said, we will always have currency risk just being a big global company. We recognize that currency risk is not something that we can control but something which we do indeed need to manage, and that's what we're focused on.
Karen L. Parkhill: We are not going to give line item guidance at this stage on FY 2018, but expect more guidance on our next earnings call.
Omar S. Ishrak: Well, firstly, we are, as I've noted several times before, quite pleased with the way the Covidien acquisition has gone through. It's been a very complex transaction as you know. It's one of the biggest in medical devices, perhaps the biggest. And we've now into year three of our integration process. And we've done it exactly the way we planned it. We're preserving our revenue, optimizing our costs and beginning to transfer healthcare through this process. And employee satisfaction ratings are high. We've had good retention ratings. So we've really hit all the strategic and tactical objectives of the Covidien acquisition, and we continue to do so. We've still got a year more to go, and as Karen outlined, we're optimistic about the rest of the integration. I'm not going to speculate on the future of specific products and businesses. What I will say is that, as part of good portfolio management, we ask a series of questions. What value does Medtronic add to that product or business? What value does that product or business add to Medtronic overall? And is the business appropriately resourced, given Medtronic's overall priorities? We look at these questions across all our portfolio and we will take action both in terms of divestitures and acquisitions on that basis. I think that's the best way to comment on this subject, Kristen.
Omar S. Ishrak: First of all, from the mid single-digit growth, we've stated in our Q2 call that a lot of that was a result of some unrelated market factors, some of which still persist, but also related to the timing of some of our new product launches, which are now playing through as expected. So the mid single-digit revenue growth is more or less in line with what we'd always projected on a yearly basis, and we have every expectation to maintain that into the future. In terms of the operating margin rate, we're delivering according to what we talked about, including acquisitions for that matter in terms of the operating margin rate. We still have a year's more of Covidien synergies to deliver on. And like I stated at the Analyst Meeting and subsequently, we're using that opportunity to build a structure through which we can look at other opportunities throughout the company as we leverage our scale, starting with the consolidation of several manufacturing operation plants, reducing that from over 100 to something between 50 and 60. If you do the math on all of that plus centralizing some of our support functions and comparing it against industry benchmarks for the size of business that we are, we get to a number that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting. So nothing fundamentally has changed from that. Karen? No? Okay.
Omar S. Ishrak: We felt pretty good about our U.S. business. We've had some significant product launches which sequentially for us has made a big difference, and those are progressing on plan. We also see new products coming out into the fourth quarter, into early next year in several areas across the board from CVG, diabetes, MITG and RTG which we think will sustain that growth, and the U.S. is most sensitive to growth as new products are launched because that's usually where they're accepted first. Outside the U.S., we've done well. I think Europe continues to grow in a consistent fashion. I think some of our Hospital Solutions effort, although the Hospital Solutions represents a relatively small portion of our overall business, it does drive meaningful share and performance on those accounts. And outside of Western Europe, I think, let me just reemphasize that our strategy of consistent strategy of focus in emerging markets, of building both private and public partnerships and optimizing our channels is resulting in sustained growth. And we've been through several macroeconomic related market fluctuations in many geographics and still delivered double-digit emerging markets revenue growth. And I think we have plans in place to sustain that. So I think that's really all I can say, a repeat of perhaps what I said in the commentary.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think the new product launches that we had planned for this time in the quarter had a meaningful impact, especially sequentially and we stated that before. I think the market conditions weren't that different. We still had macroeconomic issues in the Middle East. And at the same time, the U.S. overall procedural volume remained more or less stable. However, as I noted earlier as you introduce new products, the U.S. gets the biggest benefit and then we realize that. In terms of new products, just to be specific, at CVG we launched Evolut R 34-millimeter CoreValve, and that really contributed to its growth. We really expect some continuance of this as we introduce the Evolut Pro and the Resolute Onyx in the U.S. towards the fiscal year end. We also achieved Micra reimbursement, which was significant. That's the small pacemaker. In MITG, we've launched over 50 new products in the second half of FY 2017 to drive growth. And as I mentioned, in RTG with our consistent level of launches and the speed to scale methodology that Geoff has introduced, we are really beginning to see some benefits of that. So these things put together – and obviously the traction on the diabetes 6 Series pump, right now with the 630G which if you recall, in Q2, we barely launched and really hadn't started selling. So that has gained some traction, and our Priority Access Program is also getting a good degree of interest for the 670G. So you put all that together, those are meaningful set of product launches. And what we're really excited about is that we expect that momentum to continue in terms of product launches in Q4 and have a good pipeline into next year. So I think that's the best way to think about the differences.
Omar S. Ishrak: You've got to understand that, while there is competitive new product activity, we also have new product activity. We've used our lead, for example, in the cardiac MRI space by launching differentiated products in cardiac rhythm implantables. We've got approval now for 3T MRI, which our competitors don't. We've got a series of new algorithms in our cardiac rhythm implantable products that again are unique and differentiated. We've got the Micra, the smallest pacemaker, which no one else has and recently got reimbursement and only beginning its growth trajectory. So just in the cardiac rhythm space, we've got ammunition too against our competitors. Now it will have to play out in the marketplace, and we certainly don't take our competition lightly, but we're not exactly sitting still. In the transcatheter valve area, again, there is new competition, but we just came out with our second or third generation of these valves, building on the live clinical experience that we've built over the past two years in that space. So again, product launches coming out towards the end of this fiscal year and well into next year. In diabetes, we have the 670G hybrid closed loop system, which we think in FY 2018 will gain full traction and will be a meaningful growth driver for Medtronic into next year. Recall that this is a unique hybrid closed-loop pump product, which in many ways promises to be revolutionary in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes patients. And again, we've barely – we haven't really benefited from that successful approval in the middle of last year. And then in the neuro space, there is significant competition and we've got our work cut out for us there, but we are also launching products. We just talked about the Evolve Workflow that we just launched which has got good physician enthusiasm, which we are just beginning to get traction on. We've got INTELLIS implantable neurostimulators, which are the smallest stimulators there are in the market, which again, will have an impact. In MITG, a series of new launches, led by the LigaSure instruments, our stapling products, all of this put together with a cadence of launches, like I said earlier, about 15 new launches in MITG in the second half of this year alone. That's a pretty big list which is broad and diverse.
Omar S. Ishrak: No, I think our growth efforts are to some degree diversified, although the new product segment or the new therapy segment is the biggest portion of our growth. We've talked before about new therapies contributing something like between 200 to 250 basis points of growth for Medtronic every year, and that remains on track. In addition to that, we've had steady performance from our emerging markets, and we expect 150 to 200 basis points of contribution from that, and delivering in the low double digits will give us that. And Services and Solutions driven by annuity revenue from Hospital Solutions as well as some of our value-based healthcare business models also contribute meaningfully to our growth. So we've got a balanced growth effort across these different areas. But of course, new therapies form the heart and the core of our growth. And they also, in fact, lead to future emerging market and economic value growth.
Omar S. Ishrak: Well, again, in a measured fashion, we're going after significant accounts where there is an interest in our overall capability. We think in the U.S., given the strong sort of innovation platform that we have here that these accounts can serve as launching pads for future value based healthcare programs where we really work on the value for our new therapies on these platforms. And again, we do these in a measured way. I think a lot of the efficiency initiatives that we have in other regions around the world, the U.S. hospitals do by themselves. So, again, we're being selective about where we go. But there is a considerable degree of interest, and we are going to be adding a few more accounts in the coming months.
Omar S. Ishrak: No real change in our thought process. I mean we said consistently that for sustained EPS growth, you need to do that through operating margin. Now that doesn't mean that there aren't other vehicles which we could use intelligently and which we will use and that's financial leverage. But at the end of the day, the majority of our improvement will have to come through operating improvement in the business. And we outlined and I said earlier in the call what kind of things we're looking at. I do think that the manufacturing consolidation is one of our biggest and most significant strategic moves in that area. And as that comes to play, we'll give you more details but that's one that we're working on very, very actively. And we think we'll be the platform which will give us sustained operating margin improvement in the future. I mean that's essential. And then like I said before, the scale and size of our company is such that many of the support functions have never been integrated and with the introduction of the IP systems around the world which are now sort of not complete but well on the way to being complete. Leveraging those will give us further capability to drive the efficiencies in that regard. So operating margin remains our focus. That's where we provide the most detail. But again, let's not forget that we sit on a lot of other assets and some degree of financial leverage we can get to shore up our EPS growth, I think is something that's the right thing to do.
Omar S. Ishrak: In terms of the Middle East first, year over year the decline is significant. Like I said, in Saudi Arabia alone, it's like 30% down year over year. But on a sequential basis, it's stabilized. So a lot of this has to do with built-up inventory of implantable devices in the Saudi system itself, which they're cleaning out right now, and we're helping them optimize the deployment of these devices into the market. We see that action happening today. So therefore, this stabilization, the sequential stabilization will lead to anniversarying of this decline by fiscal year end. At that point, we expect to return to growth, although I think it will be measured because there's still some inventory in the system. And I think that the healthcare systems there are responsibly deploying that inventory over time. So that's what I'd expect out of the Middle East that I don't think we'll see major declines and start to begin to see growth come back early into next fiscal year. At least, that's our expectation today. In terms of where this could be, our target is in the low double digits and aiming to get to the mid-teens. I think that's an entitlement given the size of that market. It isn't as easy as it sounds given the size of this market because the infrastructure just isn't there. But we're working in a very focused fashion with both the public authorities in many of these countries as well as private – both providers as well as other interested stakeholders in developing, in trying to develop inflection points in growth in singular countries. So those are the approaches we're taking, and each country is different. The macroeconomic conditions vary. There could be surprises in any one country at any time. But I think we're getting increasing confidence with the level of diversification that we have and the size of our emerging markets business across Latin America, Middle East, China, Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe including Russia, all of that put together, that diversification gives us some level of confidence that double-digit growth in the emerging markets can continue. And if you put that math together, that 14% ratio probably goes up a point or so every year.
Omar S. Ishrak: Look, again, I cannot comment on that because, like I said earlier, we look at this diversified sort of portfolio of emerging market countries and you don't know what's going to happen where. So it's – the whole object of diversification is that you balance upsides and downsides. And so I think sticking to the double-digits is what we're seeing, and you'll have occasional quarters where we do better. But I think we've shown that we've held the double-digit line even through bad circumstances, and that's just our historical performance based on factors that, in many instances, are outside our control. So that's the best I could comment. I think it's not prudent to speculate on what's going to happen only from an upside perspective in these markets.
Omar S. Ishrak: Okay. Well, thank you all for your questions. And on behalf of the entire management team, I would now like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q4 call which we currently anticipate holding on Thursday, May 25. Thank you all very much.
Hooman C. Hakami: Sure. Okay. So a few pieces there, Brooks. I'll try to take them one at a time. As far as the market overall, as you pointed out it's a dynamic market, and certainly over the last, call it, 90 days a significant number of competitive sort of announcements. But what I would say is that, if you take a look at that market and you look at our positioning in that market, we feel great about where we are. We've got the 630 in the US. We've got 670 that we're going to launch in the spring, number one. Number two, we have a stand-alone sensor that we anticipate getting approval on towards the end of this fiscal year, beginning of next fiscal year which will signal our entry into that market. And then on top of that, our international growth continues to be good. So you put all of those pieces together on top of the work that we're doing in value based healthcare and Type 2, we really like how we're positioned in the marketplace overall. Now in terms of the 670G specifically, you pointed it out. The launch is spring as planned. Absolutely no deviation from that. It is going to be a staggered launch as we've talked about before. And the reason we're doing the staggered launch is to make sure that we're rolling this out in a methodical way, so that we do the right thing for patients and physicians, make sure they get the proper training. And then also it's staggered because we do have a Priority Access Program. We want to make sure that the participants in the Priority Access Program are first in line for this new technology, our employees as well, and then as we conclude with payers and manufacturing capacity, we'll open it up and really get the full capacity. And then I think your – the last part of your question, Brooks, on UnitedHealthcare, that relationship continues to go well. We're very pleased with how that has gone. It really was our first step into value based healthcare with a payer, and we were thrilled to be able to do it with United. And we've been able to have ongoing discussions about how we can continue to broaden that partnership. And so that landscape looks well. You touched on other payers. I'm not going to comment on specifics related to other payers, but I would say, as other payers look forward, they're also looking to ensure that they are driving, not only costs but also outcomes. And that's going to continue to be very important.
Hooman C. Hakami: Sure. So, on the 670G, the Priority Access Program essentially – so let me provide some additional background. Back in August, we received approval from the FDA for the 630G product. Literally less than a month later, we received approval for the 670G product which was far faster than what we had anticipated. And if you remember, we had submitted the 670G to the FDA in June of last year, so far accelerated timeline by the FDA for the 670 approval. So literally in less than a month, we had two products approved right on top of each other. We created the Priority Access Program so that patients who purchase the 630G would be first in line for the 670G once it was released in the spring. And so that's really how you get on the Priority Access Program. As far the uptake question that you have, Brooks, we don't disclose the actual number of participants that have chosen to enter into the Priority Access Program. But I think, as Omar talked about in the commentary, we're very pleased with our U.S. results as we really start to get into the swing of things here, first full quarter with the priority access program and the uptake continues to be great. And there's a number of things that need to happen in order for us to really get the full launch, not the least of which is payer coverage which we're actively working, and it's hard to estimate how that's going to go. But those are the kinds of things that we're working on in order to ramp up as fast as we can.
Hooman C. Hakami: Yeah, I don't know if you heard Bryan Hanson's response on his view on robotics and a broad portfolio, but I take a similar viewpoint on this. And for the spine market, we're looking at it holistically in terms of implants and enabling technology. And an enabling technology has several different layers. Intraoperative imaging, navigation, surgical tools and robotics. And so we believe – you mentioned our spine business is doing better, and that's just a result of us introducing – that has no impact from Mazor. This is a result of introducing a lot of the new technology over the last several quarters, launching that technology at scale, right. So, when we launch it, we have enough of the inventory and instruments to support the cases. So that's really what's in it. And finally, I guess rep engagement. Our U.S. team in particular, where we have 65% of our spine business, is humming on all cylinders. So that's what's driving our growth. As we move forward, our goal in spine, first, was to get back to market growth and now start to take some share. But as we move forward, what we need is to grow the spine market and we believe that the combination of this enabling technology which robotics is just one piece of, combined with our market – that combined with our implants, we believe we can improve outcomes, both from a clinical perspective and an economic perspective. And robotics fits right in there. What we're most excited about Mazor is their pre-surgical planning software that helps physicians plan pre-operatively versus intraoperatively which happens a lot today. And then the surgical – the robotic arm capabilities also will help do things a little bit more consistently and we believe this will help democratize a good spine surgery, not just in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. So it's a holistic viewpoint. Mazor is one part of our enabling technology strategy which we call – and then as you integrate that into our implants, we call that surgical synergy. So we are excited about the Mazor relationship. It is going better than we had anticipated in terms of faster uptake from our – our physicians are very interested in this enabling technology strategy and how robotics fits in, and I think that's upside to our future results.
Michael J. Coyle: Sure. We continue to expect the market growth that we outlined at the analyst meeting back in June. So the growth profile is really going to be driven by the expansion of indications of use into the intermediate risk group at ACC at late breaking clinical trials. We will be presenting the SURTAVI data which will be the basis of our clinical module for support of that indication for use in the U.S. And so everything we see is pretty much on track for what we described as a $4.5 billion to $5 billion market opportunity around 2021. So, in terms of mitral, we continue to do the feasibility enrollments for the Intrepid product. We're now up to about 40 implants and those continue to go well. We're going to be sitting – we are sitting down with the FDA to talk about pivotal study design and we expect to kick that off in fiscal 2018.
Michael J. Coyle: Yes, we actually saw an improvement in the replacement growth this quarter from the standpoint that I pointed out last quarter. We were seeing high single-digit declines. We expected that to get marginally better just by the modeling of kind of where we were in the replacement cycle. But we also benefited in the quarter from two additional things. One is there was a fairly significant competitive recall that took place, and that actually drove some competitive replacements for us that we typically don't get. But we also had unrestricted release of TYRX in the quarter which is our anti-infective envelope. And it actually is particularly valuable in replacement procedures and especially high power replacement procedures. So, actually, the replacement growth was a low single-digit decline this quarter versus what we saw in Q2.
Michael J. Coyle: When we do our modeling, we basically see the approval, general approval of intermediate risk expanding the sort of prevailing high and extreme risk patient population by another 50%. So you don't want to think about it as a third, a third, a third in terms of the distribution of these patients. So, obviously, getting the data out and then having that adopted to drive penetration is going to be the key item but that's the way we would outline it. And then of course, we've begun the low risk clinical trials as well as have some others in the space. And so we would expect that to be sort of the next wave of expansion as those data become available.
Michael J. Coyle: Overall, the growth of the market is low double digits, so very much in line with what we had expected when we did the acquisition. In terms of the overall performance of HVAD, we are very bullish on its performance, and I think the data sets that we will be using to get the destination therapy results or the leading indications in the U.S. I think will show a high degree of comparability between the two products. And we think the size advantages of the product as well as its long-term ability to be done in atherectomy procedure we think offer some significant advantages and we're looking forward to competing in the segment.
Michael J. Coyle: Josh, obviously these are all embargoed data and just a late-breaking clinical trial presentation, so I'm not going to go into any real detail on it until the data have been presented, and we'll be doing an analyst discussion at ACC following the presentation of the data. I would just say that this Bayesian analysis and design criteria and intermediate look were all designed into the original study in 2012, so there's nothing new here. So we're looking forward to presenting the data and then being able to discuss it afterward.
Michael J. Coyle: Sure. I think just in terms of the cadence of things that are going to drive growth for us, the 34-millimeter valve that we talked about, Omar talked about in his commentary, continues to roll out in the U.S. And that segment is 25% to 30% of our historical segment, so it's been important in terms of its contribution to our overall growth. And it requires training, and basically, we are only in 200 of our 400 plus centers with fully trained access to the products in Q3, so there's still growth opportunity in the U.S. for that. And then of course, we just released that product in Europe, so we will get full quarter benefit of that here in Q4. In addition, our next-generation product, the Evolut Pro, is basically expected to come into the market in the first half of fiscal year next year. So that will provide us growth opportunity in advance of other competitors coming into the market. And then the SURTAVI indication or the intermediate risk indication is something that we expect in FY 2018. And of course, we can talk more about that and its impact on the market after the data are released. So I think those are the main catalysts I think that I would point to for that business over the course of Q4 and into next year.
Michael J. Coyle: I think market development activities will follow when we have indications for use to pursue them. So we can talk about that. In fact, Rob [ten Hoedt] will be discussing our general program here at ACC, so that might be a good place to have that discussion.
