Geoff Martha: Yeah, you asked about the anticorruption and VBP so -- in China. So look, on the anticorruption, I recognize that there are concerns out there. And we're actively monitoring the situation, which is fluid in nature. But I'll say thus far, we're not seeing any material headwind for our business. And it is kind of pivoting to -- there's a linkage to VBP. It's worth noting that we -- you can argue that we're somewhat a bit insulated from some of this anticorruption with the coverage under VBPs, I mean, volume, in this case, is contracted. And with the hospital pricing is determined with VBP and we're less reliant on the field team and distribution, which has also allowed us to take cost out to mitigate the price impact. So no impact at this point from the anticorruption campaign that you read about. And then regarding VBP, I mean this -- it's -- we feel it's been -- it's a 2.5-year kind of impact here and we're -- for us, that fully -- that impact kind of fully takes effect in this fiscal year, FY '24. It's all in our guidance. As Karen pointed out in the commentary, the China growth this past quarter was at 4%, which is slightly higher than we expected, still well below what it used to be, but -- and where we think it's going to get back. As we kind of lap this -- these last couple of VBP areas in FY '24, we expect this revenue to get back to historical high single-digit, low double-digit growth for us. So hope that answers the question. This is something, as you look forward, it's a multibillion dollar of revenue for the company that over the last couple of years has been negative, more recently flat, now starting to get positive. And as we -- as we get out of FY '24, again, we expect a tick up in this growth. So that's coming.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Thanks, Danielle, for the comments and the question. And yeah, it is interesting. First of all, I'd say it's an important class of drugs and like you were monitoring to see how the GLP-1 therapy is being adopted. That said, our initial work indicates minimal impact to our business. When you -- bariatric -- the one area we've seen some modest impact is bariatric, but this is really a small impact and this is a relatively small part of our Surgery business. And we are hearing from -- the work we do is our internal analysis plus dialogue that we're having with physicians around the world. We actually operate obesity clinics in Europe as well. And they're talking about, longer term, this could actually bring in the bariatric space more patients into the funnel. Short term, we've seen some impact, again, modest and bariatric is a relatively small part of our surgery business. Longer term, we'll see how it plays out. There's a bit of optimism there though. No impact in Type 1 diabetes, which is the vast majority of our Diabetes business. And this is overall, I just don't see GLP-1s having a material impact on our business and medical device therapies at large. That's what our work is showing us at this point.
Geoff Martha: Thanks. Look, I think this is AID for insulin-dependent patients, whether they're Type 2 or Type 1 is pretty under-penetrated. And we see way more upside there than headwinds.
Geoff Martha: And the business continues to perform well. Like Karen said, the margin profile has remained strong. And actually, the competitive dynamics, particularly in the patient monitoring side of it, have probably improved a bit in our favor. So it's a good business, and I think with more focus, I think these numbers can even improve.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Well, first of all, I think for the medical device industry, the kind of the intersection of traditional biomedical engineering with these digital technologies, whether it be connectivity or data analytics techniques like AI and deep learning, robotics, these are all just a huge opportunity for the industry. This is -- and these are areas that we intend to lead in. AI specifically, we've got a number of businesses that have first-of-their-kind, AI-powered solutions that have received regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory bodies around the world. And what we're seeing here is just improved -- from the AI is just improved outcomes and access. And it's the -- when you combine the AI with good data, not just quantity, but the quality of data and that data is labeled properly, we're seeing the ability to even personal -- like evolve and improve the efficacy over time through the AI and even personalize it. The FDA has approved a couple of products for us in the Cardiac Rhythm space, in Spine, in GI, where you have like what they call a predetermined change control plan where you're allowed to kind of improve that efficacy over time. And some of the businesses that are impacted, like I mentioned, our GI are now calling Endoscopy space, where we have AI in the colonoscopy, you're kind of redefining traditional colonoscopies where the AI is finding polyps that physicians were missing. And this is a significant amount of polyps and it's obviously good for patient outcomes because there's a high correlation to cancer -- colon cancer from these polyps and it's also economically aligned with the hospital's interest as you find more polyps and remove them. Another area is in our Spine business. This is an industry that's being completely redefined by enabling technology -- transformed and redefined by enabling technology. And we talk about robotics and imaging and navigation and powered instruments, but AI is a key piece of this and we have thousands of surgeries in our AI -- that’s powering our AI algorithm. And with each -- and Spine is a complicated surgery, especially whether it be degen, or [for sure] (ph), deformity complex cases. Highly reliant on surgeon training. And the AI is really just improving outcomes here, especially when it's combined with enabling technology. I could go on, cardiac rhythm in our monitoring, our LINQ monitoring business there, we are cutting down false positives for -- in detecting AFib by 50% using AI, and that's creating multiple hours of productivity for these clinics around the country and given -- so and this really driving the deployment of that technology. So I'd say it's a huge opportunity. It's a differentiator. I mentioned we hired a new head of technology, Ken Washington, to really help us scale this across all our businesses and better partner with some big tech companies. We've talked about our partnership with NVIDIA. And in the end, I'd say what we're going to see over the next couple of years is you may not be replacing -- AI is not going to be replacing surgeons, but I'll tell you what, surgeons who use AI will be replacing surgeons that don't and we are going to be right in the middle of that mix.
Geoff Martha: I just want to reemphasize that last point there on kind of -- we'll start on margins. On gross margins, and there was a question earlier, Karen went into detail, I'm not going to repeat that. But on gross margins, the pricing muscle that we've been building. I think we intend that to be enduring. And then Karen mentioned the cost of goods sold improvements that we're making, productivity around our cost of goods sold line, really driven by our new structure, strategy and capabilities in our global operations and supply chain. That will all help gross margin. And as you get down the P&L, we're really focused on getting leverage from SG&A and excited about stabilizing and then improving the margins over time.
Geoff Martha: Sure, Joanne. Yeah, good to hear from you. Thanks for the questions. I'll take the first one, and then I'll turn it over to Mike Marinaro to handle the Hugo questions. I think on procedure trends, we're -- as Karen mentioned, I mentioned in the commentary, they're definitely improved, and I'll start in the US where we're up about 5% or so. But across the board, we're seeing very good procedural trends, and we're largely back to pre-COVID or better. pre-COVID levels are better. As you know, over the last, I don't know, 18 months or so, the rebound has been, I'd say, held back a bit by staffing issues and those have seem to have abated. And like I said, we're getting pretty broad-based procedural pickups and are back to pre-COVID or even better levels. And outside of the US, I'd say it's even stronger. In Western Europe, high single digits. The recovery in Europe is definitely in full swing. Latin America, high teens. And just our -- like our emerging market base when you got to pull out -- if you pull out China, which is VBP, like I said before, this is -- we see the kind of the stabilizing year here for VBP FY '24. And then as you get into FY '25, you get back to some higher growth in China like we've seen before. But if you take out China and Russia with the sanctions, we're in the teens -- the mid-teens and -- high teens actually in emerging markets. So emerging markets trends are strong. I mentioned Latin America as a standout, Western Europe. So pretty good trends. We're not seeing like this -- at least in the areas we're in, I've heard some area like orthopedics, there's been a pent-up demand. But we're not seeing it in the areas we're in. It's been a steady flow versus like a pent-up demand. So I think that's good news for the industry. On the Hugo questions, I'd like to turn it over to Mike Marinaro, who runs our Surgical business, which includes Hugo and also our endoscopy or formerly called GI business reports up to him as well.
Geoff Martha: Yeah, really look -- excited about the setup we have for our business. It's a very large business for us that where the supply capacity has been an issue, that's in a much better spot. The robots out there might just walk through kind of indication expansion and geographic expansion and update on the US trial. And I like the set up and the competitive dynamics going forward over the next couple of years. We got two major competitors, one with robot, one without. And we're feeling pretty good about where we are with Surgery.
Geoff Martha: Well, let me just start off by saying, I appreciate your question on supply chain. It's been a big focus area for us. And I know a couple of thousand people at Medtronic that do think it's a pretty sexy place to be and are pretty proud of the work that we're doing. To answer the question, I'll turn it over to Karen on the cost question.
Geoff Martha: Well, first of all, thanks, everyone, for the questions. And as always, we appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our continued progress on our Q2 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Tuesday, November 21. With that, thanks again for joining us today, and have a great rest of your day.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Robbie. Appreciate it. Q1 was a really great start to our year, and we're really pleased with the breadth of our performance. As Geoff mentioned, it's the third consecutive quarter that we've had of solid mid-single digit growth. And we're carrying the beat that we had in Q1 and raising our Q2 guide to 4% to 4.5%. And all of that puts our FY '24 guidance at 4.5%. It's still early in the year, and we're focused on providing guidance that sets us up for success. I've talked about some of the puts and takes that we've got. We're a little more optimistic on China, Geoff talked about it. We've had procedure volume recovery. We also had some of the VBP impacts that we expected in the first quarter delayed into the -- later in the fiscal year. And we're expecting Russia to be a bigger drag given the new sanctions that were put in place in late May. But we're focused on offsetting that just as we did in Q1, and we feel good about the improved underlying fundamentals. And we're intensely focused on hitting our commitments. Just on the acceleration for the rest of the year, on a comp-adjusted basis, Q2 represents an acceleration from Q1. And then we expect continued acceleration into the back half each quarter of the fiscal year into the back half. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Robbie. Clearly, we're focused on driving margin expansion and ultimately on the gross margin getting back to pre-COVID levels over time. We saw improved margins this quarter, and we're increasing our full year guidance on gross margin expectations given some of that outperformance. But in Q1, we did have some better-than-expected currency and pricing. And some of that was due to timing with some provincial tenders in China being delayed a bit and some of the FX improvement that we saw this quarter, we expect to -- FX to impact us a little bit more in the back half of the year. So as we think about margins, we are making investments in our global operations and supply chain to drive cost out of the organization. And I mentioned a couple of examples where we're consolidating our suppliers and focused on improvements in our manufacturing operations to drive continued improvement. And over time, we're focused on stabilizing and improving our margins. And so that will continue to impact us on the operating margin line. And on SG&A, as you mentioned, we're focused on continuing to drive leverage in our SG&A line, as you've seen us do for a long period of time.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks, Travis. I think there's nothing to read into this other than we're focused on maximizing shareholder value, and we've been taking our time to evaluate the alternatives. And we've said all along that the spin sets a high bar and that remains a likely way that we'll separate. And so we'll -- we're expecting to close it first half of next fiscal year, if not sooner. In terms of Form 10, we'll -- you'll see it when you see it. And in terms of the margins of the business, yes, they are good margins and slightly higher than the company. Hopefully, that helps.
Karen Parkhill: So I would just say, Travis, that the first few weeks of the quarter and what we've seen in July are tracking well. We continue to have strength in the underlying performance and it's tracking of the expectations we set in our guidance.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks for the question. As you've heard us talk about, we have been building a pretty strong muscle around pricing. And we're focused on ensuring that we price for the value that we deliver. Typically, historically, pre-COVID, we would experience up to 200 basis points of pricing pressure every year. And we've been able to neutralize that these last couple of years, including this quarter. We obviously have had VBP pressure this year, and last year, we were able to neutralize that as well at the total company level. By quarter, it may not be fully neutralized depending on how VBP hits us. But we do believe that this pricing muscle that we've built is going to be lasting. And we fully intend to continue to track, monitor, talk about pricing, so that even as we move into a lower inflationary environment, we're focused on continuing this pricing muscle that we've built.
Karen Parkhill: At this point -- when we gave our guidance back in May, we said we expected it to be around 65.25%. And at this point, we're expecting it to be about 65.50%. We've seen some improvement in the first quarter, and we're carrying some of that through.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, it's both VBP and currency. And you're right, higher revenue growth clearly helps on the margin front. But we have seen some timing on VBP that we talked about. We also have some timing on FX. It was a little bit better than we expected down the P&L in the first quarter, and we expect to give some of that back as we look at the currency impact going forward.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. Yes, when we're working on improving processes and driving better cost down, it does take investment. That investment is included in the guidance that we've given and is -- it's part of the reason that our gross margins are not yet stable. But we fully expect those investments to pay off over time and to help drive costs down more than inflation as we work to bring our gross margins up. Hopefully, that's helpful.
