Geoff Martha: All right. Thank you, Karen. Now before we go to the analyst questions, I'll close with a few brief remarks. I hope you're feeling what we are, that the momentum at Medtronic is building. Momentum that was set in motion by the comprehensive transformation we embarked on a few years ago. We streamlined our operating model. We put in place performance-driven culture, and we change incentives. We brought in new leaders. We improved how we allocate capital. And we started the work of driving significant operational efficiencies to leverage our scale. This transformation is taking hold, and you're seeing it in our results, and just in time for a very important Medtronic milestone. We're celebrating our company's 75th anniversary this year. It was back in 1949 that a medical electronics repair business was started in a garage in Minneapolis. Now certainly, a lot has changed over the past 75 years, but what hasn't stopped from the humble beginnings in that garage is our spirit of innovation and our dedication to delivering life-transforming health technology that alleviates pain, restores health and extends life. As we celebrate our past, we are even more excited about our future. That legacy of invention and market creation continues today and you see it. You see it with our PFA products in AFib, our sensing products in Neuromodulation, our 780G and Simplera Sync system. You see it with our robotics with our Evolut TAVR system, and our Simplicity hypertension procedure and the dozens of new products across our businesses. Our pipeline of breakthrough innovation is impressive. And I'm incredibly excited about the impact that these products will have on patients, on physicians and on our performance. It's these new product cycles, combined with exposure to secular growth markets and an aging population, that put us in a great spot to continue delivering durable revenue growth. And when you add this to our improving earnings power, our strong free cash flow and dividend growth, you have a great formula for creating shareholder value. Finally, I'd like to join Karen in expressing my gratitude to our employees watching today. We've been through a lot of change. But through it all, your unwavering focus on our mission and performance has propelled our company forward. Your contributions matter, not just for Medtronic, but for the millions of patients around the world that depend on us. And as we continue to innovate and grow, I'm confident that, together, we will achieve even greater heights in fiscal '25. So with that, let's move to Q&A, where we're going to try to get to as many analysts as possible, so we ask that you limit yourself to just one question, and only if needed, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you can reach out to Ryan and the Investor Relations team after the call. With that, Brad, can you please give the instructions for asking a question.
Geoff Martha: Well, Travis, thanks for the question. I'm going to hand this to Karen in a second, but let me just make a few opening comments on this. Look, the earnings power is something we've been working on for years. For example, we started our aggressive global operations and supply chain transformation over three years ago. We've been improving pricing. You see that in our FY'24 results, and we're strengthening this muscle and building on our momentum on pricing going into FY'25. We've made some tangible changes to mix, like exiting our ventilation business and divesting our dialysis business. These are a couple of examples which Karen will go through in more detail. But the point is, I think there's structural -- programmatic structural changes to the enterprise that are allowing us to achieve top line growth, but at the same time growing that earnings power. Like I said, they're structural, they're programmatic and they're giving us the confidence into FY'25 and beyond in terms of that earnings power improvement. So Karen, can you walk through some of the details on this.
Geoff Martha: Sure. I'll take a stab at this, Robbie, and Karen can jump in if I missed anything here. Well, first of all, look, we've got a lot -- as been pointed out by many of you on the call here, a lot of approvals here recently in really high-growth areas, and we're in the early stages of these launches. But specifically, to answer your question here in FY'25, some of the -- one is in Structural Heart with Evolut FX as it moves from this limited market release in the US to a full market release we're seeing strong uptick. And the SMART trial continues to build -- the SMART trial results in small annulus continues to build on our body of clinical evidence. And we are seeing it changed referral patterns. I mean it's pretty clear here what to do with these patients. And it's a bigger cohort of patients that I think most imagined at 40% of the market. So Structural Heart, TAVR is one. Evolut FX plus the changing referral patterns from SMART. PFA is another one. We've got PulseSelect here. You saw the results with over 20% sequential growth in the business, and we really haven't seen anything from a far yet. That's coming. So PFA is going to be a big one for us. And throughout the year, it's accelerating. And leadless, not only, I mean, look, we -- first of all, we still maintain the lion's share of the market here. And we just launched -- recently launched it and we're continuing to take share. We just launched Micra AV2 and VR2. And the market is expanding. UnitedHealth Group which you guys know is the largest commercial insurer in the US, just updated its policies to cover leadless pacemakers. And so you see us performing strong, new launches in an expanding markets. That's some of the cardiovascular related ones. And again, our EV-ICD as well. So there's a lot for FY'24, in this fiscal year from cardiology. Neuroscience also has a lot. I mean, Spine saw the acceleration. We expect that to continue with the combination of the implants plus the enabling technology plus the AI having a real impact. And this has been something we've been building on. And you're seeing good performance relative to the competition. I mean I know there's a lot of buys out there on Globus. But when you look at apples-to-apples, we grew 9% and they grew 3%. On an apples-to-apples pro forma basis in the year, when you look at the combined NuVasive and Globus, that's three, and we're nine. That's a pretty big gap. And we're -- and we've got four times the installed base, which is really a key to growth in that market now. ENT continues to do well and that's accelerating from the continued adoption of Propel and Sinuva that came from the Inceptiv acquisition. And then, of course, in Neuromod, with the closed-loop Technology, Percept RC, in my prepared remarks, you heard DBS growing double-digits. And then right at the end of the quarter, we got the launch of -- the approval of Inceptiv, which is our ECAPs closed-loop stimulator for pain. We think it's a better product that's on the market with our large sales force, we're going to do some damage there. And then the diabetes, the 780G, US growth continues low-double-digits. I think we're going to continue to surprise people on diabetes and show continued strength. And then, of course, Hugo and Ardian are both really good leading indicators of growth that you'll be seeing later in the year. So I mean there's a lot spread across the businesses. And that's why we have the confidence in the mid-single-digit revenue growth and Karen talked about how that translates to the bottom line.
Geoff Martha: Yes. And said another way, we're entering the year with a lot less questions too, like risks. Like go back a year ago, China, a lot of uncertainty there. We had a high-single-digit growth for the year, accelerating throughout the year, double-digits in the last two quarters. So these are -- putting these things, some of these questions, risks or obstacles behind us is also, I think, another one. That just the elimination of those plus the addition of the new products is, you add it all up, it feels good going into the year.
Geoff Martha: So, Robbie, when you think about FY'25 on the bottom line, as Karen mentioned, that's going to come from operating margin actions. And it goes beyond expense management. These are programmatic changes we've made in FY'24. And we'll see the full benefit of these are changes that are made in the bank, and you'll see the full benefit of that in FY'25. On the gross margin line, which is super important, those programs are underway. And as Karen mentioned, it's hard to see that because of some of the inflation and FX. But as we get into FY'26 as those abate, you'll see that gross margin start to expand as well. So we think we've laid this out the right way and got the programs lined up against it and have been working on it for some time. And we'll see those benefits accrue over the next couple of years.
Geoff Martha: Well, look, I'll let -- I'm going to have Karen answer that. She kind of hit on that some in our prepared remarks, but I have her kind of redo some of that. But the -- like I said just a second ago, on the operating margin, we've got a lot of confidence in that for the year given the changes we've already made and the changes we've already made in the gross margin line and are continuing to expand, those will start to hit in the latter part of the year and move into next year. I'll let Karen kind of quantify it.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Just one final point on that, Pito, is like the -- the model is -- the industry is changing to this capital equipment, this enabling technology. Now the enabling technologies has to have good stuff. It has to be integrated, it has to have value, AI is a big piece of that. And it's accounts are making investments in a company now. The Medtronic ecosystem, AiBLE, versus some other ecosystem, and there's not many out there, right? So that's why we keep emphasizing our installed base. And it's also changing the industry structure because this takes a lot of expertise and capital to build these ecosystems. So you don't have this long tail of tiny spine companies that are preying on docs. Those are going away. And so that's why we think this is durable. And we're -- this -- yes, we're investing heavily in this area and have been for years.
Geoff Martha: Well, in China, specifically, we did just get approval for Ardian. So that will take some time to get into all the hospitals, but we think that's going to do well. Our -- we think our CST business, again separate from, I think, to some of the trends you're seeing in the US. We've got a strong local portfolio there and a nice flywheel of local innovation. So a local version of Mazor that's coming out a local version of our cell station navigation that's coming out. So I see strength there. And then we've also started local manufacturing of some of our cardiology products. We -- I was just there a couple of weeks ago where we -- I saw the -- our local pacemaker coming off the line right next to the giant Tesla plant. We have plant. Not quite as big, but it's a damn good implantable technology plant, and we're proud of that. So I think those would be some of the areas that I'd highlight in China.
Geoff Martha: Yes. I think taking a step back also, Rich, on this, this whole ecosystem approach, capital plus consumables and CST, that's largely informing what we're doing in surgical as well and how you acquire the capital with innovative financing and earn-outs and things like that, this is helping us. And that's what gives us confidence also in our surgical business as we bring in robotics, with Hugo there as well. And the second point I'll make is, look, you're starting to see the turnaround in both diabetes and CST. And the point there is when we focus on these type of opportunities, we're going to get results here, and you're seeing it there. And we're putting that same kind of focus on Hugo and our broader surgical business and our AFib business CAS. These are two big opportunities that we're focused on. And there's a lot of -- I know there's a lot of questions that we get on those two areas. And like CST and diabetes with the kind of focus we're putting on it at the leadership level of the company, I'm confident you're going to see those be growth drivers for the company as we move forward. And you're seeing it now in CAS.
Geoff Martha: Thanks for the questions, Matt. I'll have the subject matter experts answer those. I'll start with Sean on Simplicity.
Geoff Martha: Thanks, Ryan. And thanks for the questions, everybody. We definitely appreciate your continued interest in Medtronic. And we hope you'll join us for our Q1 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Tuesday, August 20th. We'll update you on our progress against all these strategies and our commitments. So with that, thanks for spending time with us today, and have a great rest of your day.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. Thanks, Geoff, and Travis. So I would say in '25, we're focused on three key things. Delivering continued mid-single-digit top line growth while executing on our strong pipeline, investing in our high-priority growth drivers and restoring the earnings power of the company as Geoff talked about. And our guidance all starts with confidence and durability on our top line. We've got really high confidence given the track record that we've had over the last six quarters and the fact that we've got this very robust pipeline coming to market. Much of it has already been approved by regulators and much of it is also moving from limited market release to full market release. So we expect on gross margins it to be flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis because we've got cost down and pricing offsetting inflation. And on operating expenses, we continue to make appropriate investments in R&D to drive our future growth. And we'll really drive leverage in SG&A and that's through programmatic changes that we've implemented throughout the company, including discipline on headcount, focus on discretionary expenses. We've always got increased use of automation and digitization, and we've elevated the review and reporting on our expenses and our margins and we've driven some structural changes, too, like eliminating our respiratory interventions operating unit. And on this expense, we've taken costs out already, and you're seeing the full benefit of it this year. We actually drove this kind of leverage in '24, it was just masked by the impact of the true-up and incentive compensation that we did from '23 to '24. And then on top of operating leverage, you'll see a large benefit from reduced share count, which will be a bit offset by incremental interest and tax. But when you put it all together, we expect this 4% to 5% top line growth, along with operating leverage and share count, to deliver that high-single-digit EPS growth for the year. And as our currency headwinds abate, we've said we expect high-single-digit actual or reported EPS in the back half of the year. And that goes beyond this fiscal year. So beyond FY'25 we're focused on maintaining this mid-single-digit revenue growth and continuing to drive leverage down the P&L to deliver that high-single-digit EPS growth.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. And I would just add just briefly that our end markets are growing, our back orders are down. Our supply chain has improved. The impact of VBP in China is largely behind us. And then obviously, we've got the long list of products that Geoff talked about.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, Robbie. So just on the detail on gross margin, I said we expect it flat on a constant currency basis. We will have some currency headwinds, about 0.5 point of downward pressure on gross margin at recent rates. But as I said, we've got good cost down and pricing offsetting inflation there. And as those currency wins on the gross margin line should abate as we move through the year and be away be gone as we exit the year. As we look at R&D and SG&A, I would say in R&D, we're focused on continuing to invest. It's a critical priority to us. I've talked about it being the one line item that's allowed to grow in line or more than revenue in certain years. And we've been focused on driving efficiencies across the company, including in R&D to enable these levels of investment. Some of the recent portfolio moves we've made like setting up the JV for our renal care or shutting down our ventilator business has allowed us to reallocate investment in our highest strategic priorities in R&D. So that remains an area of investment. And then on SG&A, we are focused on driving continued significant leverage in SG&A. And I talked about the programmatic savings that we've been driving that you're seeing more this fiscal year than you saw last year. We actually drove this kind of leverage in '24. I said it was just masked by the impact of the true-up in incentive compensation. So we're excited about what we're going to continue to drive in SG&A. And then on tax, we expect tax to be a bit of a headwind given global tax reform. We're pleased with the work that we've done to offset some of this, both on the tax line and above the tax line, but we expect it to be about one point higher than we had this past fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. And just on restoring the earnings power, Vijay, it means that we are focused on driving that durable mid-single-digit top line. It starts there, but then driving leverage down the P&L to deliver high-single-digit EPS. And you'll see us exit the year of FY'25 doing that, and we're focused on maintaining it and driving it continued from there.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. We're expecting margins around 26% in '25, and that's on a reported basis or up from where we were, yes.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Pito, for the question. You're right. So with the outperformance that we had on the top line, we did have some incremental incentive accruals in the quarter on sales incentive comp. And we've purposely driven investments in our strategic growth drivers as we work to commercialize many of the exciting innovations that we've got heading into '25. We did all this and absorbed the incremental incentive comp and investments while still delivering on our financial commitments and beating the bottom line, but that was it was driven by.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. I would just say on VBP, that can affect the quarter at an OU level, but we don't necessarily expect it to affect total Medtronic.
