Bill Hawkins: So, on the group EVP or President, we are moving along nicely and I will let you know as soon as things are confirmed but I'm pleased by the interest. There are some very, very good people that I've been talking to but I will let you know when that happens. In regards to the AF, in terms of the data, we are still hopeful that we will be able to have CryoCath for the first part of FY'011 and have the AF by the second quarter to second half of FY'011.
Bill Hawkins: So starting with ICD's as I commented for the quarter we saw ICD prices off in the low single digits and this reflects the value of innovation as we're able to bring forth new products like the Attain family of lef-side of heart leads that helped us to offset the pressures in other areas and net-net we've been able to manage prices in that very low single digits on the ICD side.
Bill Hawkins: Yes. On the pacing side, we saw a little bit more price impact and I think in part this reflects, if you will maybe of low end new products and we continue to be very exited about the opportunities with MRI pacemakers and as I mentioned, the Advisor will be in Europe we hope by the end of this fiscal year and Rhythm for the US in the beginning of next fiscal year.
Bill Hawkins: That's overall a fair characterization except for the pacing side. I would say we've seen a little bit more impact on pacing recently. So as I mentioned, I think that in part reflects the fact that we haven't seen any new products come out of consequence in the last year or so, but again historically what's enabled us to be able to manage prices has been that the timing of new products.
Bill Hawkins: Amplify, again, we are looking at the beginning of FY'011 and on the AF, we are still working on it. The Boston AF symposium in January or possibly ACC would be when we would be presenting that data.
Bill Hawkins: Well if you look at in this whole healthcare reform, both the House and the Senate, I would tell you I mean everybody is participating here but the hospitals to some degree have I think faired the best. Their plan is to kind of bend the cost curve so over the next 10 years they will slow the rate if you will or increase and they're not going to cut. They are just going to slow the rate of increase. So, yes we will see pressure as we do every year as hospitals are looking to better manage their enterprise, but I don't think you're going to see anything sort of unusual or you'll see any inflection because of the healthcare reform.
Bill Hawkins: On Infuse as I mentioned we have eight clinical studies underway to expand indications, the most important being the Amplifier for the posterolateral indication, which as I said will be out, we hope in the first part of FY '11. So I am pretty optimistic that the biologics are in good shape going forward, we have got a lot in hopper there to really protect that franchise going forward.
Bill Hawkins: On Kyphoplasty, they are two. There is good evidence out there with the free study and we have got the [CAVIAR] and the CAFE studies underway right now. Again kyphoplasty is very different from vertebroplasty and if I look back this quarter and say where we could have maybe done a better job it would have been in differentiating kyphoplasty from vertebroplasty. There is very good evidence that supports the importance and the benefit of kyphoplasty and particularly relative to vertebroplasty.
Bill Hawkins: Well Bruce, there is always risk in this business but I don't see anything unusual from where I sit today and looking for and we are always dealing with issues that are coming up here and or coming up there but I don't see any macro trend that would say that there is something on the horizon that could disrupt the kyphoplasty or the biologics and INFUSE.
Bill Hawkins: CAVIAR is on its way out. It's a couple of years and similar for CAFE. So probably, the next important point is the two year data on the free study, which will be in the beginning of next year.
Bill Hawkins: Nothing has changed really there. It oscillates around the mean. It's been in that flattish range. We see a quarter where it's up. We see a quarter where it's a little bit down but its pretty stable I would say and the big thing is the JCAH efforts that we have underway, which were really encouraged by and plus to me just the data coming out of them made it CRT plus reverse. So I would say the core measures from JCAH, the made up CRT in the reverse are all things which we believe will give this business a bit of a tailwind.
Bill Hawkins: On the ICD's? Well, the [improved chest] study that we did a couple of years ago that we have still have underway is that we think they are very important and something which we are continuing to follow through with as we go into cardiology practices and look at their patterns for who they refer on. So that is something that we are taking more national if you will.
Bill Hawkins: Well we are not giving sort of long-term guidance here but I would say that yes, we feel good that we are in right range in the 5% to 8% and I think it's characterized well. I mean if you look at this year we are did benefit in the first quarter with the extra week but if you look at this quarter where we didn't have the extra week we delivered solid 8% constant currency growth and the outlook as Gary gave you for the rest of the year is consistent in terms of that 5% to 8% range. Going forward you are right we are going to benefit with a number of new products with CryoCath, with the InterStim sequel, Kyphon in Japan, with EnRhythm MRI, with Protecta Soletra, on the other spine side. So there is a lot in the pipeline that we think will enable us to manage the portfolio and take advantage of the fact that we have a diversified group of products and businesses.
Bill Hawkins: We're still working, obviously spending some time, a lot of time in Washington trying to do the best we can do to minimize the impact and we've got it down to the $20 billion range and we're working on deductibility and start dates and things of that sort. So that's really been where we've been primarily focused.
Bill Hawkins: I don't see any significant capital expenditures that we need to support the growth. Yes, I feel we've got a good solid, global footprint. We've made some significant investments a couple of years ago in China to put a really strong infrastructure and we're seeing the benefits of that. China has been a very strong consistent growth. Similarly, we've made some investments in India, which is a little bit behind where China is but we think that market will grow very well going forward and I said the same thing about Latin America, In fact I was down there not too long ago for the first time and encouraged by what I see for the foreseeable future for Latin America. I don't think it's not going to require a large capital investment to be able to generate that. We are continuing to invest disproportionally as it relates to adding selectively field people in different markets, whether that's again in Asia or whether it's in Latin America or whether that's even in some of the underdeveloped East European countries.
Bill Hawkins: That's a hard question to answer. We're clearly going to put a lot of weight behind the 2013 start date. We're going to learn a lot the next month as the Senate debates the Senate Bill and so I can't comment beyond that other than that we're going really work hard to do what we can to help have it start, commensurate with when we will see the benefit of coverage expansion, which is only logical.
Bill Hawkins: No. I mean, there is no color. I mean, we do expect that there maybe a panel for Amplify and so beyond if there is a panel, then that's why we have put the timeline out to that early FY11 timeframe.
Bill Hawkins: I will make a couple of comments and then Gary can add to it, but again this goes back couple of years ago when we pointed the fact that we were making some changes. If you go back two years ago, we actually started on some initiatives to reallocate resources and we took out close to 2,000 people back in FY09 and then this last year, we took out another 1,500 to 1,800 people. We, to some degree, anticipated, one, with the changes in the market around CRDM that we needed to make some changes and so we have been making those kinds of changes the last couple of years and so we're beginning to see the benefit of that. Now, it takes a little bit of time for things to really kind of kick in. So I think the initiatives that we put in place two years ago and even this last year are starting to pay a few dividends here.
Bill Hawkins: I'd say that we have (right sized) the organization in line with what we see the market growth which is in that sort of mid single digits in the CRDM space. So we have we believe a structure that is appropriate for that kind of a market growth assumption and if we see the market continue to accelerate, we will make the appropriate decisions and if we think that the market's going to for whatever reason go the other direction, we've demonstrated that we can be fairly nimble and we'll take the appropriate actions.
Bill Hawkins: Well, if I look at the numbers, I mean we're in that sort of 40% to 50% of product sales, have come from products launched in the last couple of years, okay. Arguably, maybe that's moved down from where it used to be, okay. So but we have a major focus on enterprise-wide R&D productivity and we're doing I think a lot better job on enterprise-wide portfolio management and how I did [Rick's] role following on to the structure we put in place a year ago and I think the work we're doing to really make better decisions across the enterprise is beginning to work.
Bill Hawkins: I think it's going to be the success of our new products. The things some of which we have acquired, the CryoCath's of the world, the CoreValve's of the world, some of the things that we have got in the pipeline in the Neuromodulation business, the CRDM space with the launch of Protecta and the continued success we've had with the lead. So our goal is again to be able to deliver 5% to 8% top-line growth and to generate marginal operating margin expansion on that by growing expenses normally a bit slower and be able to continue to deliver on that operating leverage. So that's kind of the formula we have put in place.
Bill Hawkins: Well, we don't build into our plan or our outlook things that we don't have inside or what we have that's a part of Medtronic today. So the guidance that we gave reflects the current outlook for the business, although we have said that we will be doing some small tuck-in acquisitions going forward, but the guidance, the 5% to 8% really reflects I think the underlying fundamentals of our current portfolio. We are investing for the long run with our ventures group. I don't think you'll see the rewards from that in the next year or two, but these are the kind of things we need to be doing. So that three, four years from now, they will begin to kick in, whether it's the [hep C] or whether some of the things we're doing, sciatica and post-op pain and some other areas that we are pretty excited about that we've been investing in recently. So again, this is all part of the kind of the business model to be able to have a balanced portfolio of investments that will enable us to have sustainable growth over the long run.
Bill Hawkins: As Gary has already talked about, we're going to return 40% to 50% in dividends and share buybacks. We will be opportunistic with the remaining cash and we do see smaller tuck-in acquisitions. So we may add something here and something there, but we like having fairly conservative position to be able to be in a good position in light of what could happen to the economy.
Bill Hawkins: Rick, I can't really comment. First of all, I don't have in front of me the kind of the details on the kind of the weekly or monthly sales. I mean as I said, this was just a solid quarter for us. We didn't see anything unusual. It's always hard looking at individual quarters, but this has been fairly consistent with we've done for the last year. In fact, if you look at our performance now in the ICD after a tough couple of years ago with (inaudible), I mean last year I am encouraged that we've seen pretty stable market share position and we're obviously going to do our best to try to improve that with a lot of the new technologies that we have in our pipeline that I've already talked about.
Bill Hawkins: Actually Europe was very strong for us this quarter. We had a very solid performance in Europe in part driven by the endovascular and the cardiovascular business I should say, but spine was good for us, the neuromodulation was good. I mean diabetes was good. It was really across the board, I mean we actually did very well in Europe this year, the last quarter.
Bill Hawkins: No. I have definite tuck-ins in the past to be fair less than a $1 billion, but when I say small that means obviously less than considerably less than a $1 billion.
Bill Hawkins: Okay. Well again on behalf of the entire management team, thanks again for your interest in Medtronic and your continued support and we wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving. So thanks for listening.
Gary Ellis: Well as you said Mike I mean we have been pleased with our progress on the operating leverage side both on the cost of sales and the SG&A where we continue to focus a lot of attention. As I mentioned in my comments, there is a lot of programs that are impacting SG&A that we have been driving across organization. We have been obviously focused on IT cost, consolidating the facilities, improving processes across the organization as we look at that and as you know we have had kind of a restructuring of the organization over the last couple of years 2008 and 2009 where we have reduced the resources in some of those functions and some of those areas and as a result that has taken the cost down. We are starting to see the benefits of that more here in this quarter as we kind of expected and we would expect we will continue to see those benefits as we move ahead. So there is a lot of things affecting the SG&A that we are trying to manage and so we are making a lot of progress in a lot of categories. The one that we are not as I mentioned in my comments is we have a little bit of a headwinds that we are fighting right now on the legal expense side, which is been higher for us over the last couple of quarters here, as I mentioned in my comments 30% uplift, really related to this government scrutiny across the industry, which has really added to our cost. So even with that we have been able to as you see the 80 to 90 basis point improvement in SG&A. We are continuing to focus on as a company and we have the plans in place to deliver on that even fighting some of the headwinds we are fighting.
Gary Ellis: Yes, we still have the same target in mind as far as achieving the overall improvement in SG&A as we've talked about and as you said in the 80 to 100 basis points. As we've indicated previously, we are trying to focus on delivering the operating margin improvement. So as much as we are still focused on SG&A, its going to come from both SG&A and improvements I think, that we can continue to get in the product cost, because again with where FX rates are going, that actually benefits the gross margin a little bit, makes it's a little bit more difficult on the SG&A side, but overall, we think we get the operating margin improvements we committed to and we are still driving towards that same kind of objective in the SG&A.
Gary Ellis: Well it was down this quarter in that sort of mid-single digits and we've got a lot underway to, if you will revive that business and I'd also point you to Japan. I mean we are still on track to getting kyphoplasty approved in Japan in early FY'011 so there are a lot of things that we are doing to substantiate that business. I mean, we still have complete confidence that this is a very important therapy for people with vertebral compression fractures, and particularly for those, with high [restoration] is important so, we're going to work hard and I can tell you, with Chris on Board now and his role and there is a lot of focus on the kyphoplasty business.
Gary Ellis: This is Gary. Let me address we really haven't gotten to the point of seeing what would be, how will that impact and what it would do the organization. Obviously we are trying to understand exactly what's going on the healthcare reform and as you indicated Bill has been and the entire organization has been very instrumental in trying to help shape this and we've been through at the table trying to work on the issue but we haven't made any decisions on whatever that tax ends up being, how that will be impacting the company, what that will do to our pricing, what that will do to our infrastructure cost and how much of that actually drops to the bottom-line. We have not made any decisions on. That will be just something we'll access obviously as we have a better understanding, exactly with the cost, I mean, what is the impact is to Medtronic.
Gary Ellis: Larry, just to add to Bill's comment, that's why in our guidance we made a statement that our guidance even for fiscal 2010 year here does not assume any medical devise tax impact. We just don't know what's going to happen there. Then it's possible that if in 2010 the Senate bill would firm up, than we'd actually have a few months of expense related item even in our fiscal 2010. So that's why, we don't know as Bill said, we don't know exactly what the answer is going to be. We're just clearly trying to drive towards the 2013 because it makes more sense just from the standpoint of when the benefit is but we'll there's a lot of things that are going to occur between now and when the final bill comes out.
Gary Ellis: Well, first, on the kyphoplasty, we have all along said that we will get approval, but reimbursement, as you know, in Japan lags the actual approval and that reimbursement is not going to kick in until the end of the fiscal year. So we are launching at the beginning FY11.
Gary Ellis: I'd just add to what Bill said. I mean, as he indicated, we've been obviously focused on this from the SG&A and the cost of sales perspective for a period of time and I guess the way I look at it is, we saw this coming. We predicted that there was going to be a little more of a impact on some of our markets than we expected and that's why we adjusted even our revenue guidance down to 5% to 8% about a year ago, because we could see that the macroeconomic conditions were impacting our markets more than what we as historically have seen. So we took that down. We made and we obviously were focused on trying to improve our overall operating margins. Even though again I remind all of you that our operating margins are some of the highest in the industry, so it's not like Medtronic has never focused on leverage on both product cost or SG&A. We're constantly focused on that. As Bill said, I think we feel that we've done the appropriate shift in between businesses and in the organization, get the resources in the right areas to continue to maintain and gain share in most of our markets and we'll continue to focus on those markets that are growing faster which right now is some of the international markets. So we're some making investments in those areas. So we think we have the right mix and we think we have the right programs in place to address this that we've been really working on for the last couple of years.
Gary Ellis: Just add to what Bill said, I mean I would say even over the last couple of quarters and we might even say more than that, but over the last couple of quarters, it's not been on the operating leverage that we have overachieved. We have obviously overachieved on the revenue side too. So as Bill said, I think we are happy to see that we are maintaining margins and gaining our market shares and started to gain market shares in some businesses and with our new product portfolios going forward, it's going to come, that over-performance is going to come both from the top and bottom line.
Gary Ellis: You are correct, Tao. If you look at it going forward, I mean it was a 75.5% to 76% we feel very comfortable with. If foreign exchange rate stay where they are at for the rest of the year, that would actually be a positive on the gross margin side and could actually push you up a little bit above the 76% range. As you know it did hurt us on the gross margin side especially in Q1 and Q2 and if the trend continues, you could see a little bit of a positive on that side as we go in the back half of the year. We are just being a little cautious right now because we don't know exactly what's going on with FX rates and so that's why we kept the 75.5% to 76%.
