Geoff Martha: Okay, thank you, Karen. Now I know GLP-1s have been on your mind, as the promise of these drugs has certainly had an outsized impact on medtech stocks, including ours, over the past four months. So I thought it would be helpful to share with you our view on their potential impact on our markets. Now, GLP-1s are clearly an exciting class of drugs for patients, and the select data presented at AHA suggests the potential for a large market. That said, the key takeaway from our analysis is that outside of a modest impact on the bariatric surgery market, which we believe will be temporary, we don't see these drugs impacting Medtronic’s growth outlook, even long-term. This expectation is based on our extensive, science-based work. Like many of you, we've modeled potential uptake and impact based on epidemiology, based on what we've seen historically with other drugs, and based on the relative risk reductions and adherence rates seen in select. So given the select results showed smaller impacts on the more obese patients, we believe that bariatric surgery will remain the gold standard for addressing obesity. We also know that many of the patients that try these drugs do not stay on them for more than a year, likely due to durability, side effects, or affordability, which creates opportunities for new patients to consider surgery. For these reasons, we believe the current headwinds on U.S. bariatric procedures will stabilize over the next several quarters and return to growth by calendar year 2025. And this is modest and manageable within our broader diversified surgical business. Now with diabetes, our customers are primarily Type I, with only 10% of our installed base in Type II insulin-dependent patients. We do expect growth in our Type II business going forward, but Type II pump penetration rates are so low that even using aggressive GLP-1 modeling assumptions, we don't see any meaningful change in our diabetes growth outlook through 2030. Now we'd be happy to discuss this in more detail in Q&A, including our view on the select trial and its potential implications for medtech. Now Before we go to the analyst questions, I'd like to close with a few brief concluding thoughts on our progress. You're seeing in our results that many of the challenges that have held back our growth have largely been mitigated, whether that's diabetes, China, or the issues in our supply chain. And we've established a track record of delivering durable mid-single-digit revenue growth, which we expect to continue in the back half of the fiscal year. We have some really compelling product approvals that drive our growth not only in the back half, but for years to come. There's been a number of things that have happened recently, big things. In the last four weeks in particular, with our TAVR data that gives us just such an advantage in the marketplace, new product approvals like EV-ICD, geographic and indication expansions. And last Friday, we got Ardian approval. This opens up a multi-billion dollar market opportunity for us. And with over 1 billion people worldwide with hypertension, the opportunity is massive. In fact, just 1% penetration of the target market represents over $1 billion of revenue. So we're focused on executing to deliver the top line. And at the same time, we're taking action to run our businesses more efficiently to counter the impacts that inflation and currency are having on our margins. And we've been implementing an extensive transformation to improve the durability of our growth. We've changed our operating model, brought in extensive new leadership, increased capital allocation to our highest growth opportunities, and are implementing a culture based on execution, speed and playing to win. And now we're positioning the company to take advantage of our scale in areas of operations and supply chain, core technology, and how we go to market with large customers around the globe. You're already seeing results from this today. And as we go forward, our focus is on translating the durable revenue growth that we've established into durable earnings power. This is a winning formula for creating value for shareholders and we are laser focused on making that happen. Now with that let's move to Q&A where we're going to try to get to as many analysts as possible, so we ask that you limit yourself to just one question and only if needed, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you can reach out to Ryan and the Investor Relations team after the call. With that, Brad, can you please give the instructions for asking a question.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Well, let me kick it off, and I'll -- thanks for the questions, Robbie, I'll kick it off and then hand it over to Karen. In terms of the headwinds being mitigated, what I'd say is the markets are pretty stable, especially relative to what we've seen over the last couple of years, with procedures, I think, back to normal growth and the staff -- in the staffing issues that are -- that were hurting the procedural growth or I think more or less under control. Pricing has been stable, we're - we can talk China later, we're working through the China VBP, but that's largely behind us. Still a little bit more to go, but largely behind us. So yes, and then our own internal, the changes to our global operations and supply chain, that was a big one for us and has been a big one. And we're seeing our teams perform much better. And like I said, we're turning that into a strength for us, a strategic long-term strength, and our supplies in a much better situation. So that's -- and then then, of course our pipeline is coming in, and I'm sure we'll get into that in the call here with a lot of new approvals plus the prior approvals that we're starting to launch, and they're having meaningful uptake. So there's where the optimism is. In terms of how to think about the back half versus the first-half and then getting into FY ‘25, I'll turn that over to Karen.
Geoff Martha: Alright. Thanks, Que. I mean so I mean, Travis and others, I mean, as you can see, you know, beyond the fact that the areas that we get questions on Type II intensive, hypertension, AFIB, obesity, besides the fact, these are just woefully underpenetrated from a medtech perspective, we've done all the analysis that, you know, Laura and Que just gave you the tip of the iceberg of. And that's why, you know, we're -- we feel strongly that, we don't see these drugs impacting medtronic's growth, medium or long-term. So I hope that answers your question and then some.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Thanks, Brett and thanks, Larry. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take the next question, please Brad.
Geoff Martha: Well, thanks for the question, Vijay, and thanks for pointing out the robust nature of the approvals. And these are really, we believe, and as you saw in the commentary, unquestionably differentiated products in large markets and growing markets that we have a high confidence in. And this gets to our commitment to make this growth durable. And as we've seen over the last couple of years, whether it be market conditions or internal things, which I am -- we are working so hard to make sure these internal boogie men disappear through changing our fundamentals, this is the -- this breadth of approvals in these high-growth markets, I believe, will help me for the first time sleep well. Because it gives you the durability that we're talking about in that revenue number, which is so important. Everything flows from there. So at this point, before we start talking about plus, I just want to make sure that we are very durable and reliable mid-single-digit growers in different types of environments, good and less good. And then we can flow from there about leverage on the P&L and things like that. So that's my overview on those three -- on the pipeline in general.
Geoff Martha: Thanks, Mike. I mean, I know there's a lot of interest in this. And look, I just emphasize Mike's comments. Step one was to have a robot that has the capabilities and strong physician acceptance. And we feel strongly that we have that. And now we're building up our experience primarily in Europe and of operating of the robot out in the wild and then really, as Mike mentioned, building out that instrument portfolio and executing on the U.S. trial so that we can launch in the U.S. That will be between the U.S. and some new instruments that will really drive a lot of growth here. So anyway, more to come on that. But thanks for the question, Vijay.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. And yes, clearly, I think you're seeing asset prices come down. And it's a tough operating environment. I think they're going to continue to come down, in the mid-cap space in particular and below. And we definitely have the capabilities, as you pointed out, to do bigger deals. All that being said, our focus still is on tuck-ins. And we've got a lot of big organic -- or now organic programs between just Ardian, the robot, PFA, diabetes, I mean, the list goes on. There's a lot of big organic pipeline going up against these high-growth markets that we're really focused on. And I would augment that with the appropriate tuck-ins. So I'm not going to -- I don't think we're really focused on, and we're not going to signal that we're focused on any kind of bigger deals at this point.
Geoff Martha: Well, I'll ask -- thanks for the question. I'm going to ask Mike to take the Hugo question and I'll follow-up on that one.
Geoff Martha: Yes, and just to build on that, I mean, we talked about -- we call it robotics, but I would argue it's broader than that. And this isn't the first time we're out to change the dynamics of an entire market. That's what we're doing in the spine market right now. And it goes beyond robotics. It gets into interoperative imaging or visualization navigation, presurgical, AI-based planning. And like with -- and Mike's role here with Hugo, we've got Touch Surgery Enterprise, which is a leading digital platform with AI-driven digital platform. And like you're seeing in spine that's played out over the last couple of years, it's changing the competitive dynamics or what's important in the marketplace for our physicians and even patients. And you're seeing the impact as what you're seeing in the spine market as many competitors. It takes a lot of expertise. It takes a lot of capital to make this happen. And you're seeing competitors fall by the wayside. And I know there's been a big one here recently with NuVasive and Globus coming together, and we'll see how that plays out. But I believe we've demonstrated an ability to do this. And this is the kind of experience. And I know we're up against a big competitor in Intuitive in the surgical space, but we believe we've got a lot to offer here. And we are going to drive a change in how people think about the space and the competitive dynamics, and we're really confident and excited about that. So with that, I think we'll bring the call to close. Thanks for sticking with us a little longer. And I really appreciate the questions and the support and continued interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our continued progress on our Q3 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Tuesday, February 20. With that, thanks for joining us today. And for those in the U.S., I'd like to wish you and your families a very happy Thanksgiving this week and enjoy the holiday and stay safe. Thank you.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Geoff and Robbie. So just on the back half, Robbie, our comps do get a little tougher as you know, but we've got a really strong innovation pipeline that we talked about. And that’s driving growth acceleration actually from the first-half to the second-half. We’ve got our diabetes business returning to growth in the second-half, we talked about our extensive pipeline, EV-ICD, PFA, Hugo, Evolut FX,. and now the Ardian approval. And so we're confident in this growth acceleration, and we're confident that, that's going to continue beyond the back half of next year. We think about FY ‘25, you know, it's still early. We have two quarters left in this fiscal year, and we're laser focused on delivering the rest of this year. We're also at the beginning of our planning process, so we're not ready to give specifics. But I do know that all of you are working on your calendar year models for our competitors. So happy to give you some perspective based on what we know today and what we're thinking about. And I'll start with revenue, because we've been focused on consistently delivering that mid-single-digit revenue growth, and you've seen us do that for four quarters now. Our new full-year guide for this fiscal year is 4.75%. And as I mentioned, we've got the strength of those numerous product approvals in big markets that are launching around the world to help drive our back half growth. And, obviously, we're confident that strength will continue into next year and beyond. On margins and down the P&L, there are some puts and takes. We've got inflation stabilizing a bit, but it's still higher than historical, but again, it's stabilizing. Currency is dynamic, and as you know, the U.S. dollar's been strong. So we're likely facing a headwind from FX, but we'll see how that shakes out. Global Tax Reform will likely be a headwind. But as always, we're focused on driving offsets everywhere that we can. Geoff talked about it, we've made progress on cost of goods sold and cost out, starting with centralizing our global ops team. We have work to do, but those teams now have tangible programs in place to drive that work. And we'll continue to drive pricing as an important lever. We've built a new muscle on pricing, and our focus is to keep it strong. We've been working hard on controlling expenses, and that includes maintaining discipline on our largest driver of our expense, which is our headcount. So I hope that gives you some color on just the puts and takes. But to summarize, I'll remind you what hasn't changed? And that's our long range commitment of driving durable mid-single-digit top growth, of driving leverage down the P&L, of driving a strong free cash conversion and a growing dividend, which all combined ultimately, delivers a double-digit total shareholder return. What has changed though is our progress toward that commitment. You've already seen us at mid-single-digit top line. We've talked about the strong pipeline that gives us confidence in its durability. And, obviously, we've talked about the programs we have in place. Whether it's in headcount management, COGS, cost down, pricing discipline, and they're all levers to help us offset the headwinds and over time, establish that same durability on the bottom line.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Travis, thanks for the question. Clearly, next year and beyond, we're focused on driving that leverage down the P&L that I talked about. And, obviously, when you drive leverage, it's your bottom line's faster than your top line. But at this stage, it's still early. We're at the beginning of our planning process, and we're going to give you more on FY ‘25 as we are ready to guide.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Kristen, for the question. We're continuing to work on the separation of that and our focus through all of it is to maximize shareholder value. No big updates.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Rich. I would say we saw strength throughout the second quarter no matter what month you looked at. And I think that's driven in part by just the strength of our product offering. When we look at the first few weeks of this quarter and how that's been trending, it's been trending well. We're tracking to the expectations that we set in our guidance at this stage.
