Ryan Weispfenning: Good morning, and welcome to Medtronic's Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Video Webcast. I am Ryan Weispfenning, Vice President and Head of Medtronic Investor Relations. Before we start the prepared remarks, I am going to share with you a few details to keep in mind about today's webcast. Joining me are Geoff Martha, Medtronic Chief Executive Officer and Karen Parkhill, Medtronic Chief Financial Officer. Geoff and Karen will provide comments on the results of our second quarter, which ended on October 30, 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll take questions from the sell side analysts that cover the company. Today's events should last about an hour. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release containing our financial statements and a divisional and geographic revenue summary. We also posted an earnings presentation that provides additional details on our performance which can be accessed from our earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com. During today's webcast, many of the statements we make may be considered forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports and other filings that we make with the SEC and we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement. Unless we say otherwise, all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis and are given on an organic basis which adjust for foreign currency. There were no acquisitions made in the last year that had a significant impact on our quarterly revenue growth. All references to share gains or losses are on a calendar quarter basis unless otherwise stated. Finally, reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found on the attachment to our earnings press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com. And with that, let's get started.
Ryan Weispfenning: Great. Thank you, Bob. Let's next go to the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. David, please go ahead.
Ryan Weispfenning: Thank you, Robbie. Let's next go to the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay, please go ahead.
Ryan Weispfenning: Thanks, Vijay. Let’s next go to the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Larry.
Geoffrey Martha: Okay, thank you, Karen. Now to wrap up, I hope you're seeing the strong execution that our organization is delivering. I want to take a moment to thank our employees across the globe for the great performance they have collectively produced this quarter. To sum up the second quarter, we're improving our growth, advancing our pipeline and winning share and we're doing all of this while operating in the midst of a global pandemic, and while we make bold and comprehensive changes to our operating model. And one last note regarding our operating model, we're making solid progress on decentralizing and de-layering our businesses. We're empowering our 20 operating units, gaining greater visibility into our end markets, upping our competitive game and holding our business leaders more accountable. We're leveraging the strengths of our enterprise by centralizing manufacturing and certain core technology development. We've increased our focus on allocating capital to our best opportunities and we're supplementing this with an increased cadence of tuck-in acquisitions. And we're enhancing the culture of this company by increasing our competitiveness and being bold, adding these on top of all the great attributes of our mission driven culture. We expect this to lead to more innovation, accelerate our growth, and unlock a lot of value for our shareholders. So with that, let's now move to Q&A.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, just Bob on the tender, I say, I think it is in the -- over the next couple of quarters, it's going to be a headwind, because we're going to have a lot of volume increase here matter of fact that, but it's going to be offset by the price decrease. And so, but we view it as strategic over time, because this is going to be one of the tip of the spear, if you will, for more aggressively taking our commercial organization into the lower tier cities, the rural cities in China, tier two, tier three and it will also help us pull through other products around coronary today plus in the future with TAVR and renal denervation. So, not happy about the short-term impact. I think long-term, this is, like I said, a strategic and we'll see the volume, the Chinese Government has been reaching out to us and working with us to make sure we're prepared, because they're expecting us to have a pretty dramatic increase in volume here. So we'll see how this plays out, but we do think that over the next couple of quarters it's more of a headwind than a tailwind.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, David, on the M&A, it's obviously it's hard to predict, right? I mean, but, I would suspect a similar cadence of these tuck-in types of deals. Again, it is hard to predict, but it is, like I said, part of our strategy, it's something that we're looking to do to augment our R&D.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure, Robbie, I will turn that one over to Sean with one edit, not if it happens, but when the turnaround happens, so Sean will talk to that.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks, Larry, for that one. Yes, China is a strategic market for us and we are watching this tender process closely. Anyway, sorry, here there is a beep on the line here and hopefully that will stop here, hopefully. Anyway, in terms of China, we do think it's more contained for us at least for a couple of reasons. One, the coronary stent business is one of the few businesses at Medtronic that does have less differentiation, I would say in the industry. The industry itself, the products aren't as differentiated as we see in some of our other segments. And the other dynamic that there was unique here is that 80% of the drug-eluting stent market in China was already local, so they had alternatives there. And those two dynamics, the differentiation, the lower differentiation, and a robust local market, that doesn't exist in most of the segments that we compete in, in China. So we do think it is we don't have a lot of exposure to that type of impact from a tender going forward. And matter of fact, this is where our diversification helps us. We've got a lot of growth levers in China and I do believe it is, still remains a bigger, a big growth opportunity despite some of these tender headwinds.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks for the question, Matt. On that one, right now, like we do believe to the extent that there is pressure from the second wave or this spike, if you will, it is limited, as Karen said, both in depth and time. Like I mentioned, pre-vaccine hospital CEOs, we talk to them all the time, dozens a week and their narrative has remained the same in that they've learned a lot of lessons and how to safely continuous elective cases despite COVID-19 and they have been able to treat COVID patients more efficiently and they believe that even in this spike, that they'll be able to continue elective cases. We are seeing some pressure in some areas, but like I said before and then Karen mentioned earlier, we do believe that's limited. Now, in terms of your question, once we get through once the vaccine is out there, and it's like pretty much an all clear signal for patients that are considered that may have been holding back, I haven't heard anybody talking about like a bolus of patients. I think we have worked through by and large, there is a little bit of a backlog out there still, but we have worked through a lot and in our more elective areas, if you will, but by and large we've worked through a lot of that, and that backlog is relatively small. And we're starting to get back to more of a kind of steady-state run rate here. And so, given all that, I wouldn't expect a big bolus. But, we could be surprised that this is, I wish there were a little more science around some of the numbers there, but we are trying to quantify as much as the feedback we're getting, but I haven't heard anything about a bolus of patients waiting out there for the next year.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks for the question, Rick. And it would be nice to say that the master plan had that big of an impact so quickly, but I think in reality, it is the product launches, that's what's really driving the near term results, like I said, the product portfolio, and the pipeline rather, is the best we've ever had. And we've got products launching now, which we listed a lot of those and then we've got products, over the next 18 to 24 months. And the disruptive nature of those products in the next 18 to 24 months, in and of itself has created a lot of energy across the company as people can feel the near term impact of these products and things like, we mentioned in the commentary here our ablation business or cryoablation business being with this new England Journal of Medicine data being now a frontline therapy for AFib and taking that information and that opportunity and making the most of it. That type of approach is getting people excited. So I think right now, it's really about the product launches. Over time, though, I think the changes that we made, the decentralization, the unnesting of these operating units, these 20 operating units, and pushing them to be bold, to think big, be bold, and maximize their opportunity and you know what, don't be afraid to fail or I mean, we don't want to fail, but if we're too conservative, we're not going to take advantage of these massive opportunities in front of us like RD and like renal denervation, like soft tissue robot, like the example I just gave for our ablation business. AFib is a massive under diagnosed problem here and we've got all kinds of therapies for this. So that is creating an energy across the company that I anticipate over time will translate into, I'd say above market growth and really expand the number of patients that we're serving. And I'll end on this, we talk about, we touch or impact the lives of two patients every second and that's a pretty amazing statistic. But when you do the math, it's like 80 million people a year. Well, there's over 7.5 billion people in the world and so I'd like to kind of reframe that question is like, why are we doing so few, given the technology that we have, and really expand that patient base? And that kind of approach is creating a lot of new thinking and energy that I think over time will take hold here, because we've got big plans here. And but what you're seeing now is good, but I think we can do better over time.
Geoffrey Martha: I think basically, Matt, what we're hearing is that, two things and it's and most of our feedback, I'd say 75% of it is coming from the U.S. hospitals, and then the rest from Europe, I'd say. But in the United States, in particular, the two things that would have to happen, again given everything we said about the lessons learned and the commitment to hospitals, the commitment to keep elective cases going. The two things that could derail them is literally they run out of space, from so many COVID patients, and it becomes like a real estate issue within the hospital, that would impact obviously elective cases. They would be deprioritized there. And in some cases, we're seeing that we're getting closer to that level of capacity. So that's what we're watching. And the second would be some sort of statewide mandate that could happen, it's in today's political climate, I think it'd be foolish to try to predict anything. But, some sort of statewide mandate could happen as well. So those are the two things and I think the hospital CEOs and executives are more worried about the first thing. And some of the larger systems have the luxury that are more regional of moving patients around, both COVID patients and elective patients, you can move elective procedures from one hospital to the next in some of these larger systems. So that's -- they're really doing their best to manage those two things. But that's why we're, I guess, cautiously optimistic that the impact of this second wave will be limited, that and with the optimism of the vaccine news is another driver here.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, this is like a trend that we're starting to see where our kind of definition of market development is expanding to not just to the specialist physicians around the world that we're used to dealing with, but to more the general practitioners and in this case, even and just general cardiologists, and to the patients themselves. And so this is a muscle that this kind of hybrid b2c b2b, b2c, this kind of go-to-market, this muscle of market development we need to develop, because there's other areas across the company that we're seeing this. Obviously, diabetes is more in this camp. And this is something that Medtronic, even a lot of Medtech historically haven't done, but I do think it's a muscle we need to develop here.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, so capital, it is obviously the capital budgets in hospitals are pressured, but we're finding two things that are helping us out. One is that our capital tends to be, is tied to, for them profitable elective procedures like in spine and so that helps a lot. And the other thing is providing flexible financing options is the second one. So although there is some pressure on just general capital, when that capital is supporting an elective procedure that is profitable and critical to the hospital's financial recovery, that's really helping and so they're continuing to have these conversations with us, and they're continuing to buy capital and I think, talking to our spine division the other day, they anticipate, the Mazor sales to get back to normal levels here, so which is evidence of what I just said. And the second thing that's helping is, we're worked with a number of financing companies to provide various different financial or flexible financial solutions for the hospitals. So those two things have really helped us. And although that it's, there is some pressure, it's not like maybe you might see with general imaging or something like that.
Geoffrey Martha: Okay, and thanks everybody for the questions and the great engagement and we really appreciate your support and the continued interest in our company. We will, we hope that you'll join us for our Q3 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on February 23, where we'll update you on our continued quarterly progress. So thanks for tuning in today stay healthy and safe. And for those in the U.S., I'd like to wish you and your families a very Happy Thanksgiving and have a great day, everybody.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thank you, Bob, for that question. We were pleased with the geographic results that we saw. You are right, Europe was up and certain parts of Asia were up. China was down, but that was really due to the national tender. Absent the impact of the national tender, China would have been in strong growth territory. And on the tender, it was really close to what we expected. We – it was hard to predict, but we were pleased to be one of the five finalists in the tender. So we expect to be gaining share or gaining share and volume as a result of that.
Karen Parkhill: That's correct, Bob. What we've seen in the first couple of weeks in November is higher than what we saw in the similar weeks in the second quarter. That said, the first few weeks of a quarter don't necessarily make a trend. So we'll be closely watching any impact from the COVID surge. I would say that if these trends continue, and there's only a limited impact from the COVID surge, we do expect or our revenue could be flat to slightly up in the third quarter.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thanks for that question, David. Clearly, we have been focused on investing for the long-term through this pandemic. And as a result, our margins are a little bit more depressed than normal. We have said that we expect to be back to more normal margins in the fourth quarter all along and we continue to expect that. In terms of the drop-through of the additional revenue, we did have some period expensing on the manufacturing front as well, similar to last quarter. We expect that to not be a headwind next quarter. And we continue to invest below the gross margin line and particularly as we're focused on, driving the right commercial launches of some of our new products. And so, we're focused on investing appropriately, and ultimately getting our margins back to normal by the fiscal fourth quarter.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. And David, in terms of the revenue contribution, much of what we bought this year are really early stage tuck-ins and it goes along the lines of grow, what we buy don't buy growth. So these acquisitions are really expected to be larger contributors to revenue in the years ahead. The combined expected revenue contribution for the rest of this fiscal year is small. And we'll obviously evaluate whenever revenue from an acquisition becomes meaningful to a business, we will certainly adjust it from our organic results until we anniversary that. So, the one that we may end up adjusting for starting in next quarter is Companion Medical, because it could be impactful to the diabetes business alone, but certainly not to the total company.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thanks for that question, Robbie. It's early. Obviously, we're still five months away from starting our fiscal '22 and we're really working on our plans right now. Plus, the pandemic makes it a little more difficult to forecast. So I would say, we'll wait to give more color or guidance on FY '22, likely as we normally do on our fourth quarter earnings call, but clearly, you can expect that our growth should be higher than normal next fiscal year off of the depressed space and because we continue to launch our pipeline of products.
Karen Parkhill: Great, thanks, Larry, for the questions. In terms of normal operating margins in Q4, we're thinking about that pre-COVID for the full year, so roughly around the 29% level. And then in terms of consensus, we clearly talked about revenue in the third quarter if trends continue and there's limited impact to COVID being around the flat to slightly up, which is higher than where consensus currently is and that would flow through down to margins as we've discussed approximately 200 bps sequentially higher from the second quarter and so flow through to the bottom-line. So that's what I would say on the Q3 consensus and Q4 because we've said all along that we expect to be back to more normal growth on a two-year stack basis and more normal margins consensus is roughly right there already.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thanks for that question, Chris. The reserve impact from the China tender is really because we've got product in the dealer channel, and we needed to compensate for the price that will be impacted in the dealer channel as soon as the tender is effective, so that's what's going on there. In terms of go forward, obviously, the price go forward is 95% lower and so that will continue to impact us, but it was a bit of a larger impact now, since we had to do the reserve as well as the shorter impact for the quarter.
Sean Salmon: Okay, great. Thanks for the question, Robbie. So over the next six to 12 months, really the focus is going to be on rolling out the new pump platforms. We're off to a really, really good start for the European launch of the 780G. So we're in, I think, now 12 countries. We will continue to roll those out. As time goes on here, the 770G as just said just started its initial launch in the U.S. and we've had really strong demand for that, as we've got a number of these upgrade pathways in place. So the pathway upgrade from existing 670G as well as the next tech pathway to get people to come into the new pumps. We've seen an increase in the proportion of patients as new starts in the U.S. as compared to just replacements of in-warranty patients coming out of the warranty and, of course, Companion Medical is going to be a big focus. We've got now the integration with our CGM in real-time, which is a big deal. As we improve the sensor experience, that's going to get to be even more of a big deal. But more importantly, we've now trained up and have the entire sales force with this in their bag now in the U.S., as opposed to just the small sales force that came with Companion acquisition. So I think the near term, those are the priorities, but we will look forward into what's next, obviously, the 780G launch for the U.S. is a big deal. The Zeus sensor globally would be a really important driver for us, and then a smaller product, but an important one. We just started a limited launch in Finland, it's for a seven-day infusion sets, this allows you to wear this infusion set for almost twice as long as what is normally required. And that product we raised in the U.S. we just locked the database on that. So we should expect that to be a part of the mix going forward. Of course, all of this flows. So you have hardware out there, it's upgradable by software to 780 and beyond. You've got the compatibility designed in for the sensor pipeline as well as extended wear infusion sets. So I think we're setting up for a really nice cadence of products that will traverse into growth.
Sean Salmon: Yes, so Vijay, I think that there's a point of smaller proportion of the market that is waiting for the tide pool to become available. So I think the capabilities of that algorithm are really not anything advantaged over what that we have in the pipeline is certainly what's available currently in the market. So I think the idea that this rather is pump, and you can kind of pick your components is appealing to some and to others, quite frankly, having to chase two or three companies around in order to kind of get your questions answered, track down what your challenges may be, is just not the kind of experience a lot of people are looking for. They kind of want a one stop shop where they can get everything they need and all their questions answered in a single place and that's, of course, the advantage that will accrue to us as we get our pipeline of products out there. So I'd say it's really much, it is more of a niche opportunity and really not a big focus. I don't see a lot of people waiting for it.
Sean Salmon: Yes, sure. So the situation we have, I think, as you probably already know is that the FDA's division that regulates the diabetes sector is also involved in a lot of the COVID diagnostics work. So it's really been a resource drain on their part for medical reviewers in particular. So at their request, we're pulling together a lot of parts to that submission, including the pediatric data and not separating that out from just the adult data, so one submission for all patients, as well as the integration of the Zeus sensor into that package. So that's the summary of the package, how we can consolidate down to fewer component parts that need to be reviewed, which will add efficiency for them and the time to market for us for the entire package.
