William Hawkins: Principally, it is the CRDM. It's a bit in the neuro business and a little bit even in the vascular business, but it's primarily in the CRDM. And there are a couple factors here. One, it was the slowdown in the market. The run rate slowed down. So that had an impact on hospitals taking more inventory when they were burning off inventory, and I think it's also just their preservation of capital.
William Hawkins: It's just so hard to predict what's going to happen with the FDA. The inspection has been underway. No additional concerns have come forth to date, so we've worked really hard to really address a number of issues and really be in a good position to move forward, but we're just hesitant to make any predictions based on the experience we've had with the FDA.
William Hawkins: Well, first, Mike, I think on the demand side, when you look at the prevalence of low back pain, it's the second most common reason people go to see a physician, and as you know the number of people who are actually getting instrumented through fusions or having a surgical operation is still a very small percent. And I think as the technology continues to evolve, as we advance more minimally invasive approaches, whether it's the direct lateral approach or whether using some of the navigation technologies that we have, I believe we're going to be able to continue to grow the overall market. For Medtronic, we've been very transparent about some rebuilding that we've had underway, and the investments that we've been making, and a number of new products beginning with Solera and the TSRH 3Dx and Vertex Select, there's just whole series of products which we believe are targeted right at where the market is going, so we're optimistic over the long run, but we're in a very - a period now that it's a bit uncertain.
William Hawkins: It's always hard looking at quarter to quarter to make really any conclusive comments, but one of the things about this business, as we know there is kind of good news bad news. There is a lot of traction, and stickiness in the overall marketplaces and we'll see at the end of the year overall what happens. We know there are many accounts where we have gained share. So we're ourselves trying to really unravel what happened in this quarter. So that's really about as much I know at this point.
William Hawkins: I would say it's about half and half. Our best estimates would suggest that the procedure volumes and even mix in some cases in our spine business, it's the revenue per procedure as hospitals or physicians are doing rather than two-level fusions, maybe one-level fusion and they're looking at the kinds of materials they're using going from maybe PEEK materials to titanium materials, so there's a factor there. But again, it's really difficult to be very precise but our estimate is it's half volume and half price.
William Hawkins: No. We've never been a company to lead with price. Even today, our product portfolio, we believe stands very strong against anybody's technologies out there and we're clearly excited about Protecta even on the next level with the unique features around SmartShock technology. But today we have a very competitive product line.
William Hawkins: The ICD market - in the U.S. we actually see the initial implants being flat to negative, and outside the U.S. it's to the mid-single digits. So the overall market is in that sort of 0% to 3% range. And then on the -
William Hawkins: Worldwide the pacing is - the market was a bit softer. It's down to the low-, mid-single digits in that roughly 5% constant currency range.
William Hawkins: It's really hard to forecast in this kind of a turbulent time what the long term sustainable market growth rate is, but our view is particularly in the segments we're in, and with the prevalence of chronic disease and the aging of the population, just the demographic itself would suggest that the growth is higher than what we're seeing in the near term. But there's just a lot of factors here at play, and as Gary said, for us it's really all about innovation. It's our ability to bring forth technologies that clearly demonstrate both clinical and economic value, and then you multiply that times the demographics. We think there is upside to what we have put out there as near term market growth, but until we see things sort of change a bit, it's prudent for us to be conservative.
William Hawkins: One thing that we did mention, but there is a trend, kind of a mega trend, with hospitals purchasing more and more physician practices and working to get physicians to recognize the cost of the procedures and I think that's playing a bit into what we're saying, say even in the spine business, as they're looking at the cost per procedure and looking at how they can reduce the overall cost per procedure without compromising patient care. And so there is, I believe, effort along those lines to try to look at the total cost. And so that's in play, and again, that puts the onus back on us to be able to clearly demonstrate that when we bring out PEEK materials that there is very clear evidence to support the clinical benefit of using a different material versus, say, a titanium.
William Hawkins: And that's where we're investing. We're investing a lot in clinical evidence. The number of clinical studies we have across the enterprise, I think, is unparalleled in the industry.
William Hawkins: I think we're in the early to mid phases. I was with a very large hospital chain recently for my annual visit and the comment was made that this year versus last year they've purchased three times as many as they had before, in terms of clinical practices. So I think it's a trend that's happening.
William Hawkins: In both cases, both emerging therapies and emerging markets, we've been making investments for some time and we're beginning to see the fruits of those investments come to bear. When you look at CoreValve and you look at what's happening with the endo business, the interstim business, the peripheral business, even the continuous glucose monitoring, it's meaningful revenues for us at double digit kind of growth rates. Same thing in terms of the emerging markets. We talked about many years ago, four or five years ago, we invested in China as an example, set it up as a separate business, and I was over there two weeks ago and I couldn't be more enthusiastic about the long term prospects for where China is. I mean, it's close to a half a billion dollars run rate right now and it's growing at 20% plus a quarter. So we're making those investments and we have been in the other markets like India and Brazil and so we're confident that these are going to be strong markets over the long run, and as it relates to the impact on the gross margin, if you look today at our sales outside the U.S. basically the margins are very similar to what we see here in the U.S. So we're not really building in too much dilution, if you will, for the mix shift more to emerging markets or markets outside the U.S.
William Hawkins: I think it reinforces very much what we have been doing in terms of both on the strategic side, reallocating resources, to really invest in very differentiated technologies that not only help us to gain share but also help us to grow new markets. And secondly, what we're doing from a strategic tuck in. The series of acquisitions that we've done the last couple of years, from the CoreValve to the atrial fibrillation, to the ATS, which kind of leverages our global footprint, even the Osteotech which again as well takes advantage of our extensive footprint in the overall spine and biologic space. So I feel sort of reassured that the strategies in this particular turbulent market are the right ones, and similarly the things that we've been doing with our One Medtronic and really taking advantage of our size and scale and doing more to be able to take cost out, which we've been able to show that they're working, as we just did this quarter with the kind of results we had on the bottom line given the softness on the top line. And this is an ongoing process of looking across the whole enterprise. The results that we've had the last two years I think reassure me that we're doing the right things and we're going to continue to work hard at it.
William Hawkins: Well, we actually have some fairly innovative business model, if you will, changes going on in different markets around the world and we'll see how these pan out. We've been I think very innovative in looking at certain markets and exploring, experimenting with different ways of distributing our products. And so absolutely, we're looking at everything, recognizing that we're in a very dynamic era right now.
William Hawkins: Well, physicians are still really the primary decision makers in terms of what the appropriate therapy for a patient and if they believe that a patient should get a single level fusion or a multiple level infusion and they have the evidence to support that they will push hard for it in any circumstance, even if they get payer pushback. And so again, I think it comes back down to the basic demand, and as I said I really believe that the demand over time will be there as the population ages and we see the changing of the demographics. But right now there's again a number of dynamics given the economy, with the unemployment levels, with the raising of deductibles, with the COBRA benefits expiring. I think that we're in this just kind of a transition phase as we're trying to figure out what's going to happen long term with the economy, and I'm confident we'll get through this and that people will return to going to see the doctors and the doctors will then basically prescribe what's the right therapy.
William Hawkins: Well, it's a hard question to answer. We have been seeing, actually for a period here, the CRDM market - the ICD market I should say, in that sort of flat to modestly down range and buoyed a bit by the replacement cycle. But there are a number of catalysts that we thing are going to ultimately sort of reinforce the importance of this therapy. One, the [unintelligible] CRT, I don't think has really kicked in yet. The work that we've talked about on this joint commission, getting into the guidelines, the whole notion that you have to basically have a patient go through a consult. And then it comes back to innovation. It's our ability to bring forth the kind of products like Protecta that really address the concerns that some physicians have around inappropriate shocks. So there are a number of catalysts which I believe will offset some of the things that we're seeing today and that this market will be like the pacemaker market and it will be a market that grows commensurate with the overall demographic growth.
William Hawkins: Bruce, it's hard to argue with that, although I think the demand side could be greater than the 5% as I indicated. When you think about just the very small percentage of people who are ultimately getting some intervention today versus the number of people who suffer from chronic back pain, and as we bring out more minimally invasive technologies that will overcome some of the concerns that many physicians have. I think we could see that unit case volume increase, but I think that the mid-single digits is a fair assumption right now.
William Hawkins: Well, I tried to be very clear as I can and candid as I can about the challenge that we have as everyone else is, and trying to really predict what's going to happen in the next nine months, notwithstanding the next couple of years. But again, I think our view is that there is still - the demand for the things that we're doing is still there. The people on the diabetes side, on the whole cardiac side, the whole neuromodulation side, so there's underlying fundamentally strong demand and right now I think the people - there's just a - we're in this kind of inflection with just the turbulence in the economy and it's just making it very difficult for all of us to try to forecast going forward. But the solution, for us is just to continue to be focused on bringing forth technologies that can clearly be supported by strong evidence, both from a clinical point of view as well as from an economic point of view. And then maybe just one kind of closing comment to that point. As I said earlier I really believe that the things that we're doing are the right things in terms of tuning our business model and the investments that we've been making to diversify our portfolio away from just being a spine business, and a CRDM business, and we're encouraged to see good growth in diabetes. We still believe there's strong growth opportunities in the neuromodulation, the surgical technologies, and even in many of the new technologies, the transcatheter valves, the endovascular. So we're in that kind of transition phase of investing a lot in the emerging therapies, in the emerging markets, to enable us to be able to continue to deliver market leading performance.
William Hawkins: Okay. Before closing the call, I just would like to reiterate that Q1 was a difficult quarter and a challenging environment, and we were surprised by how the market slowdown, as we discussed, how it escalated in late June and July. At the same time, I was disappointed by our performance in a couple of businesses. But despite the turbulent markets, we remained focused on our core strategies of growth and innovation, and we're going to leverage our financial strength, including our strong free cash flow generation, to fuel disciplined investment and return to our shareholders. Our diversified portfolio, our rich pipeline, our strong global footprint, and world class capabilities and talent position us well to deliver market-leading performance over the long run. So on behalf of the management team here, we thank you for your interest in Medtronic and your continued support. Thank you. 
Gary Ellis: Just overall, it's tough to estimate exactly where that's at, but our estimate is somewhere in that $20 million to $30 million range is what we've missed, based on historical levels, and that's all we can tell is based on historical levels, we think there's about $20 million to $30 million that was missed there at the end of the quarter.
Gary Ellis: They're still in. The FDA is still in, so they haven't even completed their investigation at this point in time, so until they do we're just trying to be conservative.
Gary Ellis: I think the other key would be, on that Mike, obviously the introduction of the new products. As you know in this marketplace as Bill said share is very sticky and we expect that we would clearly get back - when Boston was back in the market they would gain back a lot of the share. They gained it back faster than we expected, but the reality is it's all tied to having new products, and that's why important for us to get the Protecta, and some of our left heart leads launched here in the U.S., which where we seem to - the positive results of those products internationally - we expect to have the same thing in the U.S.
Gary Ellis: Yes, with respect to revenue it does not include Osteotech. The guidance that we're giving includes obviously the ATS, Invatec. Osteotech we have not put in our numbers yet because obviously we don't know when it's going to close for sure and so we've held that out of the guidance at this point. But it does include Invatec and ATS Medical as you mentioned, and as we have highlighted before, for the full year that pretty much offsets the extra week benefits. The reality is that 2% to 5% for the full year is kind of what we’re expecting and the benefit from the acquisitions are kind of offsetting the negative impact that we had from the extra week in the prior year. But it does include ATS and Invatec. As far as the tax rate goes, yes it includes the R&D tax credit. We're assuming that that will, based on discussions we're hearing from Congress, we think that will get reinstated later this calendar year, so we have put that into our numbers and that's reflected in the tax rate I provided.
Gary Ellis: Well basically, with respect to the cost of goods sold, we were pleased by what we saw there and there's a slight FX benefit as I mentioned in my comments, of about 20 basis points. But that's a relatively minor benefit from the currency side. So overall we do believe we can maintain at 75.5% to 76% ranges as we said for the full year, which is a little bit down from Q1, but basically kind of right in line with that. The reality is the cost initiatives - and we were just trying now to react to the marketplace. You're absolutely right. We would not be able to maintain our margins, and we would see our margins falling, with the pricing pressures we are seeing more in some of the marketplaces we're in. But obviously as you know there are initiatives we started almost three years ago to take product cost out, so that is occurring. That's happening. It's already in place and the product cost is coming out and is already baked into our numbers. It's not an initiative we have to start to try to figure out how to reduce cost. And so I feel pretty confident, even with the mix. If you think about it, with the mix that we've talked about here in this quarter with two of our larger businesses, and maybe even higher margin businesses, CRDM and spinal are having a difficult quarter, the reality is we still were able to maintain margin. So I'm pretty confident we get these new products launched, get some of the price uplifts we would expect from that, that yes, we'll be able to maintain the margins kind of in that 76% range.
Gary Ellis: And that's obviously with volume being higher than that with some price decline both in a few - low-single digits in ICDs and mid-single digits we've talked about in pacing. So volume's a little bit higher than that.
Gary Ellis: Let me kind of take that first Bob, and then Bill can add onto it. Overall, as we've talked about many times, and we've even seen in our results this quarter, innovation is the key to making sure we can maintain our pricing levels, and so, as we've even seen with some of the new products launched, obviously even outside the U.S., whether it's Protecta, Solera, as we launch that product, etc. even in the U.S., we are seeing the price uplift. That's the key for us, is providing value in the products, and if we can provide value, new value, in the products, we think we can - will be able to maintain our pricing relatively consistently. Doesn't mean it's not going to be coming down. We will continue to see prices decline, but we don't think they're necessarily going to accelerate. In fact we would assume that if we can get these new products launched that we'll be able to maybe even mitigate a little bit what we've seen here recently in the marketplace. That being said, we have planned, and will continue to plan, on the fact that there will continue to be pricing pressure in our markets and we're going to continue to take product costs down. We've talked about the initiative to reduce the billion dollars in product costs by FY12. We're well on our way on that, so we still have two more years under that program, to get that down, and we will continue those efforts. We still think there's opportunities to continue to reduce our product costs, to make sure that we can, to the extent possible, maintain our overall gross margins in that 75% to 76% range. So the key is innovation and value provided in the products, and then making sure that we take the product cost out to the extent we can to maybe maintain those margins.
Gary Ellis: Overall, we're assuming the market continues to be in that 3% to 4% range, and if you do the math on the numbers that we would say for the next three quarters, it would basically kind of have you in that 3.5% to 6% growth for overall. So that would assume at the lower end of that we're basically just growing where the market is, at the higher end of the range you would assume some share uplifts. The biggest thing you have to remember is in Q1 we had some of the toughest comparisons, for example on Kyphon, that negative drag will go away. But no, we do expect that we're going to see some uplift from some of the new products being launched but the majority of what we're saying is - we're not assuming our markets improve. We're assuming the markets are in that 3% to 4% range. We'll be at that level and [unintelligible] slight uplift depending on when some of these new products get launched.
Gary Ellis: There's no question, as Bill said, that it's going to be an increased focus on economic evidence and clinical evidence to support these new technologies. We've seen that over the last year or two and I think that's going to continue to be of increasing importance as far as getting new technologies really accepted in the marketplace and adopted in the marketplace.
Gary Ellis: I would say for Q2 that we would want you to be a little bit lower and towards the bottom lower end of that range. Again, the 2% to 5% that we've talked about, we would want you to be kind of going towards the lower end of that range until some of the new products launch, because obviously as we've talked about until we see actually where the markets are at. So if anything I would say Q2 a little bit slower and then Q3 and Q4 would be a little bit more than that. But there's not a dramatic change. I'd be a little softer in Q2.
Gary Ellis: Just to add to what Bill said, we are trying different pilots and doing different things in different markets to see what value the customer has, not only in our products but our services that we've always provided, because as you know our business has been very not only product intensive but very service intensive in the past, and the question is not only on the product side how much value do they place in the product but how much value do they place in the service component itself? And so we're trying to - different ideas in different geographies to try different business models, to increase that value that we provide in the service, or at least change it such to what is it the customer and the physician community and the hospitals really want? And so provide not only value in the product itself but in the service that we are providing to them and how we interact and partner with them. So we're trying that and as Bill said we've been very innovative in that in the past and if it calls for it in a broader execution we'll do that.
Gary Ellis: I don't know whether it's going to require us to do that here in the U.S. yet. Obviously we'll continue to take a look at this. The service component is still very important here in the U.S. market for several of our businesses, but we'll continue to evaluate that. As we've given examples in the past, Germany is a perfect example that I highlight to many investors as where we did change the business model there and changed the SG&A component dramatically because of what that country really expected from the service levels, and we dropped that. And as a result we've maintained our profit margins in Germany. They're pretty consistent with the rest of our European and in fact our worldwide results. So we'll continue to look at that. I don't know whether we'll necessarily be seeing a dramatic shift here in the current year, although if the markets continue to be soft, and things like that, we'll have to really evaluate that.
Gary Ellis: And just to add to Bill's comment, the initials and the replacements we're talking about is more of a phenomenon here in the U.S. The OUS market still has potential clearly to have growth going on outside that, so there is clearly an area that we're impacting here in the U.S., and Bill's comments are kind of what it's going to take to get that turned around, but the reality is that I think we still also see relatively strong growth and as we talked about in Europe we actually saw an increase in their overall growth this quarter, and that's really again with that new technology, Protecta. To tell the patients that you can reduce the number of inappropriate shocks, that's the biggest fear that they have is the inappropriate shock, and to be able to eliminate that it takes away one of the barriers that clearly has been out there in the past. So we're cautious right now, with what's going on in the marketplace, but as Bill said, long term we still think there's growth in this market also.
Gary Ellis: That's kind of what we've assumed for the rest of this fiscal year, Bruce, and back to your point, we would agree with everything you just said as far as that's what our assumptions are based on. What happens after FY11, we're still trying to determine, and as Bill said we still think there's growth opportunities that are greater than what's going on in spine right now, but clearly for the next few quarters we're going to be cautious and assume that the markets kind of reflect what we saw here in Q1.
