Bill Hawkins: Before we begin our Q&A session, first let me close by reiterating what I said to begin that Q1 was a solid quarter.  As I look across the company, I’m pleased with the progress being made in aligning the organization towards One Medtronic.  These changes are having a positive impact on driving innovating, achieving operational excellence, and ultimately unlocking many of the strategic synergies that are innately part of the company.  We continue to balance our focus on driving innovation to fuel growth and are both shaping and executing across the enterprise to generate efficiency and leverage to fund future opportunities.  Looking forward, we’re focused on delivering on our commitments for the remainder of the year and preparing for the future. I’d now like to open things up for Q&A, and in the interest of getting to as many questions as possible, we would really respectfully request each caller limits themselves to one question with one followup.
Bill Hawkins: We don’t know the data yet.  The clinical study is done, and the data should be tabulated as we speak, and I’m not quite sure when we are going to show it publicly.  Jeff can get back to you on that, but we are on track for submitting to the FDA and remain on track for the whole PMA.
Bill Hawkins: It’s consistent what we have said in the past.  This is an area that we are continuing to invest, to build, to really develop that market.  We continue to believe that lumbar spinal stenosis is a large unmet clinical need, and we had to go back and do some things to really to help to build the market here.
Bill Hawkins: The market is recovering a little bit from where it was if you look back the last couple of years, it was in that very low single digit.  In fact, for a couple of quarters, it was actually negative, and now, I think we are seeing some of what you’ve already articulated in that there is mid to high single digit growth.
Bill Hawkins: I’ll start with the last.  Yes, the uptake and the demand is very strong, and in fact as I mentioned had it not been for the difficulties we had in our Santa Ana operation, we wouldn’t have gotten to numbers where we got to, and I can tell you there is even more demand than what we are able to supply, so that’s the good news.  In terms of the dollar volume, in the terms of the distributor aspect, we’re looking towards being direct in most of the markets we’re in, so it’s really not much of an impact on the distributor, and then we are not going to get into the unit implant numbers going forward.
Bill Hawkins: On behalf of the entire management team, thanks for your interest and continued support.  As you can see, we feel good about the quarter.  It was a strong quarter, and as Gary indicated, Q2 is always a challenging quarter for us, but we’re doing the things that we think are going to enable us to deliver on the commitment we have for the fiscal year.  Thank you and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Gary Ellis: Ben, actually the pricing pressure that we are seeing has been pretty consistent with what we have seen over the last year or two.  I don’t think it’s dramatically changed, and it is across probably all businesses that we are seeing.  Some of that is hospitals trying to get through this economic downturn that they have been experiencing, but I don’t think it was anything unusual here in the first quarter versus what we have seen really over the last year or two.
Gary Ellis: As you said the 500 basis point impact, our estimate is for the total company as far as what we’ve evaluated, it will vary by business.  It goes back to which businesses might be more procedural in nature and which are consignment sales.  For example, businesses like Physio/Control or some of those other ones where you might have maybe more bulk purchases, some even in our cardiovascular businesses or in CRDM in some cases where is there bulk purchases that obviously isn’t impacted necessarily by the extra week, and so as a result, it will vary by business as far as the impact, so we haven’t gotten down to the details of that.  The 500 basis points for the total company is kind of our best guess at this.  It is very difficult to estimate it because it is impacted by procedures, but clearly it’s also impacted by how they are buying and what their inventory level that they might be maintaining.
Gary Ellis: As we indicated in our fourth quarter call, we have approximately 1500 positions that we are going to be eliminating and we are going to include it in this restructuring charge we just talked about.  About the third of those really were already eliminated as we went through Q1.  Majority of the rest of them will be completed here early in Q2, and you’ll see the full impact of that as we go through Q2 and the remainder of the year.  As we have indicated, eliminating those positions obviously will help us in achieving our SG&A percentage, but it also allows us to make the investments that we still feel are more important to drive the company’s growth, and as we indicated in our comments, we have added 400 positions over the last year.  I’m not going to get into predicting how many we’re going to be adding as we go forward, but you can assume that we will continue to be adding sales positions as the company continues to grow around the world, especially internationally where as we’ve talked about our growth rate has been very high, and we’re very pleased to see the double digit growth there internationally this year, so we’ll continue to make investments where we see the opportunities for growth, but we’ll also continue to realign the organization as we have done here in this restructuring charge in Q4/Q1 and really the effect rolling into Q2 going forward.  We understand that we’ll have to bring down the SG&A percentage as we’ve talked about.  It’s not just the restructuring efforts that will bring down our percentage; it is leverage and the rest of the infrastructure, and there are many other initiatives we have underway to make sure we can achieve our objectives on improving the overall operating margins for the organization.
Gary Ellis: Yes.  That’s what we indicated at the beginning of the year, and we feel comfortable about that, but I want to highlight to everyone our focus is on achieving the operating margin improvement that we’ve talked about.  We’re going to get that both in gross margin and SG&A percentages, but the 80 to 100 basis points is what we communicated at the beginning of the year.  We feel good about that, but I want to make sure everyone understands, we’re trying to leverage the entire P&L as we go forward, and so if I can get opportunities in gross margin will do that, and so we’re trying to make sure that the bottom line is the piece that we’re actually leveraging.
Gary Ellis: Let me add a little bit to what Bill mentioned earlier.  First of all, as far as the extra week, this is one of the businesses that you can’t necessarily do the exact calculation like we talked about.  The other thing I would remind everyone is we’re comparing against Q1 last year right before the physician notification came into effect, and so if you look at the sequential amounts and where we are at, this is tracking relatively consistently where we have been for the last 2 or 3 quarters as far as the absolute revenues even with the extra days in there from that perspective, so it’s down because we’re comparing it to the toughest period we had last year as far as where that revenue is at.  As Bill mentioned going forward, we’ll have easier comps, but more importantly, as we start to see some of these new indications start to take impact, we do see the growth potential.
Gary Ellis: Obviously as we have indicated, we have been watching this market for the last two or three years.  As Bill said in his comments, we’re cautiously optimistic about what some of these studies can mean for us, but we’re going to wait and see the actual results before we get too excited about what they could mean to the overall growth in the market place.
William Hawkins: The Kyphon, in terms of a business, it has been consistent in the last couple of quarters in terms of the growth, and we continue to think there’s a lot of head room for this therapy, and we just launched a new out of fluoro-field delivery system called the MATRx which we are encouraged by, and we’ve got a lot of products in the pipeline, so this is a business that we’re investing in, and we think there are good opportunities for sustainable growth.
William Hawkins: There have been a couple of studies obviously.  The one that’s getting a lot of press with the New England Journal of Medicine which, to remind people, that was a vertebroplasty versus kyphoplasty.  In the FREE study where we had looked at kyphoplasty versus optimal medical therapy, had a very good outcome, and we should have the 2-year data on that by the end of the calendar year, so we’re continuing to be very bullish on the role that kyphoplasty will play.
William Hawkins: We track pricing very carefully across all of our businesses, and obviously we can’t predict the future other than just looking at what’s happened in the recent past.  We look at quarter to quarter changes, and we’re negotiating contracts all the time, and we try to anticipate if there’s going to be any inflection because of the direction that contracts are going, but as Gary said we say the pricing is pretty stable actually in terms of what we’ve built into our models with a modest price decrease, and when I say modest, that’s in the low signal digits.
William A. Hawkins: If we look at what made HCRT and Reverse will do, I mean, they had evidence for cardiac indication for mildly symptomatic heart failure patients, and I think both studies are good for the industry.  There is worldwide 22 million heart failure patients, in the US are 5 million; so if Reverse is like HCRT, is aimed at expanding the benefits for less symptomatic heart failure patients.  So, we think this is going to be a positive, and we think that Boston will more than likely file for the extended indication and that will benefit everybody.
William A. Hawkins: As I mentioned, we have a very rich pipeline in the pain stim business with Restore Sensor and the recently launched RC and TC.  So, a lot of it is going to be technology.  We’re adding to the sales force selectively here as well.  So, I think the combination of focus, and sure we have the right coverage, the continued focus on innovation, the combination is going to enable us to continue to drive growth in that business.
William A. Hawkins: We’ve had some very good results in certain segments of the marketplace.  The real opportunity for us is on the Advisa MRI pacemaker, and that we haven’t launched as of yet.  So, we continue to be very optimistic about the overall opportunity for our differentiated products in that segment.
William A. Hawkins: Well, the market has been pretty robust.  The procedures, we think, are up a little bit; mix has been favorable for us; pricing, as we already talked about, there has been a modest impact on pricing, but I think really what’s driving it is the procedure growth, and for us outside the US, we have seen very strong growth, roughly greater than 20% growth outside the US.
William A. Hawkins: Matt, it’s always hard to look at one quarter.  You really have to look at a trend line and we feel very good about the competitiveness of our brady product line as we do with our ICD product line.  Yes, we feel good about what we did this quarter, but it represents, we think, the strength that we have in the marketplace, and we think we’re moving in the right direction with ICDs.
William A. Hawkins: No, I can’t think off the top of my head if there is any place that it would be for more competitive reasons than for market reasons.
William A. Hawkins: We’re investing in technology to grow market share.  Resolute, which is doing very well outside the US, we’re investing that here in the US, we’re well on track to completing the IDE clinical study here in the US and on track for a launch in a couple of years in the US, and we believe that the combination of Resolute and Endeavor is going to give us the strongest, if you will, technology platform that will enable us to grow market share.
William A. Hawkins: Rick, we’ve said pretty consistently that we think that the international markets will pace the growth of the company.  We, in the past I think have said that 2% to 3% points faster than what we see in the US.  So, this is a particularly good quarter for us as we had 16% growth on a constant currency basis versus 6% here in the US, but going forward, it is an area that we think represents big opportunity; markets are largely under-penetrated.  There are some strategic markets like China, we’re investing more now in India, we think there is some real upside in Latin America, in Brazil.  So, I would say, going forward, yes, we think there are good opportunities to have OUS grow much faster than the US.
William A. Hawkins: Endeavor in Japan this quarter was very helpful.  So, you had Endeavor Japan, the transcatheter valves, the atrial fibrillation products; that was all very helpful to our growth outside the US.
William A. Hawkins: First on the biologics; as I mentioned in my remarks, we’re investing heavily to expand the indications for BMP, the biggest near-term is the Amplify, which is a posterolateral indication which we’re on track for beginning of FY’11.  We have several indications to prove right now, one for trauma and two for the oromaxillofacial which we’ve seen very good growth coming out of that sector, it’s a small part of our business now, but we think it has potential to be a $250 million to $500 million market.  Beyond that, there are other areas that we are expanding indications; we’re investing to expand indications with BMP.  So, this is the category that we think has long-term very solid growth fundamentals.
Gary L. Ellis: Mike, that’s a good way to look at it.  Obviously, as you said and as we have indicated in our comments, we think we had a very solid Q1 and did beat expectations.  As I also indicated in my comments, however, Q2 tends to be a very difficult quarter for us to predict just because of the summer months, especially international, etc.  So, as a result, we’re just saying this is one quarter, but let it continue to go through the year; obviously, it’s a good start and that’s what we want to see, but we’re not at this point in time going to be raising guidance until we see how it’s continuing to deliver these very strong results.
Gary L. Ellis: It was just more of a broader statement; I mean, if you look at it, and what I am trying to get to is, last year obviously, we had an improvement of 110 basis points in our operating margins and a lot of that obviously came through the gross margin.  As you indicated, going forward, we think there is more probably more opportunity for us in SG&A versus gross margin, but it was just a broader statement to say that we’re focused on leveraging both the product cost and the SG&A category, and that there is no one focus for us that is going to drive that operating margin improvement.  We have several different levers that we’re trying to pull to make sure that we can deliver the operating leverage improvement that we’ve talked about.
Gary L. Ellis: I would say, just to add to Bill’s comment, as I mentioned in my comments, a lot of it has obviously been international where we’ve seen a lot of the growth; most of it has been in markets whether it’s, to some extent diabetes or neuro, for example, where the markets are still growing very very strong, or international, that’s where we’re making the investments to basically match with what those markets are reflecting with; the procedural growth and the need for additional coverage.
Gary L. Ellis: The other thing I would add to Bill’s comment, Rick, is that outside the US obviously is where these new products; on the AF side, transcatheter valves, etc., where we’re seeing those new products come into the marketplace obviously first, and so you’re seeing those actually help to accelerate the growth rate, and obviously that gives us lot of comfort even as we go into the US markets when those products at the US market will even help accelerate here in the US.  So, the new products also, in addition to the fact that the market themselves have more opportunity.
Gary L. Ellis: Rick, just to answer your question on the cost savings objective on the product cost or reducing the product cost by a billion dollars by FY’12 that we played out; we’re about halfway through that process at this point in time.  We’re close to, as we indicated, through the first two fiscal years, we would have saved over almost $400 million, and we clearly have seen savings here as we’ve even entered just fiscal year ’10.  So, we’re probably halfway through the process.  The real things that are going to continue to really start to have an impact and help us achieve that objective as we go forward is just some of these new products coming into the marketplace because we’ve put in this design for manufacturing a few years ago, and that is starting to have an impact now as some of these new products get rolled off, that you’re getting products that have fewer piece parts, basically lower cycle times through production, etc.  So that will start to have an impact on the overall product cost in addition to our ongoing programs on reducing supplier cost and consolidating manufacturing, so we are about halfway through the process, it is tracking right in line with what we would expect, and we still see that billion dollars by FY12.
