Karen Parkhill: Thank you. As Omar mentioned, we delivered third quarter organic revenue growth of 2.6% and adjusted EPS with a $1.44 growing 11.6%. We ultimately came in $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance and would attribute $0.02 to better than expected foreign exchange and $0.04 to operational outperformance, including tax. Our adjusted gross margin was 69.7% down year-over-year due in part to increased China tariff. We more than offset that decline with strong operating leverage, as we continue to implement and drive efficiencies and improvements across the company, while at the same time making investments ahead of upcoming product launches. This led to an adjusted operating margin improvement of 90 basis points or 70 basis points excluding the impact of currency. Below the operating profit line, our adjusted interest expense declined 36%, driven by our successful debt issuance and tender transactions that we completed last spring and summer. Our adjusted nominal tax rate was 13.6% lower than we expected due to increased deductions from the exercise of employee stock options and benefits from finalizing taxes owed uncertain returns. As you know generating strong free cash flow remains a priority across the company and you are seeing this focus come through in our results. Third quarter free cash flow with $2.1 billion, up 21% from last year, and year-to-date free cash flow was $4.9 billion, representing a conversion ratio of 90% well above our full year target of 80% plus. We remain committed to disciplined capital deployment, balancing investment in R&D and tuck-in acquisitions to drive future growth, while returning a minimum of 50% of our annual free cash flow to our shareholders and year-to-date we've returned $2.8 billion or 57% of the cash we generated, resulting in a total shareholder payout of 51% on adjusted net earnings. Now turning to guidance. For the fourth quarter, we are comfortable with current Street consensus on organic revenue growth and EPS, to any impact from the coronavirus. We expect overall organic top line growth of approximately 4.5%. By group, we expect CVG to grow 4.25% to 4.5%, MITG, 6.25 to 6.5%, RTG approximately 4% percent organic, and diabetes to be flat to down low single digits. And based on recent rates currency would have a negative impact of 80 to 140 basis points. On margins, we continue to expect our full year operating margin to expand by roughly 40 basis points on a constant currency basis, driven by our enterprise excellence initiative. For the fourth quarter, we expect our operating margin to be up slightly including the impact of currency or roughly flat on a constant currency basis, as we invest to support current and upcoming product launches. Below the operating line, we expect our fourth quarter interest expense to be approximately $160 million to $165 million and our fourth quarter adjusted nominal tax rate to be around 16%, which would put our annual rate at approximately 15% lower than we originally expected and reflecting the benefits we have had so far this year. We are raising our fiscal year 20 EPS guidance to a range of $5.63 to $5.65, up from $5.57 to $5.63 and reflecting our third quarter bottom line outperformance. For the fourth quarter we expect a $1.62 to a $1.64. As mentioned upfront all of the guidance I just gave excludes the impact of the coronavirus, because the situation is so fluid it is difficult to truly quantify the impact just a few weeks into our quarter and for that reason we plan to provide an update for you later this quarter. Finally, I would like to note that we plan to hold our Biennial Institutional Investor and Analyst Day on Tuesday June 2nd in New York City. Back to you Omar.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks for the question on ‘21 Bob. Yeah, we're excited about our pipeline and what it has to offer for FY ‘21. I'd love to talk a lot about it, but we're close to finalizing our plan, so we'll give the official guidance on our Q4 call as you know. That said, I would think about accelerating growth for next year off of a full year basis as opposed to off of a sequential basis. And we're very confident in our growth acceleration of FY ‘21 over FY ‘20.
Karen Parkhill: So let me take the beginning of it and then I'll let my colleague jump in too. So in terms of FY ‘20 that our fourth quarter guidance would imply FY ‘20 growth of 3.6%, 3.7%-ish [ph] And then on fourth quarter clearly because of the transient issues in the third quarter we expect some of that to come back. You know if you look at MITG and the ERP issues that we've talked about, we fully expect that to come back. And that's one of the reasons that we've guided MITG to you know above trend for the quarter. That we have lost some procedures, and those won't come back.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Vijay. On margins for next year, we're going to continue to look at margin expansion, as we drive bottom line growth about top line growth every year. At this stage we haven't changed our long range guidance of 40 basis points constant currency margin expansion. So you can assume that at this stage.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. We will. And we do disclose our growth rate in China already. So we will we will continue to disclose that. We will be transparent about the impact of the coronavirus.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thank you, Josh. No problem. So on gross margin one of the larger prices that we’ve had on gross margin is the increase in China tariff. And as long as they stay that will be a continued pressure. Gross margin is obviously impacted by mix and as we introduce some of our key new products that should help gross margins going forward. And as we think about the net other expense or income line item, we had a benefit this quarter that was primarily driven by a swap program that we have in place to hedge the gains and losses that are part of our deferred compensation program and SG&A. And so that was really driven that. Our SG&A line would have been even better if it didn’t have a loss that we effectively offset by a gain in net other.
Michael Coyle: Yeah, we're not seeing anything that would cause us to have a concern that the overall market for ICD is somehow slowing significantly. Most of the challenges that we have in ICDs remain the issue associated with the replacement cycle and the fact that we were seeing essentially mid teens declines in year-over-year comparisons on replacement. As I've mentioned before that actually gets better as we get through the year and into next year, especially in the CRT-D area. And that is going to help us in terms of acceleration the ICD side. But the other point and you pointed out the surprise to us in terms of weakness in the number for the quarter was really in EMEA, in Europe and Middle East and Africa. That was where essentially we believe customers were holding off given the imminent launch of our Cobalt and Crome product families which now have launched into the market. And those products will be coming to the United States during the first quarter. The other thing that depressed the overall performance relative to where we thought we would be during the quarter is the fact that the TYRX anti-infective envelopes get captured under the ICD numbers when we report externally. And I think you may recall last quarter we had a fairly major you know, quality driven back order situation that we expected would be resolved completely during the course of Q3. We actually lost a number of – lots of product manufacturing, lots of product early in the quarter which now has stabilized. In fact, through the second half we're completely out of any kind of constraints on supply. So we expect that will flow through into the numbers in Q4 and obviously into next year, especially as we have new data that we'll be presenting at ACC on risk stratification for TYRX. So we think all of those things are going to help us accelerate the ICD market not only in Q4 but into next year.
Michael Coyle: Yeah, Robby. Obviously we were very disappointed with the performance in the US. If you look outside the US we - the implant growth rates were in the high teens and pretty much in line with the overall market. Actually a little better than the overall market because of the Japan influence. But in the United States obviously well below market with implant rates in the mid teens, whereas we would estimate the market in the quarter probably grew on the order of the low 30s. As we dug into that, we obviously headed into the holidays actually feeling pretty good that we were looking at implant rates in the low 20s. Obviously in retrospect that turns out to be lower than the market. But as we headed into the end of the year and into January, we saw a pretty meaningful decline in overall growth rates for implants and we dug deeply into that to figure out which accounts and where we were having the issues. And basically I think learning from that analysis was that it takes longer than we thought to have our reps become fully competitive in this market. It's probably a 9 to 12 month training exercise which in retrospect we probably should have ramped up in advance of this several quarters earlier than we did. The good news is that as we looked at the hiring that we did do, this quarter we expect to bring on 70 new sales reps and support personnel which is going to help us go from you know, given the 700 accounts that are selling ICD or selling - that are servicing this market, we probably have seasoned sales rep that is those who have a year or more experience in about two thirds of those accounts, by the time we exit with these new certifications that we would expect to be closer to 80% in terms of supporting that and we're also accelerating new hiring based on the driving support for our next fiscal year. So we think those you know, just to catch up in terms of training and deployment, plus you, know we're pushing much more close interval management of the reps that are out there to make sure that we're staying on top of developments in these accounts. We think that that coupled with obviously our new product launch around Evolut PRO+; the launch of the Confida sheath, which really improves the performance of our overall device systems and then new data that will be coming out here at ACC around both bicuspid and leaflet immobility, should basically give us an opportunity to accelerate from where we were in Q4 or in Q3. And that you know, basically looking at just the daily sales rates here as we've headed into the new quarter with this new focus on rep productivity, we are seeing some acceleration from those numbers that you see in terms of the mid teens implant rates. And so I'm confident we're going to see acceleration, whether we'll get all the way back to market, you know, given that we have two competitors who are driving share in those accounts it may take more than a quarter to do that. But on the other hand I do expect to see acceleration during the quarter.
Michael Coyle: Sure. We are seeing some modest improvement obviously as more data sets come in, they are providing more comfort to physicians and FDA for that matter I believe, that the signal that had been observed in those first three randomized trials around SFA seem not consistent with the new data coming in. Obviously one big dataset that we filed and got approval for was the AV fistula indication for DCB, which did not show this mortality signal in the paclitaxel arm. And we expect additional data to be coming out on that topic, including at the ACC where we think there'll be a presentation of a major data set based on claims, analysis. So that is creating a greater sense of confidence in the physician base that the significant morbidity issues that come with not using these drug-coated balloons and just using PTA balloons are beginning to get attention. And I think what we expect to see is continued improvement as data sets provide that - that level of comfort. So in this quarter we did see, on sort of selling day [ph] adjusted basis some sequential growth which is encouraging in the DCB and we expect if the data continue to come in as positive as they have that we'll see that continue.
Michael Coyle: And the other thing I would mention is the DiamondTemp ablation catheter CE mark that we expect during the quarter which would obviously be even more of a benefit in Q1 of next year, as well as we're just in the early stages of the launch of the AV fistula indication for the IN.PACT Admiral balloon, so those will now get full quarter benefit during Q4.
Michael Coyle: So Larry on Cobalt and Crome, we would expect that in the first quarter of next year probably in the first half of that quarter and then for LINQ 2.0 we would expect that product also in Q1 but in the second half of the quarter.
Michael Coyle: So our renal denervation, obviously, the first big milestone will be the pivotal trial on the OFF-MED, which will be presented here at ACC. But there is the second trial that is ongoing in parallel which is the ON MED trial. Unlike the OFF-MED, it has a six month efficacy endpoint. So if I were to set expectations for when those data were to become available I would expect that about a year from now. So about this time next year. In terms of the FDA interaction the ON MED or the OFF-MED data will be used in a modular submission as we know along with obviously the device supporting materials. So we think we can get the process with FDA to move forward and we do think we need the OFF-Med – excuse me, the ON MED data set in order to get final approval for the product and certainly it will be very important in terms of reimbursement to have those data. So that would be how I would set expectations. Obviously I think you know this final product is available in Europe currently and it does have CE Mark. So as these data sets become available you know customers can evaluate them and decide how they want to use that product.
Michael Coyle: Sure. I think as you point out you know, we have lowered our expectations for the LVAD numbers just based on you know not seeing the sequential share capture in Q3 that we had seen in Q2. You know, it's some competitive indications approvals. But on the other hand you know obviously we got the Micro AV early in terms of you know we expected that it would be later in the quarter when we were setting guidance last quarter and the customer response has been strong in terms of interest in the technology. And as a reminder this is a product that carries a 3x price uplift relative to a standard dual chamber system and our indications for use cover all AV patients. So we expect that an opportunity to drive this product meaningfully into the market above what we were thinking a quarter ago when we were giving guidance for Q4. In addition although obviously the Cobalt and Crome products won't be in the US they will be in Europe. And so unlike last quarter where we really had no meaningful new products and we saw the customers pausing and while waiting for new products. Now we have a number of new products globally that are obviously going to make a difference for us. And so net, net we're pretty much holding our expectations for growth where we were a quarter ago despite the moving pieces in this quarter.
Michael Coyle: It certainly shows no meaningful acceleration in those - in those numbers, so its something along the lines of what we've had. And as I said we're also seeing some improvement in the replacement cycle generally because of the CRT-D side of things. And the other thing I should mention is obviously we will anniversary in March the paclitaxel issue, which was a big step down in the prior year quarter which gives us just an easier comp to work with as we've seen sequential growth on a selling base basis the last couple of quarters in DCB.
Michael Coyle: Absolutely. That we were constrained for more than half of last quarter in terms of supply and now we are essentially unconstrained. And in addition, we are expecting to get labeling expansion to one year dating on that product in the United States which will help us significantly in terms of just the logistics of its growth.
Omar Ishrak: I think I don't know if I can add anything to that. You know, really the procedure losses in a business like MITG where the procedures happened that just isn't going to come back, will recover fully. I think in other areas like in the MCS business or LVAD business you know, that was share loss and there's pressure there and our growth is probably going to be lower than we were originally anticipating. So in balance we felt that holding the Q4 sort of previous guidance was the appropriate thing to do at this stage. We're obviously doing everything we can do to maximize that number.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Let me – Bob, will probably answer this. But you know, I'll just say off the bat that robotics is not in our financial numbers yet, and the overall program is more or less on track. So…
Omar Ishrak: I can tell you Vijay, there is a focus in the organization around that. We've worked very hard to get a - an accountability around that. And you know, we're going to - you're going to - that's going to stay. We just need to fix our top line growth back to where it deserves to be based on our product pipeline.
Omar Ishrak: I think to your question about how we project these you know, there's a historical sort of comparison that we can make against similar such launches and based on that we make a judgment in our in our planning and from that we derive guidance and our plan going forward. So there's a variety of that, but you know there's some judgment involved with this.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Let me take the coronavirus question first, first of all we're pretty clear about where would our China businesses, it's roughly 7% of our global business. So you know you can - you can do the estimate there. You know the variables right now, one variable is that we've got to get our factories up and running so that we can supply you know different places in the world including China. And that is actually progressing well. But the main factor driving the number there will be the procedure uptake in China. You know China was in a complete shutdown mode for the first half of February and they're just beginning to start and even now even in places like Beijing and others procedures are only just beginning it's too early to tell how that will ramp up to the rest of the quarter. We know that in Hubei Province for example obviously shut down but that's solely a you know 5% of China there. But you know the rest of China in places like Beijing and Shanghai right now there are procedure delays. In addition to that a lot of physicians are being asked to actually go and help with the virus. And so you know there are many dynamics here that really difficult to predict. Now once the things stabilized it could well be a ramp back up. And because you know people need the procedures they've - they will get them at some point. When that happens is very difficult to predict right now. So that's why we're saying that wait till a little later in the quarter when we have some more data and see how things progressive we'll give you a full update. So with that, I am going to ask Mike to take the renal.
Omar Ishrak: I don’t disagree that TYRX, although we won't get to share capture this quickly. We certainly have sequential growth.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah, it's a great question. Actually what happened was there was a tremendous focus on launching the Evolut PRO+ as well as opening up the NCD accounts. And what we wound up doing because of the relative maturity of a good bit of our field force is pulling reps who were supporting large accounts to help with that expansion into new accounts. And obviously with a new competitor entering the market, and you know some complex messaging having to come in as well as you know low risk patients were approved. It just proved to be too much. We were spreading our field too thin. And so you know obviously we've refocused back into those large accounts to make sure that our messaging around hemodynamics, the benefits of the Evolut PRO+ in terms of profile are now adding the pericardial wrap into the large device segment and then obviously just selling the benefit to the hemodynamic data that was presented at ACC a year ago. Those are things now that we believe are helping to show this acceleration in growth that I referenced as we head into this quarter versus where we were in January.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah. Well, thank you all for your questions and behalf of the entire management team, I’d like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. Look we'll get this thing right. We've got a task to do here, we’ll get acceleration growth profile in Q4 and that will continue into FY ’21. Our product pipeline is strong and this team is committed behind it, we couldn’t have – I couldn’t have asked better team and more committed and we’ll get this thing right, I assure you. And then we really look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q4 earnings call. Thank you.
