Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Gary. And before opening the lines for Q&A let me briefly conclude by stating that Q1 was another successful balanced quarter. We continue to strive to reliably deliver on our baseline expectations. As we presented at our Investor Conference in June, we expect our continued efforts to deliver consistent and reliable performance combined with disciplined capital allocation, will enable is to create long-term dependable value in healthcare. And looking ahead, we believe this will be further strengthened and diversified by our Covidien acquisition. With that we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gary, I will ask Mike Coyle, President of our Cardiac & Vascular Group, Chris O'Connell, President of our Restorative Therapies Group and Hooman Hakami, President of our Diabetes Group to join us. We are really able to get to everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to only one question and if needed one related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Things are progressing, Mike, as we have thought. I think the schedule for the end of the calendar year in early -- or early calendar ’15 is what we expected when we started the process, and it still holds. The China approval is a little slower, it takes a little longer and often times after the process starts after we’ve made some progress in the U.S. and Europe. Things are going along just as we had expected. There are no major surprises, and I think we still expect this to close as I said towards the end of the year or early next year.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. Well, as I’ve mentioned repeatedly and consistently, the strategic benefits of these transaction are very clear which I laid out today and earlier. We are excited about that. We feel, as we go through our integration planning process, we feel even more confident and excited about the strategic benefits of this combined company. So that’s the driver for the whole thing. We can only plan a deal structure based on facts and what the current regulations and law are. And so that’s why we structured it the way we structured it. Those things change before the close then we’ll have to take a look at what those changes reflect and see what we can do to structure a new contract and so forth. But in all cases the strategic benefits do not go away and are clearly not affected by any legislative or regulatory changes. So that’s the way we’re looking at it. it’s pointless to speculate in what those new changes could be to give priority of things if any. So, we prefer to stay away from that and stay focused on getting the regulatory actions taken care of as quickly as possible and then get this transaction closed, and structuring the strategic benefits.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, thanks David. First of all distribution changes as you correctly point out, we’re making are long term in nature. Look, we view emerging markets like I’ve said before, as a key growth driver, not just for the next few years but for decades. Literally decades, because that’s the nature of the opportunity, we’re only addressing the premium segment when we get to value segment, the underserved; this is going to go on for a very long term. And as a result if you really talk of the long term the revenues from these regions will be big and certainly it probably will get from developed markets and we cannot have in that kind of a scenario go through indirect channels of -- we do not have direct control as with respect not only to business conduct standards but also and more importantly with respect to direct connection with our customers because we have to develop these markets. So, these are changes that we have to undertake. In addition, some of the management changes reflect upgrading some of the people because the nature of the business is more sophisticated than it once was. So these really are platform changes that we’re making they’re necessitated by our long term aspirations. And we feel we can cover it within our present business profile. And so we’re going ahead and making these changes which we feel will have a positive impact not only in our relationships and long term growth but also on our margin in these regions which already is good but can improve further. So that’s essentially the outlook in the strategic thought process behind emerging markets. In term of our trough, we are projecting both India and China to be double digit growth. The China, certainly in the mid-teens and India maybe even close to that by the end of the year, in other words for the full year. And so that will require an acceleration in the second half I think it will be different between the India and China. I mean there is still some variables in this, so I can’t be certain but that certainly our projection as of today that going into the second half of the year we’ll start to see a noticeable acceleration of growth in both of those regions.
Omar Ishrak: Well, I’ve been visiting many of the sites and understanding the products. And number of early observations that I have. First of all, Covidien has a track record and it builds a track record of revenue growth in the mid-single digits. And they have a diversified enough revenue pool, both geographically as well as from a product and customer basis. That appears to me that it’s quite sustainable and fairly tolerant of one-off market dynamics in there whether it’d be product or geography. So that is reassuring, I mean we knew that going in but deeper dive confirmed that. Equally importantly, as we go through the different sites, the future growth platforms if we can build by accelerating some of the technical, technology integration or channel integrations, there appear to be a lot of possibility. I think our biggest challenge will be to focus and make sure you prioritize the ones which will have the right returns and not go after ones that are potentially big but have perhaps returns which are more risky or even longer term. So, I think the prioritization exercise will be our biggest challenge. We have already stated that the two areas which will be the highest priority are in peripheral, vascular and in neuroscience and those are like many integration teams progressing and going ahead in those areas. The others will be longer term and surgical technologies and their surgical solutions is clearly opportunity both in terms of product integration for common co-points as well as technical and technology integration in future products. In addition, some of the capital equipment products and their monitoring products have longer term synergy in fact both our hospital solutions teams as well as our home monitoring business in Cardiocom. I think that’s about all I can say Kristen at this point.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, I doesn’t think there was any sort of doubt around that. I think all the work that we are doing is confirming that that’s an achievable number.
Omar Ishrak: I think the overall low power market actually looks quite encouraging, I think we have seen stabilization of the market demand and although we are seeing obviously some renewed pricing pressure, I mean we are now looking at sort of 3% to 5% declines in ASPs in the U.S. and both pacing at ICDs currently and that’s because we basically have anniversaried the major launches that we had. However, obviously we are about to enter a new launch cycle with high power side with CRT-D and we think that’s going to help us in terms of improving the overall pricing dynamics. In terms of the overall unit market growth, we are seeing essentially flattish unit growth in the ICD market with low single-digit increases in initial implants are being offset by declines in the replacement cycle, mostly because of where we are in our replacement cycle. So, we believe the market going forward is flattish and that’s what we are planning for otherwise encouraging from my perspective to see overall U.S. implantables growth for us at 4%. I mean we haven’t seen that in quite some time and so obviously it’s a good time to have a product like LINQ being added into the overall mix for implantables.
Omar Ishrak: I think this is harmonizing our distribution channels and also making sure that we have got processes in place, so the inventory levels are right. And thirdly, to make sure that specific programs have allowed us to go direct to certain major customers to start with. And maybe one of the point, we are also starting a program to go after tier 2 cities in China where there is a lot of opportunity and there we are thinking of certainly some combined products into a single channel around cardiology primarily. So, those are the changes that we are making. The biggest impact ones are really sort of fine tuning our distribution channels themselves, the specific distributors and harmonizing them, streamlining them, more focused fewer of them because that’s essential to be able to maintain control both from a business conduct perspective as well as end-customer reach perspective.
Omar Ishrak: I’ve had a chance to visit two of their plans to work in these areas both in terms of the minimally invasive area as well as the advanced energy businesses and you really have to look at the two together because some of the tools integrated with the minimally invasive some products to create actually a more integrated offering than many of the competitors have. So I left those visits with a clear sense that there is a lot of focus on innovation, on next generation products and from a position of strength, not from a position of catching up which actually in these areas make quite a difference because some of these product lines require a lot of clinical expertise and clinical know how and clinical intervention if you like in the development. And I felt that the teams that I visited had a very strong experience in those areas. Good product positions today and very exciting technology plans for the future. So there is competition always and J&J is a good competitor, but I’ve got every confidence of the teams that are in place in Covidien and the people that I’ve met are absolutely capable of not only competing against anyone both from an edge and attitude perspective but also from a technical and clinical know how perspective.
Omar Ishrak: Look, this is difficult for us to model too. We don’t know what is going to be and it’s pure speculation, at this stage we just did the model based on the current law and we’re really not wasting our time trying to figure out five different iterations that may or may not happen. So at this stage we’re just sticking to what we know.
Omar Ishrak: There hasn’t been any broad move of that nature in China that’s consistent across the whole country for all products. So I am not sure that will be driven by broad-based regulation. However, China is a big enough market on its own with unique customer requirements that local manufacturing of various sorts will be something that’s going to happen in China and then so we are committed to that as you know. We already have strong local manufacturing through in orthopedics and spine where we’ve established over many years and accelerated by our recent acquisitions. We have also just last quarter finalized an agreement with LifeTech which will allow us to manufacture pacemakers locally and then finally we as I mentioned on the call, building a very promising partnership with one of the sub-provinces for the manufacturing of dialysis -- hemodialysis equipment and that platform also grow to include other products. Covidien by the way also has strong manufacturing and R&D capabilities in China. So put together, we will have enough options to be able to go local in China depending on what the regulations maybe but we hope that we don’t have to wait for regulations, but on the leading edge of this and doing it because of true customer demand that we sense so that we can fulfill local needs in the most appropriate fashion. So I think we’re very well positioned to take advantage of any change or otherwise in China for manufacturing.
Omar Ishrak: Look, I think it’s great to see that our message around reinvesting in the U.S. has been positively received by everybody and I think that’s fair. And I think in the mix of this is beyond Medtronic is just an overall number of transactions that are potentially is causing some consternation I guess again we there is not much we can do about those things we’re going to put our message out as accurately as possible in general in the fashion as we know how. And then focus on the strategic benefits and make sure that we know how to dial those in. I think that’s all we can do at this stage. I am not prepared to comment in any political sentiments that may be there.
Omar Ishrak: Before Mike and Chris jump in, I do want to point out that although those are both important markets, the level of diversification that we now have across our entire business mix is much more resilient due to changes in just those two market segments. And we continue to go ahead in that dimension not because those two markets aren’t important but because there are several others as well and to the degree that we can diversify overall business and continue to do so it is a very important initiative for us. So, with that I’ll let Mike go ahead and talk about the ICD the market.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, just keep in mind, right now, the overall drug coated balloon market is like a $50 million to $60 million global market. So we have that very nice growth with the SFA indication outside the U.S. north of 20%. But we hadn’t yet published to-date and that we are expecting to happen here in the fall which we think will be a nice catalyst for international market growth. And obviously as we’ve seen in a lot of market segments the U.S. PMA approval tends to be a catalyst for global growth as the data really gets validated and then published and assessed. And obviously that’s the kind of data that we have with the IN. PACT Admiral SFA. So we are anxious to see the US approval. We think that will be a catalyst not only for growth in the U.S. but also internationally.
Omar Ishrak: Okay, so thanks everyone for all your questions and we look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q2 call which we anticipate holding on November the 18th. And with that and on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you all again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. Thank you and have a great day.
Mike Coyle: So, the transcatheter valve side, of course that comment about 40% market share is a U.S. statement, that’s we basically have been proceeding with the launch as we’ve described it, actually a little bit ahead of schedule in terms of the total number of accounts that have been opened and the training of those accounts, and we actually are getting a little higher share in the accounts we’ve activated than we were expecting when we were talking at the analyst meeting. So we think our overall market share position’s in the low 40s depending on how you want to treat the royalty income, which our competitor treats as revenue we tend to exclude it for purposes of that calculation on overall market share. On the IN.PACT Admiral that we have heard from FDA in terms of the fileability of our PMA. They have accepted it for filing with no major deficiencies. They have told us they are going to treat this as an expedited review. They have not yet given us the definitive answer on whether a panel is going to be required or not.
Mike Coyle: First, relative to ICD, is I think if you the challenges in the quarter are U.S. challenges. So again if you look internationally, back at market share capture and overall market growth and so we expect the CRTD product entry is going to be a big aid to that issue. But as Omar pointed out, the fact that we actually are able to see growth in the overall implantable segment because of the addition of the new product category essentially and link is really going to help drive growth there and you’re obviously now looking at a lower power segment that is in this reported quarter is showing market growth in sort of both the 3% to 4% range which we haven’t seen in that segment for quite some time. So, we have a very diversified product portfolio across CEG with number of new growth drivers to offset areas of flat performance and obviously that showing up in the numbers this quarter.
Mike Coyle: And then on market growth, obviously there have been a number of important catalysts that’s taken place over the last six months with the data obviously on the extreme risk and high risk patient populations, I mean the mortality benefit in the high risk patient population is itself a catalyst. The approval by FDA of those expanded indications. The entry of one of our competitors into Japan and the fact that there are just more companies out talking about TAVR in Europe because of the essential trialing of their new products. All of those things are basically validating the broader role that TAVR can play in the treatment of aortic stenosis and that’s what is driving the overall market growth.
