Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Gary. Before opening the lines for Q&A, let me briefly conclude by noting that over time we are striving to reliably deliver on our baseline expectations, which are consistent mid-single digit revenue growth, consistent EPS growth of 200 to 400 basis points [unintelligible] revenue, and returning 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders. Our three independent growth rate vectors, new therapies, emerging markets, and our new services and solutions, will provide the fuel for mid-single digit revenue growth. We believe that our continued effort to deliver consistent and reliable performance, combined with disciplined capital allocation, will enable us to create long term, dependable value in healthcare. With that, we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gary, I’ve asked Mike Coyle, president of our cardiac and vascular group, and Chris O’Connell, president of our restorative therapies group, to join us again. We are rarely able to get to everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to only one question and only one follow up. If you have additional questions, please contact our investor relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: I think you make good point. We do see softness in January, when the volumes were a little slower. And this is on top of a soft January in the past year. In fact, we’ve been discussing here that it looks like increasingly over time January appears to be under far greater pressure than November and December. We’ve seen this pattern, realizing actually over multiple years, it was not that different. You know, there could be many reasons. The introduction of the ACA, obviously we don’t know the precise details of all the causes and effects. And certainly it brings a level of change that we haven’t experienced before. So we’re not really sure as to all the reasons, but we do know that January was a little softer than November and December, and in fact we’ve seen this pattern over the past couple of years.
Omar Ishrak: You know, that particular aspect of our services and solutions, which is the hospital solutions part, recall that we only started this program in September of last year. So we’ve only had less than six months. And the traction that we’re getting, and the momentum that we’re building, is pretty good. We’ve already got on the order of 10 accounts signed up, and a pipeline for another 10-15, and so we’ve got a pretty solid pipeline driving this. So we expect this to become more and more important as we go forward. The right way to think about it, though, is that this is revenue that’s, although small compared to our overall business, is still contracted revenue, with known pricing, fixed pricing in the sense that there are rules around the pricing, but essentially fixed, and there’s less uncertainty around it. With committed share as well. So the quality of the revenue here in this aspect of the business is actually quite good. And that’s the way we look at it. In addition, the contracts also deliver some incremental revenue from not only share, but the services business. And so that’s the way we really think about it, that we’re only in the beginning period of this activity, and we expect a larger and larger percentage of our European business to come from this aspect. And remember that we also have integrated care in Cardiocom. This is also delivering revenue that is incremental to what we normally see from our core technologies.
Omar Ishrak: If I can add to that, from a strategy perspective, we’re trying to get some degree of operational leverage through SG&A, which you’ve seen us deliver quarter over quarter, whether [unintelligible] a little bit to R&D we delivered in the last several quarters and beyond. That, coupled with share buybacks, is the root of our earnings leverage strategy. Now, there are a whole bunch of other variables there, which kind of come and go here, to do with FX and tax and everything else. But those, to a large degree, are somewhat beyond our control, although we can work it the best we can. The things we can control on an operating basis, on a day-to-day basis that our business is really geared around, are the SG&A leverage, holding our gross margins flat, and then driving share buybacks to get additional earnings leverage. That’s the basic recipe that we’re trying to follow, and that will continue into the coming years. And our business is focused around working that.
Omar Ishrak: That’s a good question. It’s something we wrestle with quite a bit. It’s true that a lot of our cash, in fact the majority of our cash, is being generated outside the U.S. And with the tax laws as they stand, we can’t bring them back. Now, we’ve got a number of strategies. Operationally, we’re obviously trying to free up as much cash as we can in the U.S. through our inventory management programs and so on. And in the scheme of things, that’s still a relatively small number. We have certain programs ongoing with the government in the U.S. to see if we can get some favorable tax rulings. That will probably help us in the short term if they come our way. And then in terms of the OUS cash, there are possibilities that we know that some companies have employed. We do look at that. But you’ve got to remember two things. First, we would never do something like that if it’s not in line with our core strategy. We’ve got certain market segments where we have defined that we will be in, which are cardiovascular, restorative therapy, which is potentially neuromusculoskeletal, if you like, and diabetes. We aren’t going to go do some acquisition just for the sake of doing it, so that we can have a better tax bill. Now, if, within our defined inorganic growth strategy, we find that there’s a fit that is in line with where we want to go, then we’ll certainly look at that. So the main point I want to make here is that the strategy comes first, the tax consequences come second. The other point I’d like to make is that in that whole area there is a considerable degree of uncertainty regarding interpretation and what has been passed back, since it’s not necessarily what future practice is going to be. So we just are very careful before we venture into that. Again, we’re certainly looking at it very carefully, but there’s not something that is an obvious solution to our OUS cash problem.
Omar Ishrak: There’s no implication here that there’s something strange or anything like that. Other than the point that Gary made, that it’s a little bit of a tough comp versus last year. Other than that, like we’ve stated, it’s within the guidance range that we’ve been talking about, and we reiterated that although we’re above the midpoint of that guidance range year to date, we’re keeping the same for Q4.
Omar Ishrak: You know, certainly our Cardiocom business has a services component that is already at risk. We charge on an appropriation basis, and in fact we are at risk with the certain hospital metrics, readmission metrics, with Cardiocom. So to some degree we’ve already started that. I think the longer term at risk propositions will involve bigger pieces of value to do with our technology. I think the TYRX one is one that we will probably go after pretty quickly, because we have good data around its value in infection prevention, and we’ve got other capabilities within the company that add to it, especially in replacing market in CRDM. And combined, there’s a program that we could probably come up with that has a certain degree of risk associated with it. You’ve got to remember that when we say at risk, we are taking risk, usually, that we think that we have data for. So in our mind, it’s really no risk, because we know these things work, through actual clinical data. Now, the system is such that there’s no organized way in which credit is given for that improvement, and so that’s why the best way to kind of [unintelligible] the system into giving credit for that improvement is by going at risk, saying look, we really believe in our data, and we’re prepared to put some money down on it. We’re not going to just take risk on an ad hoc basis on stuff that we don’t have any data on. So I think we have very targeted strategies that we’re developing, and as I said, the Cardiocom and TYRX are probably the two first instances that you’ve already seen and will begin to see come out in some level of scale in the next six to 12 months.
Omar Ishrak: You know, our strategy has been that first of all holding it in this environment is quite a challenge, which you can appreciate, because there’s a considerable amount of pricing pressure. And until we get to a value-based system, where people give us real value for the incremental features that we provide, today there’s no mechanism for that, so we’re in a negotiating arrangement, and so there’s continual pressure on price. So the two main ways in which we will, in this case, hold that gross margin, first, is a cost reduction program which we’ve got in place, which we’re using to offset most of that pricing pressure. And second is our means through which we will demonstrate that we’ve got real value for the features that we have, and therefore get some extra pricing results from that. If that second strategy is successful, and we’re able to show the system a financial benefit for the incremental features that we’re adding, we will get some degree of improvement in the long term. But our real strategy here is, we think that the 75% is a pretty good number, and any extra margin that we get, we would much rather [unintelligible] in volume, in a variety of different ways, by [unintelligible] our products and driving growth. That would be our strategy.
Omar Ishrak: I’ll let Mike comment on the bundling, but I’ll say that from what I know, the success of the product itself, the Resolute Integrity and its feature set, is also getting some level of traction. So you know, you’ve got to give that a little bit of credit. But I think on top of that, our [CVG] strategy has clearly demonstrated the success with the drug eluting stent. Maybe Mike, I’m sure you can add some color.
Omar Ishrak: I think actually Mike makes a great point, that the bundling strategies, and all of the strategies that we’ve talked about in terms of services solutions, rest on our ability to have market leading technologies in each area. Without that, the other strategies do not work. And so we’ve got to make sure that we have market-leading strategies in our core areas. That, coupled with our breadth and scale, provides us with truly differentiated positioning in the marketplace. So with that, let me conclude the session here. But I’d like to remind you, before concluding, that we do plan to host our initial institutional investor and analyst meeting on June 5 in New York City. And with that, on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress in our Q4 call, which we anticipate holding on May 20. Thank you.
Mike Coyle: Sure, on the CoreValve ramp, I think it is pretty much just the way Rhonda Robb laid it out at the TCT meeting in terms of us basically ramping from the 60 centers that we currently have established a presence in. Roughly 20 to 30 centers a quarter for the next two quarters, and then probably adding at 40 per quarter after that. So that basically is the ramp rate we are going to pursue. Obviously, the key here is to have the very effective training of the sites, as we bring out the technology. It has performed excellently in clinical trials, and we want to make sure that performance continues as we ramp through the larger number of centers. On the SFA side, we’ve studied this application of the [unintelligible] product in multiple studies, and have had consistent results. And as you can imagine, we’re now at a stage where the presentation of the data is coming at the Charing Cross meeting, which is in the first week of April, so we’re very closely working with the centers who were involved in the study in preparing the data and are very confident that we’re going to have a good presentation at Charing Cross.
Mike Coyle: I think basically the strength of the data that was shown at PCC, I think, has really given a shot in the arm to the overall growth profile of the business. And we also have, obviously, a number of other small competitors who are coming in [unintelligible]. Those things combined, I think, are helping to accelerate the market. And we think there’s plenty of headroom for more continued growth, as more data comes out on things like the high risk patients, and obviously as we continue to reenroll patients in the [unintelligible] risk patient population. In addition, we’ve seen some favorable reimbursement moves, for example in France, and those things are helping us to see nice growth in the overall market.
Mike Coyle: I think we’ve provided kind of five-year guidance of somewhere in the 12% to 14% range, so I think we’re going to provide guidance for next year, I think when we have completed our planning activities, which are ongoing right now.
Mike Coyle: Yes, we have submitted the data for the high risk. And those will be presented at the ACA meeting here at the end of March.
Mike Coyle: The way I would characterize it is we really have to look at this over the two quarters, because of the volatility and what happens at the end of the quarters. So on a global basis, we think our share was relatively stable, if you look at that six-month kind of window. We saw share capture, I think, in international, where we basically have the full product set of offerings with the Evera product lines and the Viva XT product lines, including the [unintelligible], the Attain Performa product available in Europe and Japan. We’re obviously still waiting for that product approval in the U.S., so we have seen a little bit of share loss in the U.S., but we would expect there are a number of obviously significant catalysts now that are coming into the market to help us on the share side, including the [adapta] CRT data, which basically is the first clinical feature to show reduced AF and reduced heart failure burden in patients who get LV-only CRT pacing. We also obviously will get the Performa product into the U.S. after the approval cycle has gone through. And as Omar mentioned, the TYRX product is a very exciting one for us in terms of its use in device implants. There’s a 2% to 4% rate of infection, especially in replacements and in high risk patients, that we think we can make a meaningful impact on using these technologies. And that would obviously be added to our over product offerings. So that, in addition to the lead integrity alert that we’ve now gotten approval to use on not only our own, but on competitive product lines, we think is a very valuable feature that is going to help us move share in the market. So all these are new dynamics that we’ll have for us going forward.
Mike Coyle: I think you said it well. The ability with the leadless pacemaker to basically eliminate the [unintelligible], you know, pacing is a very safe invention, most of the complications are due to the creation of the pocket and the running of the leads. So the availability to be able to do a very quick procedure with a [unintelligible] delivery is, we think, very exciting. And especially as Omar mentioned, in emerging markets, there are just many more physicians with those skill sets. So the combination, we think, is very exciting for that market. And I think the Linq product, the ability to actually just do a subcutaneous placement of the device, with especially an injection of a device that’s now 90% smaller than the Reveal product that it’s replacing, really is a major advance technologically. But it’s also coupled with some very impressive data we just released at the International Stroke Society on Friday, the CRYSTAL-AF study, that we showed that cryptogenic stroke patients, patients with unexplained prior strokes, who we know are at very high risks of repeat stroke, but it’s difficult to determine how to treat them, that using standard care you’re only going to find AF in 3% of those patients over three years. If you use one of these Reveal devices, though, the Linq device, we’ll be in a position to, as our data showed, identify 30% of those patients as ultimately having asymptomatic AF, who need therapy that they otherwise would not get, who would then have a second stroke. So these things, we think, are really fundamentally new opportunities for growth in that segment.
Mike Coyle: Obviously the CoreValve approval for the extreme risk came very late in the last week, so it really had no impact in terms of any kind of bundling activities with our OR [DES] product. We did gain about a point and a half of global share year over year with Resolute Integrity, which is very impressive given that it’s been out seven, eight quarters into the market now. First, it’s a great product, and the deliverability of the product has really been very well received by the physician community. The labeling they have for diabetes, its performance in bifurcation, we continue to supplement the data set at every major meeting, and basically that factor is probably the single most important factor in driving the overall share growth. But I would also say that, as I’ve mentioned in the past, we have somewhere north of 12% of our total, for example, U.S. CVG revenue in multi product line bundles for CVG, and the Resolute Integrity product is in 98% of those [unintelligible], so it is probably the one that benefits more than any from that overall strategy. So it’s just a great product, and it’s being presented to the marketplace in the right way. And as we get these new catalysts, like the CoreValve, into the market, we expect the power of that story should only increase.
Gary Ellis: No, I think you hit what we’ve seen here recently, and as Omar said, we do expect it to continue to improve. And overall, we continue to expect that the emerging markets in general will get back up into that high teens growth as we go forward, to 20%. So each of the regions are laying out plans to achieve that, but we have seen a little bit of softness here in the last couple of quarters, but it does appear, basically just [unintelligible] data right now, but that seems to have bottomed. Still at double-digit growth, but it seems to have bottomed and then we’re starting to see the growth come back to what we would expect in those markets.
Gary Ellis: We’re not obviously giving FY15 guidance about at this point in time. We’ll do that as we complete our fourth quarter. The guidance for the current year has been consistent all year as far as where we were expecting to be at, and [tightening it] obviously in the quarter here, based on the fact that we only have one quarter yet to go. We had some headwinds as far as some of the tax benefits that we received in prior years, and so in general from that standpoint, there’s some headwinds on the medical device tax and things that the entire industry has had to deal with in general. And plus, interest component, depending on how you were looking at this previously, whether you were looking at it on a GAAP basis or non-GAAP basis with interest and general, the fact is, we think we are increasing the earnings, the earnings per share. We are getting leverage from the standpoint of where the revenue growth was at, from an operational perspective. As we look into next year, we will provide guidance obviously at our fourth quarter earnings call, but in general, as we highlighted in our presentation, we do continue to expect, as Omar said in his comments, 200 to 400 basis points of leverage on the earnings per share line versus what we do on the revenue line. And we would expect that as we move ahead. I’m not going to get into any more detail at this point, but that’s just generally what you should expect as we move into next year.
Gary Ellis: You’ve explained it well. Obviously the ultimate answer is that we need corporate tax reform in the U.S. to kind of address the issue and move on. But until that happens, we’re putting other strategies, assuming that we’ll still have the same issue. As Omar said, there are things that can be done, but for a company of Medtronic’s size, they’re relatively limited.
Gary Ellis: The reality is the 3% to 4% that we’ve been consistently saying all quarter, and for Q4, so we said 3% to 4% for the full year and 3% to 4% for the fourth quarter. And so that’s consistent with where we’ve been. We’re at 3.7% or something like that at this point in time year to date, so I think we’re still consistently in that range. And you have to remember, last year in our fourth quarter, we had a very, very strong fourth quarter, and so we have a tough comparison that, on the one hand, we’re looking at here in Q4. So we think 3% to 4% is reasonable. Obviously we can exceed that. We always will, but based on what we’ve done so far this year, where our markets are at, the 3% to 4% seems reasonable, both for the full fiscal year and for the fourth quarter.
Gary Ellis: We haven’t discussed the [unintelligible] strategy for that launch. But any revenue is recognized on implant, so we’re not planning on doing a big bulk launch. We’ve actually been inventory constrained, so [unintelligible] right now would be based on implant.
Gary Ellis: On the German market, as we mentioned last quarter, we were still working off of the loads that had been done during Q1 when we knew the injunction was imminent and customers were very much demanding our product. So, as we’ve said, we expected that to normalize by the end of the third quarter. It pretty much has normalized by the end of the third quarter, so we would expect, going into the fourth quarter, we should be back at run rates to implants driving our overall revenue. On the difference between the timing for the high risk data, obviously we continue to expect a mid-FY15 approval. That does assume a panel review. We didn’t have the panel review for the extreme risk data because simply the data was so compelling that the FDA saw no reason to go back for a secondary review. There has been no determination from the FDA on whether or not a panel would be required for the high risk data, and obviously it all depends on the quality of the data. We will be showing those data at the ACC meeting in a late breaking clinical trial session, and then we’ll be working with the FDA to schedule approval of the product.
