Geoff Martha: Robbie, well, thanks for the question. There’s a lot there to unpack. Maybe I’ll start and then hand it over to Karen. I mean, look, I think -- look, the quarter played out largely as expected, managing through these macro headwinds and making progress on supply chain issues, like resins and packaging. And the procedures largely remain at pre-COVID levels. And we are seeing month-over-month improvement and had a pretty good exit coming out of the quarter. Getting to the remaining three quarters of the year, I mean, one, you see coming out of this first quarter, you’ll see some tough comps anniversarying. I think we grew like 19% in Q1 last year, and we have vents and LVADs, certain tough comps anniversarying there. And then I mentioned earlier, some of these acute supply chain issues, we’re starting to put them behind us. I mentioned resins and packaging. We have semiconductors that we’re still dealing with across many businesses that will be with us for a little longer. But a lot of the acute issues we’re starting to put behind us. And then, we’ve got a number, and we’ll get -- I’ll let Karen get into the specifics of the Q2 versus the second half. But we have a number of nice growth drivers in the second half of the year, like the full market release of Evolut FX and EV-ICD coming as well. And it’s -- and there’s a whole -- there’s a number of other launches as well or even existing products that are out there that pick up momentum, and the cadence as they go through the three quarters. Maybe I’ll turn it over to Karen to provide a little more details on that.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. Well, I’ll start by saying -- I think I’m going to hand it over to Sean here for the answer on this one. But we’re -- as you’ve seen over the last couple of months and a number of conferences, more and more data is coming out. I saw you did an interview or whatever, a session with the KOL in the space, and it was good to hear his feedback. So, there is a lot of -- more and more data emerging, more and more physician excitement and confidence as they -- our sites, our trial sites have been working with these patients for quite a long time, and the data continues to build and be super positive. So, we’re optimistic. And Sean’s pointed this out before, the FDA has done their own kind of patient preference studies, and it’s clear to them that patients prefer this to medical management. So, I know that they’re looking for this to hit the market as well. But the specifics on your questions, I’ll open up to Sean here to answer those on the timing of the data and will we have an adcom or what have you.
Geoff Martha: Bob mentioned the Touch Surgery. That’s another big piece here with this ecosystem. That’s something we learned in the spine space, how important it is to have not just the robot, but the all enabling technologies around it. We’re starting to -- customers are starting to use Touch Surgery with Hugo now and surgeons are impressed with the kind of analytical capabilities and the benefits of the secure video storage and sharing for case review and training and whatnot. So, the ecosystem for our soft tissue robot is coming along nicely, as Bob mentioned. So, there’s definitely some excitement on our end.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Yes. Thanks for the question, Travis. Yes, we’re definitely continuing to look at the whole portfolio more intently, and we’ve been doing that for several months now, as you mentioned. And look, I’ll start by saying, look, we’re really deeply committed to doing the right things for shareholders and all Medtronic stakeholders. And when we’re looking at this portfolio and capital allocation, we are talking about both, the buying and the selling side and actively looking at, as you pointed out, portfolio management to really improve our weighted average market growth rate, whether it be through addition or subtraction and to make sure that the growth is more durable. So look, we’re making -- we made a lot -- we’re making a lot of progress on the approach here to look strategically at each business. And last quarter, we -- I’ll remind you, we did announce an initial step on the subtraction side of things with the Renal Care Solutions JV with DaVita, but this process will be a continuous process. I just want to also set that expectation and will play out over time. So the goals are unchanged. The process continues. And like the goal is this durable growth. So, it’s a lot easier to grow and our rated market growth rate is increasing as well. And I’ll leave it at that and turn it over to Karen for the other question.
Geoff Martha: Well, look, I’ll -- thanks for the question, Larry. I’ll start on the expectations for Q2 and beyond on the supply chain stuff. Like I mentioned, Q4, Q1 were the most acute for us on these supply chain issues, and I’m definitely glad that we’re looking in the rearview mirror on those quarters. We’re not out of the -- totally out of the woods yet, but our back orders are coming down. We’re seeing particular improvement in areas like resins and packaging across the Company. A lot of this is a result of us taking well over 100 of our employees and co-located them with our top suppliers to help them prioritize Medtronic, but more importantly, kind of work through, make sure that communication is tight, the planning is tight. And that’s really making a difference. The macro market is getting a little better. I mean, some of these areas, in particular. I mentioned earlier that semiconductors are still going to be with us for a while, that back order, we’re working directly with the semiconductor companies on this. And just across the board also, one of the things we’ve done in addition to co-locating our employees with our top suppliers is going out to -- directly to the commodity or raw material suppliers versus the supplier that’s between us and them, if you will, the finisher or the distributor, the middleman, and locking in contracts and getting prioritization, especially given that these products go into medical products and life preserving life saving. And in some cases, those raw material suppliers weren’t aware of that. So all of this is definitely helping, and we’ll continue to see this back order go down over time. As I said, I think we’re starting to put the most acute piece of this behind us. In terms of catching up on lost sales, kind of like COVID, we don’t put a bolus of lost sales coming through into our guidance. And right now, in particular, as you’ve seen and heard is there is kind of a little bit of a governor out there on procedures with the healthcare worker shortage, which has gotten better, but it’s still hard for customers to run at 110%, 120% of pre-COVID levels. So because of that, we haven’t really baked a catch-up on sales into the guidance. You had some specific quantification questions on, and I’ll turn those over to Karen. And Karen, anything else you want to add to the qualitative comments that I made.
Geoff Martha: I think the -- thanks for the question. I think the variance path is an option. But as I said earlier, I think our primary priority is to -- is to work with the FDA and remediate the warning letter, now focus entirely on doing that. Obviously, we’d love to. We’re very eager to launch the product, but we’re focused on patient safety, making sure that our remediation plans are robust. It’s really the first and foremost in our mind that we make those corrective actions. So, that’s our primary focus. In parallel to that, we are engaged with the FDA on getting the 780G and Guardian 4 sensor system approved. Those -- both those things continue to make progress. It’s obviously very hard for us to be completely predictive around when those things will happen, but I’m really pleased with the progress that we’re making on both of those.
Geoff Martha: That’s a great question. Thanks for that one, Steve. They’re -- they’ve made quite a bit of progress in a relatively short period of time. Greg started in April of 2021. So, it’s been a little over a year. And in that time, we’ve -- working with the executive team, we’ve centralized, if you will, the global operations and supply chain function. This is one of those opportunities in our new model where we’re trying to play small and play big at the same time. Certain things have been decentralized into the businesses and the businesses are more empowered, refer to them as operating units. And then certain things, a limited list where we’ll leverage our scale or drive and/or drive standards. And the supply chain is definitely one of those. So, we’ve made that change, that organizational change, which is probably the biggest organizational change we’ve made,, even more than going to the 20 operating units. And so, it’s significant. In addition, we started to invest in new capabilities, hiring people from outside the company, outside the industry, and in many cases, that are best-in-class in the various sub functions, if you will, or capabilities within global operations and supply chain, things like planning, things like factory automation, et cetera. And we’ve been -- so we’ve hired quite a few, and I think the majority of Greg’s team is new in the last year, and we’ve been making investments in technology, various different systems on planning and supply planning, demand planning, et cetera. And the number one focus has been resiliency and quality. There’s three things we’re looking at from this function: resiliency, quality because they have a big impact on quality; and over time, cost of goods sold productivity that you’re getting to that would be 2x or more of what we’ve seen historically at Medtronic. And so, that will play out over time. We haven’t seen that yet. The other thing -- you’ve got a lot going on in there. You’ve got inflation and things like that that are kind of masking any kind of or overshadowing, if you will, any kind of cost of goods sold productivity that we are seeing, so. But we will see that over time and we’re confident. But we haven’t quantified the exact timing of it. And like I said, it’s been a little kind of hard to decipher here in the short term because of the inflationary impact on our cost of goods sold. I don’t know, Karen, do you want to...
Geoff Martha: Sure. Thanks for the question, Rich. I’m going to have Brett Wall, Mr. Neuroscience, field that question.
Geoff Martha: Yes. We’re really excited about the positioning of our spine business with the recent product launches in the implant side, but the ecosystem that we’ve built over the last decade and how that’s come to bear and how the market is shifting to that ecosystem approach. So, we’re feeling good about spine as we move forward here.
Geoff Martha: Yes. So, yes just -- Rick, on this, one in the short term, we’ll see a pretty nice uptick in sequential growth going from our Q1 to our Q2, and then see more sequential improvement from there. But the reason we’re confident is things like these two areas that you mentioned, along with a host of others, right? Micra continues. As Sean mentioned, Micra, we just hit PFA and what’s coming there, and EV-ICD in the cardiac space. But on the call -- and then down the road, RDN, see the data, the economic impact of that will be a little bit out there beyond this year, obviously, but -- out this fiscal year, but there’s another -- and then you -- that’s just in the cardiology area. We hit on Hugo on soft tissue robotics side. I forgot to mention mitral and tricuspid on the cardiac side. There’s a lot in cardiology. You got the soft tissue robot. And that whole surgical ecosystem that we’re surrounding that with that’s way more than the robot. You’ve got a lot going on in neuroscience. We mentioned the spine surgical ecosystem. And we didn’t get any questions on DBS this time with the sensing and the Percept product and the leads that go with it and the closed loop trial that we’re doing there. And we talked a little bit about ECAPs and pain. And then shifting -- you heard Que talk about diabetes and what we’re seeing in Europe with the system now, the 780G and just sending in the Simplera submission into the EU, and she gave you the dynamics on when we would do it in the U.S. But there’s a lot going on here, and we’re excited about it. And the operational issues that we’ve gone through, not all of them are completely in the rearview mirror. Like I mentioned, semiconductor shortages. But it’s made us stronger. And all this, the changes that we made will become more apparent in the quarters. The benefits of those changes will become more apparent in the quarters ahead here, and we’re looking forward to it for sure.
Geoff Martha: So with that, I think that is all for Q&A, all the time we have. And I just, again, want to thank you for the questions, the engagement. As always, we appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our continued progress, we talked about here on our next earnings call, our Q2 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on November 22, so just before Thanksgiving, here in the U.S. -- just before Thanksgiving. And so with that, thanks for tuning in today, and please stay healthy and safe, and have a great rest of your day.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, and good morning, Robbie. So, I would add on Q2 that we do also expect some modest improvement in underlying procedural fundamentals. For example, we expect China procedures to come back. And we had some cardio procedures that were slightly impacted from contrast supply last quarter that we expect to come back. We also continue to factor in the potential for incremental pressure from volume-based procurement in China, including a potential national VBP tender in spine and continued provincial tenders in SI. But just an important reminder, in Q2, we do have much easier comparisons versus the prior year. We grew only 2% last fiscal year, and that was given the impact of the Delta variant and some labor shortages on procedure volumes. So, then as we move into the back half of the year, Geoff mentioned the exciting product launches that we have and the continued improvement in our acute supply chain challenges. And then, I would also just note that our year over comparisons continue to get easier from where they were in Q2. We had roughly 1.5% growth in Q3 and Q4 last year. And we also have the vent headwind easing in the back half. And in terms of what’s going on with our portfolios and the diabetes offset, yes, we did see greater strength in diabetes in this quarter, particularly in international growth, and we expect that to continue. And then, we’re just being overall prudent with our guidance. We think it’s early in the fiscal year. We’ve still got a lot of macro uncertainties, particularly with inflation and freight. And so, again, we just wanted to be prudent. I hope that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Travis. We did exit the quarter with better momentum. We saw a reduction in our backlogs. We saw continued improvement each month of the quarter. And as we look at August, it’s still early. And we do have -- we’re still managing through some supply issues in some of our businesses. So, the numbers are a little cloudy. But, when we took that into account in our guidance -- and when we look at the operating units that are not impacted by supply issues through the first three weeks of August, we’re trending largely in line with the second quarter of last year. So seeing continued momentum and improvement.
Karen Parkhill: Thank you. I think you covered it well on supply chain. We did say that we expect it to get a little worse before it got better, and that’s what happened in the first quarter, but we expect it to get better from here. We do have the supply chain improving, but again, not necessarily a bolus catch-up built into the guide. In terms of FX, as you’ve seen, we’ve had the strengthening dollar continue to impact our reported revenue, just like it has for many of our peers. We do have foreign currency-based cost of sales and overhead. And now we have foreign currency-based interest expense as well, and those all provided some offset. And as you know, Larry, we also have the benefit of our multiyear currency hedging program, which did produce significant gains, and that resulted in a smaller FX impact to the bottom line in the quarter. As we look ahead for FX, I would say, keep in mind, it’s only Q1 now. We’ve got foreign exchange rates that are continually volatile. So, we know they’re going to move from here. But, if we look at next fiscal year, based on recent rates, we would expect the headwind next fiscal year to be similar to the headwind this fiscal year, again, if rates stay the same. I hope that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. On margins, we do expect margins to improve sequentially through the year as revenue improves. So, the answer to that one is yes. And then, Geoff, for...
Karen Parkhill: We will do that as soon as we feel confident that we’ve made sufficient progress on the warning letter remediation as well as progress on the 780G. So, as you know, we submitted for CE Mark in July, as we said we would. And we just want to make sure that our focus remains on those immediate short-term goals of warning letter remediation and approval for the 780G.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, and thanks for the question. We are making a lot of progress in the ops front. And our shorter term goal is going to be a focus on driving enough cost offset to offset the impacts that we’ve got, either in pricing or inflation. We’re not ready to give guidance for next fiscal year, but that’s the initial goal just to offset. And then over time, to hopefully more than offset. I would say, Geoff mentioned, too, that this work in operations is not just going to help on the cost of goods sold line, but also on the revenue line, as we can more predictably have products available and get quality issues in better stead. So, I think it will help on both.
