Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Gary. Before opening the lines for Q&A, let me briefly conclude by stating that Q4 was another strong quarter, a good finish to a successful and transformative year. As we look ahead, while we are facing increased headwinds from foreign exchange, we must remain focused in the operations of the company striving to reliably deliver on baseline financial model, mid-single digit constant currency revenue growth, EPS growth 200 to 400 basis points faster than revenue on an operational basis, and returning 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders. To achieve these goals we continue to execute in our three primary strategies, therapy innovation, globalization, and the economic value. We expect our efforts to deliver consistent and reliable performance, combined with the disciplined capital allocation, will enable us to create long-term, dependable value in healthcare. With that, we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gary, I've asked Mike Coyle, President of our Cardiac and Vascular Group; Bryan Hanson, President of our Minimally Invasive Therapies Group; Chris O'Connell, President of our Restorative Therapies Group; and Hooman Hakami, President of our Diabetes Group to join us. We are really able to get to everyone's questions so please limit yourself to only one question and only one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. Of course it has, because if you just look overall the number of procedures, look at what hospital systems are reporting in terms of their procedures and our own experience, certainly the market has picked up. But I would add, like three factors, some of which you mentioned already, which is some contributed to our performance. First is that there is an overall pick up and stabilization in fact of the market and now I think so correlating directly with the increased expectation from demographics. So that’s certainly there. I think in addition, like you pointed out a convergence for our new products coming altogether at roughly the same time has given us a boost and there is no question about it. And finally, we haven't fully quantified it yet, but there is a pull-through effect of some of our implantable devices from very strong diagnostic monitoring sales, our LINQ device sales. We don’t know how much that is, but I think the three of these put together, probably the main factors driving this increased growth in the U.S.
Omar Ishrak: Well, first, yes, we clearly are more flexibility as we have talked about several times with the increased access to overseas cash. And I think also our increased operating productivity that we will get from synergies is the factor that we have to consider. And so based on that, we are examining our overall capital allocation strategy and we are going to update you shortly on this in a pretty short timeframe. That’s I think all I can share at this point.
Omar Ishrak: Well, number of points, first of all, from an overall perspective you are right the business itself, spine taking in isolation, hasn’t quite kept up with the way the markets have trended at least in the last 12 months I would say. But there is a short-term strategy to this, which is probably related to the timing of some of the new products which we will see it play through in the coming quarters here in the short-term. Then the longer-term aspect of this and that we have always said that our strategy in that space is really an integrated strategy that uses our overall capabilities in capital equipment and in surgical tools together with spine to give us the competitive advantage. And to that effect, we’ve reorganized our commercial teams at the regional management level, that’s already in placed. We’ve done that both in the U.S. and in Europe, and we are going to -- we have to see how that plays out. I think that’s really our strategy and we’re going to monitor how we deliver on these two aspects in the coming quarters very closely.
Omar Ishrak: Look, the way we look at these businesses is, first, are they in line with our mission or not. And second, if they are and in this situation the way we define that is that these businesses collectively impact patient outcomes through elevating pain restoring health to extending life. Second thing we look at is there room to improve that further, is there technology capability there that can help us drive the outcomes and better outcomes in a more meaningful way, then we look at, is the market space is attractive, can we grow it and is our key capable of delivering. And then finally, we look at that in combination with everything else that we have from a broad value-based healthcare perspective. So within that we led this thing play out, I mean, this is we just beginning to put this new structure together with that kind of thinking in the business groups and then overtime we’ll evaluate what fits and we are constantly looking at our overall portfolio and we do divestitures of certain items that we feel does not fit into that overall strategy. So we’ll look at these businesses just like any other business in that context. But certainly, the main question are they in line with our mission or not, can they make a difference for technology, we think, yes.
Omar Ishrak: Well, the first thing is that beyond the cost synergies, I just want to remind you that there are two very specific areas that we’ve called out, in drug coated balloon and in neurovascular where we’re getting immediate benefit and we expect some growth acceleration as a result of that. Beyond that, we've begun to explore at a pretty much grassroots levels of engineers, sort of other opportunities where we can leverage each other's technologies. Now from an M&A perspective, which is using that access to that extra -- using extra access we have to that cash, we stated that we’re going to look at early technologies in the U.S. primarily where there maybe opportunities which we haven't been able to participate into the degree that we’d like to, to create a long-term technology pipeline of early stage technologies that we think can make a difference. We’ve begun to look at it. We’ve actually already -- in the interior for example, we’re already kind of executed on some of these and we’ve got a good pipeline of other activities that we’re looking at closely. But beyond that, the Covidien or the MITG business has had a history of doing acquisitions to supplement their business with regularity and we’ll certainly continue to encourage that process and in fact focus it even more according to the way in which we’ve organized overall business. So the M&A activity from us, certainly from a technology perspective is very sort of close to what we’re focusing on. Bigger deals, obviously opportunistically, we’ll look at it, but that’s a matter of our overall financial bandwidth and our management bandwidth. So that’s the way in which we’re approaching this.
Omar Ishrak: Well, number of points. First of all, our confidence and our belief and really share it if you like, in the long-term opportunity in emerging markets is completely unchanged and we’re not tolerating on that. That’s just matter of fact. The way in which we approach that market to tap into that opportunity, particularly in the short-term, actually it’s been more complex and more difficult than we first envisaged. And so the growth rate has been slower than what certainly we had originally thought. I think having said that there is certainly, fairly respectable double-digit growth that we can expect reliably, but we want that to be higher. And we’re looking at methods which we continually actually looking at methods which we can do that sooner rather than later. And as we’re learning, channel optimization is a key factor, partnerships with government is a key factor. And finally, referral chain development is something that we need to approach with far greater scale than we’re had before. These are all important factors. As far as Covidien goes, there are number of things that make us optimistic that this combination will help us. One, there is a complementary strength in certain markets. In the Middle East and Latin America, where between Covidien and Medtronic, we were complementary strength. As a result, we now have our emerging market profile diversify between China, Middle East, and Africa, and Latin America as a big three kind of centers within the emerging markets while previously on a standalone Medtronic basis it was dramatic China. So that gives us a little bit diversity in this markets that we didn’t have. And finally as we’ve talked about before, simply the scale that we now will allow us to penetrate more geographies much more efficiently than we could before and just adding more sales team around the world either in underpenetrated regions within countries or in brand new countries will have to contribute. So we haven’t pieced all of that stuff together yet, then we are in the process of prioritizing some of those investments. And again, we are trying to accelerate the growth profile in emerging markets with actually pretty great sense of urgency.
Omar Ishrak: I think number of things. First of all, as we go forward, this is going to reflect in our overall productivity. I think that’s the best way to do it, although we will keep track of our value capture efforts with very detailed and granular programs. I think at some point new efforts that are results of the combination versus efforts that were already in place that get accelerated gets very kind of mixed up. And since we’re trying to divide those things up, we’re going to sort of commit to certain levels of productivity that we get out of different line items in our P&L. And that’s the way to do it. We feel good about a long-term productivity that we can get out of this that the value capture, the synergy sort of effort is going to eventually morph into a long-term productivity benefit, extending way beyond the three years that we projected. I think that’s the correct way to look at it, that this becomes a productivity engine of significant magnitude that we didn’t have before and to some extent, we are pretty excited about.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Thanks everyone and thanks to all of you for those great questions. And with that on behalf of our entire management team, thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q1 call, which we anticipate, holding on September 3rd. Thank you and have a great day.
Gary Ellis: Yes, Mike, back to the -- on the foreign exchange, yes the majority of the $0.10 change from what we have previously estimated on the FX is primarily related to the fact that as we hedged Covidien in the fourth quarter, the rates were even lower than where we provide guidance originally on the $0.30 to $0.40. So yes, I mean, the fact is we did -- as get hit Covidien with our hedging program, but unfortunately by the time we got them in our hedging program, we were at probably -- the rates were similar to where we are at currently and that generated an additional loss from the standpoint of foreign exchange overall. So that’s the majority of the $0.10. So the rest of it is, there is some slight impact just from the standpoint that we don't hedge up to 100% of our even the Medtronic earnings, it’s more like 80%. And so there were still some impact on the foreign exchange getting bit worse since their earnings call previously even on the Medtronic and their hedge component, but the majority of it was locking in Covidien under contracts that basically increased the potential negative hit going forward. Now the good news is they are locked in. So we need further change as we go forward obviously which should be minimized as a result of that. As you indicated, as we look forward I think right now from what I have seen out there for some of the models, I think people have it probably little bit too much front-end loaded. There is going to be more based on the results as we go forward here. Foreign exchange is pretty much heavier hit in the first half of the year and assuming the rates stay the same will be less in the back half year. As you said the tax rate, they will be a little higher in the first until we get the R&D credit approved. And the value capture is going to occur as we go through the year. So that’s clearly going to be escalating and we will have more benefit on value capture in the back half of the year. So I think some of the models are need to be shifting probably a little bit more from the first half to the second half on earnings per share guidance.
Gary Ellis: Yeah. Okay. With respect to, first of all, the Kyphon aspect and the charge we took in the quarter related to Kyphon. This relates to an issue we’ve had that was raised by the IRS related to our acquisition of Kyphon several years ago and which we used a combination of basically OUS cash and U.S. cash, the comparison there. There was a dispute on how much of that was taxable, et cetera. So as you recall, we used about $3.3 billion of OUS cash to do that transaction. What we’ve ended up agreeing with preliminary decision, the Board still has to approve this, but we agreed basically the settlement with the IRS where we ended up paying about $275 million to settle that and then interest on top of that gets you to the charge we took for the quarter overall. This is not the transfer pricing, put it for transfer pricing issue that we’ve talked about in some of the other previous meetings where which we’ll have a significant impact on the cash flow going forward, this is kind of more of a one-off item related to the acquisition. But it was a major outstanding issue we had with the IRS and we’re happy to get this when settled and move beyond it. As far as the tax rate going forward, 16% to 18%, that is basically in-line with what we’ve expected. If you went back and looked at Medtronic previously and remember this is all now on cash earning and so it’s actually a lower rate that you put in the amortization impact. So it -- you got to make sure you're looking at apples-to-apples when you look at this, Kristen. But, overall, I mean, Medtronic previously was kind of in -- we’ve been in that kind of 18% to 20% range, Covidien had been kind of in that 16% to 17% range. And then as we basically pull this all together, you leverage those and as we indicated is we’re going to get about 200 basis point drop as we come forward related to that. So as a result, we end up on that 16% to 18% range, I mean, is it 15.5% to 17.5%, I mean, that’s kind of how we get to the overall number. So it’s in line with what we've expected and been guiding towards overall. Obviously, there is still lot of moving parts with respect to the tax planning and strategies as we go forward, but we think that range is right in line with kind of what we saw here in Q4 as we went forward. It’s all depends on R&D tax credit, getting renewed, all those types of things. So as we go forward, we feel confident that that’s we are kind of in that range than we’ll have to see where that ultimately ends up, but that’s kind of our current expectation. It is in line with what we’ve been saying previously.
Gary Ellis: Well, the R&D tax credit, probably, has an impact of 50 basis points or so to the overall rate as far as where that is. So it’s not huge but it does have an impact on it. And it all depends obviously when they comes in and how much -- how it plays out as far as how much catch up you have when it occurs. On the transfer pricing issue at Puerto Rico, the cohort is the case. We’re waiting for the judge’s decision on that and that will be whenever the judge decides. I mean, it’s probably going to be towards -- closer towards end of FY or a fiscal year before we hear anything on that, but it’s all based on their timing.
Gary Ellis: No, I mean, I think the free cash flow, if you just take and even use our fourth quarter free cash flow here of a $1.7 billion and kind of talk, is that is going to annualize that. Your time more in that $6.8 billion to $7 billion range is kind of what we’ve been talking about overall. Now the reality is however foreign exchange has a big impact in that free cash flow also. And so just like the kind of our annual rate overall that’s kind of where we’d be at and you’d have as back to Omar’s point earlier, you have some synergies coming into play, the cost of value capture synergies are benefited. But FX is going to be a headwind on cash flow also. So my guess is right now our numbers are probably clearly was based on FX rates, are clearly below $7 billion, probably closer to between $6.5 billion and $7 billion with all the moving parts are going on just because the foreign exchange. And as we indicated, we do think right now that based on those rates, we’re probably going to be closer to somewhere around 60% of that cash is accessible in the FY16 timeframe would be our current assumption based on the numbers that we see rolling in. And that’s why our 50% commitment to return cash to shareholders, obviously we have much more flexibility around that with that 60% kind of mix that we’re expecting at this point. The other thing that’s one on Bob, that’s all based in kind of what I’d call on operating basis, including the FX piece. There obviously are still some one-time items that do affect cash flow and that free cash flow I just talked about is really coming from our operating results and that’s where we based all of our assumptions on. But I do have to think about the fact that there are going to be -- so there will be some additional restructuring and things like that and capital investments we’re going to have to make as we go forward with Covidien acquisition. So that’s all taken into account as we kind of think through our overall free cash flow here for the current year. But in general, I would use right now -- I think it’s less than $7 billion that we’ve previously kind of been talking about. You’re probably down more in the $6.5 billion to $7 billion just based on what’s going on with foreign exchange.
Gary Ellis: On the tax rate, it’s assumed in the guidance, Larry. But what we are saying is that it’s probably towards the higher end of the range until the credit has approved but assuming it gets approved and that we could be in that range.
Gary Ellis: Well. I can’t go through all the number you just laid out, Larry, because I don’t have those in my mind. Let me look at it from the way. You are right. Our revenue growth overall as we indicated is expected to grow, plus the 1% to 1.5% related to the extra week. So just taking the midpoint of the range of 5%, you are seeing somewhere around 6%, 6.5% revenue growth. What do we indicated on the comments overall? From the operating margin perspective as we looked at it, we know from the standpoint of what we are driving there as far as the 100 basis point of improvement on the operating margin as we go forward, we are driving about 400 basis points of leverage and the operating income line on a operational basis before foreign exchange. And so the point is yes. We are getting that 400 basis points of leverage that we talked about in the calculation. That’s offset, that’s measurably impacted by foreign exchange and so it’s all going to get back. The foreign exchange is offsetting the majority of the overall operating leverage that we’ve talked about and that we are trying to drive towards. So the rest of numbers get a little bit more difficult as we think about the number of shares that had been issued and in the various tax rates are going on between various years as we go forward. But the guidance is kind of in line with what we were expecting from the overall standpoint of earnings per share growing. Again, as we talked about that 200 to 400 basis points faster than the revenue but unfortunately with $0.40 to $0.50 of FX hit, you take the 430 to 440 and add $0.40 to $0.50 to that, I think you are going to get to the point that it is on a constant currency basis is significant leverage over and above the revenue growth.
Mike Coyle: So on LINQ overall, you have to think about it in terms of its three indications for use of syncope, cryptogenic stroke and atrial fibrillation. On the syncope side, we are probably in the low to mid 20s, penetrated 0.22%. Again, I’m just talking about the U.S. and Europe because that really is the place, currently where it is generating the very significant revenues and we’re still building up reimbursement in other places around the world. In cryptogenic stroke, it's more like 5% penetrated. And then when you look at atrial fibrillation, it’s more like 1% to 2% penetrated. So there's still plenty of growth opportunity left obviously in the product. Now, we don’t expect competitors who are looking, who have basic capabilities in electronics, are going to looking at this and ignore it. So, we expect that at some point, we are going to see competitors but frankly, we haven't seen anything yet. I think we're now at a point, as we look at our five-year plans where we think this will be a billion dollar contributor to the overall product company in terms of just its diagnostic sales. And as Omar pointed out, when you look at the syncope patients, you put one of these devices and roughly 8% to 9% of those patients will end up with the pacemaker within a year and by the time you get out to year three, it's more like 20%. So it is really the source of the Low Power growth that we have seen in the United States in terms of growth in units. So, we think it is an important product line in terms of what it does for us on product sales but it also provide us now with service revenue opportunity longer term to monitor patients. And so we will be updating that as our plans develop.
Mike Coyle: Just to be clear, the 30% number is the heart valve therapies numbers. So it’s a combination of our transcatheter valves and surgical valves. So actually the TAVI growth in the United States is faster than the international growth.
Mike Coyle: So, our growth in overall was about 50% in the U.S. We almost doubled our revenues in TAVI during the quarter on a year-over-year basis. So, U.S. is considerably faster in terms of its overall growth.
Mike Coyle: So, I just didn’t want to finish up with the -- we don't do any meaningful stocking of transcatheter out in the U.S. just to finish your first question. On the trans continuous pacing product line, obviously, we are talking about O-U.S. now and Europe with the CE Mark that we now have. And there is no separate reimbursement in the sense of this product line obtaining different reimbursement in Europe. So it basically is being targeted at a specific set of patients who might be at risk for infection and single chamber of patient population. Although, you do see opportunities this year, a makeshift towards more single chamber pacing because of the benefit this product line offers in terms of a lower expected complication rates. So, we think it’s an important breakthrough but you will see us to be deliberate in the rollout of this product. It requires very different implant technique than what the standard pacemaker has and so you will see us doing very significant training and education as we roll this out and that will gage some of the speed with which its grows.
