Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Gary. Before opening the lines for Q&A, let me briefly conclude by reiterating that in the end, Q1 was a solid quarter, despite a number of challenges. While 3% topline growth is consistent with the outlook we provided at the beginning of the year, it was softer than we expected and fell just below our mid-single digit baseline goals. However, I also want to emphasize that our team executed well to deliver on the bottom line. And looking ahead, we remain confident in our outlook for the remainder of the year. We continue to focus on strengthening and geographically diversifying our business so that we can deliver consistent and dependable growth. Although there will always be pressures in the dynamic environment, we intend to execute in areas that we can control. Including growing our markets and building our business so that it is resilient enough to offset the variables that are beyond our control. And overtime, we are striving to reliably deliver on our baseline expectation which are, consistent mid-single digit revenue growth, consistent EPS growth, 200 to 400 basis points faster than revenue and returning 50% of our pretax growth to shareholders. At the same time, we are positioning Medtronic to play a leading role in global healthcare by executing in our transformational opportunities of new therapy development, economic value and globalization. We believe that crisp execution on both our baseline and long-term growth strategy, combined with strong and disciplined capital allocation, will enable us to create long-term dependable value in healthcare. With that, we would now like to open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gary, I have asked Mike Coyle, President of our Cardiac and Vascular Group, and Chris O’Connell, President of our Restorative Therapies Group, to join us again for the Q&A session. We’re rarely able to get to everyone’s questions, so we respectfully request that you limit yourself to only one question and if necessary, one follow up, so that we can get to as many people as possible. If you have additional questions, please contact our investor relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: I think largely you are correct. I think it was mostly Q1 isolated the Q1 itself and the dynamics are between Q1 and Q2 as opposed to Q4.
Omar Ishrak: Look, we’re watching China closely for obvious reasons. Now, the first thing that I’d like to say is that in no way does any of this activity shake our belief that it is a market we’ve got to win and we’ve got to be committed to, and we’ve got to understand locally how it operates. Now, you’re right that the Chinese government is looking at pricing very carefully and probably as they should. But in our view, most of that is directed around go-to-market models using distributors, which we are looking at very carefully. It’s a market where we eventually have to have more direct presence with the customers themselves. Now, the way we have traditionally gone to market, we use distributors for a variety of reasons, a lot of those extremely necessary. And so we don’t want to make any dramatic changes, but we are, as we’re doing in almost every other country in the world, examining our distribution models very carefully. That’s the action that we’re taking, and at the same time we’re working very closely with the government to help put in the investment, so that healthcare in China can be dramatically improved. So again we’re watching the situation closely, particularly on the distribution channels, but we don’t expect at this stage any dramatic moves anytime soon. And again, as I said, we’re just watching it.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah. I think that’s a fair question, Mike. Just to give a little background, what I’d said is that our long term strategy as we build the business out both organically and inorganically is to do – progress along two definitive directions. The first is to build out comprehensively the three big clinical areas that we’ve identified as our focus areas; Cardiovascular, Diabetes, and Restorative therapies. The second was to expand along the continuous care in each of these areas. And so, you’ll see us moving in those concurrent directions as we go forward. Now, in response to the specific question, in diabetes for example, today we’re a niche player so to speak in Type 1 Diabetes and patients who require insulin. We see that we’ve got a platform which enables us to step into a broader range of diabetes patients who largely are of type 2. First, through our call center presence which is very significant, which we can broaden to apply to a broader patient group. And the acquisition of Cardiocom actually helps in that endeavor. Second, through our continuous glucose monitoring technology, which we feel, as we improve its technology, we can expand into more and more patient types. And then thirdly, we continue to look at value products in our expansion into emerging markets, which will enable us to come out with lower and lower cost pumps over time, which should again address a broader set of population. I think in these areas we expect to grow organically as well as inorganically and expand our footprint into a broader range of diabetic patients. In terms of restorative therapies, clearly our strength is our approach into that segment through neuroscience and neurology, which has been our core expertise driven by DBS and other neuromodulation products. From there, we take advantage of the fact that in the U.S. at least, most of the neurosurgeons are spinal surgeons as well. And from that, we have gone into spinal implants as you know and have a built a big franchise there. We are looking around that space both in orthopedics potentially, but also in other areas of neuroscience, in ENT, which have overlapped with that broad category. Again, both organically and inorganically we are looking at these areas to try to fill these gaps and we see considerable opportunity in both of those areas. And at the same time we are also looking for patient continuum of care movements in all three of these areas where we can look at patient management, post treatment, and also diagnostics specifically related to the therapy that we are talking about.
Omar Ishrak: Well, look our outlook for emerging markets overall has not changed. We are confident that we can deliver between 15% and 20% quite reliably, and are striving to make that thing 20% or more. And in certain regions we actually have shown consistency at over 20% for an extended period of time. China, we haven’t been able to do that although our growth rate has consistently been 15% or better and have touched 20% every so often. And China is the biggest market, so we are very focused on driving that up as quickly as possible. Our plans are actually looking at increasing China's performance on a stead basis through the coming quarters and into next year. So if anything, we are expecting that we are closer to 20% rather than the other way around. You know there may well be issues to do with government policy and all of that but in general healthcare is a tremendous need in China and access to healthcare is a big focus of the government. And we are making investments within China. As you know in our Kanghui acquisition, we’ve done the Life Tech partnership as well, as well as put in direct sales people in certain regions to access low tier or second tier cities. So we’re going full board in China and we expect the growth rate in fact to gradually and steadily improve over the next several quarters. So we’re pretty confident about our China outlook as well as overall emerging markets outlook. Now to do with India and a little bit to do with Latin America, I think there were two distinct issues there. Latin America was clearly one in which we’re transitioning from indirect to direct sales in certain countries and that happened in the middle of the quarter and as that resolves itself, which it will, I bet this quarter or next, we should be on track and not really be seriously impacted. In India, the bigger issue other than the distributor transition which we also went through for other reasons, is that the government has imposed a very low ceiling on pricing for some of the stents. Now we’re working with the government and we’re working with our customers there to come up with a clear strategy through which we can address that market, but in the first and then the last couple of quarters I’d say, it was a dramatic change to the system and essentially it forced sales from not only us but all multinationals. We think we’re turning that around and going forward we expect that situation to ease a little bit. On India as well, it’s important to point out that although Coronary being the biggest business suffered a pretty big headwind because of this, the rest of the businesses, all of them, from CRDM to Spinal to Surgical Technologies, all of them actually have been growing strong double digit and area continuing to take a bigger and bigger share of our India business. And over time, that will start to mitigate any volatility that we’d see in the stent market. So again our overall emerging market strategy is not changing. We’re expecting to grow fairly steadily in the high teens, mid to high teens and eventually to 20% and beyond. And we expect to report regular progress as we go forward.
Omar Ishrak: First, the separation of the Diabetes, that is driven purely and completely by the consideration of how our customers are situated. And like I said, we’re focused on three customers which Cardiovascular, Restorative Therapies broadly encompasses neurology and orthopedics and associated technologies and Diabetes which is a different customer. That’s the reason why we broke it out into three so that it will give us more focus and clear view distinct areas so that we can drive both inorganic and organic growth in each of the areas in the way that I described. So anything in diabetes is going to fill out the platform and approach more and more patients because we consider that to be a key area of growth for us. So I want to make that very clear, that the purpose of this was just looking at our customer base in a logical and rational way and grouping them around certain types of customers who will look at common components of our technology. And therefore through that we can take advantage of our size and scale in addition to being really focused around those customers. In terms of the approval, we’ve been saying the fiscal year, I think since last quarter, I think prior to that, we were expecting it earlier. We might have said so, but ever since last – at the end of Q4 we’ve been saying this fiscal year. That has not changed. We think that we in fact can get this on the market before the end of the year. Again, this is not completely in our hands so I cannot say definitively because there is lot of variables here. But we are working closely with the FDA and we are making progress and we are pretty confident that we can get this released within the fiscal year. When we do, we expect immediate traction both from an acceptance of the new product which has had considerable outside the U.S. where it's available, and also from the recognition of all the deferred revenue that we have had for the past -- over two quarters now. So that’s the overall outlook, Kristen.
Omar Ishrak: No, I think we are not considering that yet. You know we feel that at this stage the 530G is well on its way to approval and we think it's an unlikely scenario that we would have to skip it completely. I think the patient benefits of that have been proven to be quite dramatic, both in commercial use in Europe and as well as some recent papers that have been published in the New England Journal, I think it was last quarter. And so we are pretty committed and the FDA is working together with us to get this to market. So I think skipping it is a very unlikely scenario at this point.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, just to give you a perspective on what that is. That is essentially working with major customers, primarily hospital systems in Europe, and contractually managing cath labs for them. And I think that gives us the ability to work with the customer very directly to improve their overall efficiency. We have been making some announcements along these lines fairly soon here. So we will wait to give you more details on that event when we are ready. But again in a nutshell, what this does is that it allows us to work with customers on a much broader basis than before and in fact be their partners in improving the overall efficiency of delivery. And so some degree it certainly helps us get some independent revenue streams as well as build closer relationship with clinical customers or the physicians in those accounts as well. As I have said in the prepared remarks, this includes everything from the efficiency of their cath lab to how [products] are sourced to managing the way in which products are ordered and stocked. And we are building up our technology base to be able to support the various capabilities. There will be some added benefit of our products but the primary perspective here is to provide an overall solution to those customers.
Omar Ishrak: We tried to lay out the three areas where we had pressures in a very distinct fashion. Certainly Diabetes is pretty straightforward. There’s a pretty big chunk, all of which is probably more than offsetting CoreValve issue that we may be facing in the next three quarters just and we expect even more out of that. So agreed, we need the approval, and if we don’t get approval there’ll be pressure there. But we’re pretty confident that we will. And that’s a very distinct thing that we will all look at very clearly. I think in terms of neuro, we’re already seeing traction. Again as we said, level by itself, at the same level or close to any pressures that we may face in Germany. So that alone again can -- is likely to give us some tailwind if you like in the remaining three quarters, and we are already seeing that. So this is not something that we are waiting for because we have already shifted to the new product in manufacturing and we are launching it as we speak. And although, again, as we said, that it's very early in the quarter but all the evidence points to the fact that we will get what we are expecting out of that. And then finally, we come to CRDM and we explained what happened here. You know the bulk purchases were at their lowest levels and the inventory levels are down. Again, nothing for certain here, but if you just look at this thing in a fairly objective basis over time, we expect those levels to recover and we expect the pricing premiums because we have already experienced that in places where customers have been through the technology review committees and so on. And as we go through next quarter we expect that to come through. So we have go three areas which are very clear in their pickup in the remaining half of the year. Granted there will be some pressure out of CoreValve but we feel that these three alone are sufficient to more than offset that pressure. And in addition to that I highlighted series of other initiatives that will come to fruition with a year for which we expect revenue. So again, we laid all of that out and we in our analysis feel that the guidance that we provided is quite achievable.
Omar Ishrak: Well, over time we think it will be meaningful but it is going to take some time. And let me highlight the Cardiocom acquisition. That’s a pretty good example of the sorts of things which you are going to expect from us. Here is a company which is a leader in terms of disease management. It has complementary services to what we already have. It addresses a broader range of patients than the ones we do. And you put the two together, both synergy as well as incremental revenue from an independent source. So that’s the kind of activity that we would like to do, which leverages what we have but is not solely dependent on what we have but in fact grows it independently. And in the beginning we expect just one plus one if you like. In the long-term we expect one plus one and more through the synergies that we expect to derive. And we expect to move in that direction in those two areas in disease management which essentially means looking across the continuum of care and primarily at this stage looking at patient management beyond the therapy of people who have the same kind of disease but without our devices. And have a structure through which we can manage those patients. And hospital systems and payers around the world recognize that managing these patients is critical to us being able to manage the overall cost of care, both in the U.S. and around the world. Hospital efficiency is a different area where we’re looking primarily at making sure that hospitals are working in the most efficient manner as possible. And our initial focus is in the area of cardiology because that’s where we have our biggest strength. And we’ve had some initial success in Europe in not only getting those contracts, but starting to execute them. So we expect that too to become a larger and larger portion of our business. The independent revenue streams will be small to start with. Over time it will grow. I think the impact that it will have to synergy on the sales of our regular devices perhaps will be more and more meaningful. But we’d like to see what we get out of this as we go forward. But that’s potentially the strategy. We’re not taking in big numbers for this stage. That is an area we’re focused in and long term we think in both of these areas there’s big opportunities for us to tap into in terms of available patients who need the care and both from the government and payers for us to be able to provide such solutions. Finally, maybe a lot is going to depend on how quickly the U.S in particular moves from a pay per procedure system to a pay per value system. The quicker that shift occurs, the greater will be the meaningfulness (inaudible) of this revenue. If that happens quickly, you’ll see much quicker growth in that area from us. If that happens slowly, it will take a little more time. so there are too many factors for me to say definitively, but those are some of the considerations. All right, let me conclude right now. Thanks again to all of you for your questions and on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q2 call which we anticipate holding on November 19. Thank you all very much.
Gary Ellis: Yeah, Matt, overall as you indicated, we saw a little bit of a -- obviously in ICDs, we saw tempering of the kind of decline, down a couple of percent. Pacing was also kind of down at low single-digits and so we saw good improvement there. Stents, I think it has been, it varies kind of around (inaudible) -- they have been probably closer more in the high-single digits as far as some of the declines there depending on what geography you are in. So if we continue to see pricing declines on the drug-eluting stent side that are pretty consistent with what we have seen over the last several quarters. But clearly with the new product launches we had both in pacing and on the high power, we are seeing a little bit of tempering on the pricing pressure.
Gary Ellis: Yeah, Matt, as we look through, we clearly saw a dip at the end of the quarter. We know inventory levels dropped based on what we saw as far as implant usage and everything else. And so, we don’t believe that there was a big impact from Q4. Obviously, our Q4 was a very strong quarter as you all know, but that -- we don’t think that that had an impact on the quarter. We do believe, we know as we indicated in the comments, that a lot of these new products were not on contract yet, and we weren’t willing to put discounts on the previously contracted pricing. And so as a result of that, we just didn’t see the level of bulk purchases during the quarter that we would normally see. And we know inventory levels are down as a result of that, so that bodes well for the future. We think it bodes well not only for pricing but obviously also we would expect the bulk purchases to come back to more normal levels as we go through the rest of the year.
Gary Ellis: Well, again, I will try to -- we don’t know obviously, David, exactly how much benefit we received in the quarter from the advance purchases. We know that customers were buying in advance of the anticipated injunction. And so, as a result of that, that clearly had a benefit in the quarter. We know that our results were higher than what was going on in the market during that period of time. The numbers are anywhere from (inaudible) is a little high, but overall we’re probably somewhere in that ballpark. The reality is we did have extra revenue during the quarter. As we go into Q2 and Q3 it will obviously depend on as the (inaudible) even in the quarter, we continue to be selling until the injunction is in effect and we’ll continue. So, there will be some impact obviously in the quarter. Whenever the injunction – when that occurs, if that occurs, then obviously it will have an impact going forward and it will be spread out over that period of time until that exit that – we get that resolved. But at this point in time, obviously it was an advantage in Q1 we’re aware of. So, inventory levels obviously are higher on that product currently. Inventory levels on CRDM obviously are lower in the U.S., but clearly on CoreValve they are higher as physicians bought in anticipation of a potential injunction.
Gary Ellis: Bob, this is Gary. It's hard to be real specific but the reality is, when you look at below the normal levels, that’s probably even a little bit light, it's probably a little bit more than that in fact, than those impacted. So it's obviously hard to say because there is a range that we have but if we look at kind of a normal level, that’s even probably light.
Gary Ellis: I really don’t have much to add to what Mike just indicated. As he indicated, the biggest issue was getting people on contracts. And that’s the change that’s probably occurred over in the industry over the last several years where what used to be maybe just a little price increase (inaudible) and immediately the doctors to make that call and that decision. Obviously with the buying decisions now in hospitals, these committees are more engaged in that process and ensuring that the products have the technology. So as he indicated, that slows down the process slightly. It doesn’t mean you don’t get the price increases. It just means that you have to go through certain processes.
Mike Coyle: Well, they certainly accepted the submission. How they are going to treat the approvals they have not decided yet. But as we have said all along, as the data becomes available we would submit it in its modules and we have now completed the extreme risk submissions.
Mike Coyle: Yeah, Kristen, just to add to Omar's comment, the FDA's issues are not around the 530G itself, I think they are also very supportive that it's a good product, obviously it's more around our quality systems which is what we are having to do the work on. So I agree with Omar, I mean we have no plans on not launching the 530G. The only question is when and that’s what we are working with the FDA.
Mike Coyle: So just on the question of price increases, some of the features that we’ve added for example is adapted CRT into the Viva product line for all of our high power CRT devices. That actually can eliminate less ventricular pacing in the patient and has been clinically demonstrated to improve CRT response and reduce heart failure hospitalization. And I think you’re probably aware that that 30-day hospital admission window is a very key area focus for hospitals in the U.S and even longer term the ability to keep patients from coming back into the hospital for heart failure re hospitalizations is a big issue. The fact that we can able to demonstrate this, meaning that we would like to accrue the benefits of that enterprise increase. Now, most hospital systems have put in place technology review committees to rigorously look at these questions because they’re obviously not interested in paying price premium unless it’s for proven benefits. And so that takes some time and that’s exactly what we’ve seen happen. So for hospitals that have chosen in the past to do bulk purchases of product, they basically are waiting to go through their cycle, don’t want to bulk old product because they know they would rather replace it with a new product, but have to get through their pricing committees in order to get approval. So that’s been one of the main issues in the quarter and the same thing applies to our Evera product line with its shock reduction production technology. So that really is the dynamic that was playing out in the quarter.
