Geoff Martha: Sure. Well, let me -- thanks for the question, Vijay. Maybe, I’ll take the second part of that question, and then Karen can take the first part of the details behind the 4% to 5% for FY '23. But on the second part in terms of the confidence of getting to that constant mid-single digit currency top-line and high-single digit EPS growth or double-digit total return to shareholders. I do think we're putting the right things in place.  So first of all, just over the next -- Karen can detail this, but over the next year, you'll see the acute back order issues that we faced in Q4. Those abate over the next quarter or so, and we can get into the details of that. In addition, we're definitely anniversarying a lot of things that hurt us in FY '22, like exiting the LVAD business, the Navion recall, some tough comps on our ventilator business during the height of the pandemic. So these things abate over -- these things go away over the course of the fiscal year and you're starting now, actually.  And then finally, we've got a lot of growth catalysts. We've talked a lot about the pipeline and I can go through that. There's a long list. I went through a lot of it in the commentary, but it's much broader than like the Hugo or our soft tissue robot, and already there's some big ones, but there's a whole lot of other ones as well.  And then -- so that -- those things kick in, in the second half of this year and then get even bigger in FY '24. And then finally, we've got some portfolio moves that over the next year or so, I think we'll -- that will add to this. So that's how we get from where we are to back to that, the numbers that you quoted. And then the second part of your question gets to kind of the confidence and the consistency. And I'd say there are two things. One is having this robust pipeline spread across all of our businesses. And we've been working hard over the last couple of years to double down on our innovation, putting more into R&D, the new operating model that we have the 20 operating units, we have a clear visibility into their end markets, their competition.  People are getting evaluated on their pipeline, and we're putting more into R&D and as well as some meaningful tuck-in acquisitions, like we just mentioned Intersect ENT closing and in the cardiac ablation solutions space or the AFib space, the AFFERA acquisition. These are meaningful ads.  So that gives us diversity and more growth on the top-line. But the piece that we really have been focusing on over the last year and is important for our future in terms of consistency is the global operations and supply chain changes that we made. These are -- coming into this role, myself and the team identified this as an opportunity for us. Brought in Greg Smith, as we mentioned in the commentary over a year ago and really already centralized our supply chain. Our global ops and supply chain was really set up for a different era -- a pass there. And we had to make those changes.  And unfortunately, they haven't fully taken hold yet, any more time to mature. I would have liked to have this -- those moves done earlier. It definitely would have helped in Q4 because the supply chain issues came out fast and hard and especially in the back half of the quarter more supplier decommits than we've ever seen. But the good news is that we're not just getting started on this transformation of supply chain. I'd hate to be starting it now in the middle of this environment. We're well down the path and to building in that resiliency. We've made these moves and we're confident that these changes will give us that resiliency that we need and that dependability.  So the combination of the innovation, plus some portfolio moves and just a more resilient global option supply chain. That's how we're confident that we get to the long range forecast that we talked about of consistent mid-single digits, that 5% plus, including the plus and the high-single digit EPS when you add in the dividend gets you a double-digit return. But in terms of -- I hope I answered that question. Karen can add to it. But in terms of the FY '23 guide and the details below that, I'll turn that over to Karen.
Geoff Martha: Sure. I'll take the second one first. The supply chain issues, yeah, they did -- look, they did -- no one's more disappointed about our Q4 miss than I am. And we got -- we believe we understand the root cause of that miss. And it really started hitting us in the second half of Q4. And I'd say that 75% of the miss is due to -- of the $340 million, $350 million miss is due to supply chain. 15 -- and I'll get into that in a second, maybe about 15% is due to the China lockdown and then maybe another 10% is FX getting worse, and Karen can talk about that.  But in the miss, the supply chain miss, it hit us across a number of businesses, but it was definitely the most pronounced in our Surgical Innovations business. And it was three things. It was semiconductors, which is affecting everybody that affected a number of businesses, but particularly in our SI business. It also was resins a particular resin that we use in our energy business and SI has been a major source of problem for us. And then packaging, our trade packaging there was a catastrophic explosion in our supply chain.  And so those last two ones, the packaging and the resins were the biggest issues, the biggest supplier decommits. And I'd say the biggest surprise, and most of that was in SI. We see this getting better over the next -- the SI one is -- overall for the company, we see the supply chain issues getting abating over the next quarter or two. The SI issues probably it will take more than a quarter or so, put it on the first half of the year to get through those issues. We factored all that into our guidance. I mentioned China. We have -- remember, we have April. This really hit us in April. We have April in our Q4, and that represented roughly about $60 million of the shortfall combination of the COVID lockdown. And Karen mentioned some of the volume-based procurement.  So other than China, our emerging markets, as Karen mentioned in the commentary, grew 20%. China was actually down 10% or more and the rest of emerging markets grew 20%. And so these -- like I said, these acute issues, I mentioned in the commentary and one of my answers were well down the path of remaking our global ops and supply chain to provide that resiliency that we just haven't had. And we started that over a year ago, centralizing the function and bringing in some -- building a very strong leadership team under Greg, bringing in new people from different industries, investing in all kinds of whether it be tools and technology and operating mechanisms for this.  And I know I'm confident we're going down the right path there. And I'm glad that we started when we did. I wish we would have started even earlier. So the long-term building those fundamentals will take some time. But the acute issues that hit our numbers will go away or get better over the next quarter or two.  I'll turn it over to Karen to answer the first part of the question.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Nice to hear from you, Larry. Thanks for the question. On the Renal Care Solutions joint venture with DaVita, this is what I'd characterize as a smaller initial step in terms of our portfolio management work. That work continues, and we do anticipate that there could be more portfolio moves over the course of FY '22. I'm not going to comment on the size of those. But I'd characterize this is a smaller initial step. It's been under consideration for a while.  And like I said in the commentary, I am excited about this. This technology that we've been working on for years, I think DaVita, this joint venture will bring more focus to that finishing up the development. And then I think, obviously, DaVita as a leader in kidney care and will be a great partner as we commercialize and scale this innovative technology. They bring a lot to the table there. And I think we bring a lot to the table on the technology side and looking forward to it.  But as we move forward, I don't know that I'm not -- the other portfolio moves would be JVs or anything like that. For this one, this one just made the most sense. And we think there's a lot of upside in this technology and the way we structured this deal. Both DaVita and Medtronic will share in that upside. So looking forward to that. In terms of the goals of the portfolio work, they remain unchanged. Our North Star is durable growth, durable growth without taking a step back on margins and free cash flow. We just want a higher level of growth. And so we want to remake the portfolio for a higher [Indiscernible] and more consistency and growth. So that's the goal. And I think the other -- the secondary goal would be just to simplify the company a bit. So that's -- those are the goals. That's where we're headed and more to come.
Geoff Martha: Okay, all right. We've got some good music there for a second. But I'll start, maybe there was a couple of -- there's on a list there, so maybe Karen can help me out. But I'll start on the Hugo one. We haven't quoted Hugo numbers for FY '23, but I'll just say we expect a strong ramp. We got the order book is really strong. You heard Bob just give an update about all the countries we've got approvals in and the different type of procedures that we're now doing, various type of procedures, including general surgery procedures. So we're moving up the food chain there.  So we really gained a lot of confidence that we have something in Hugo, and we see a nice ramp in FY '23. But we haven't quoted exact numbers.  In terms of the capital environment, capital for us in Q4 was a bright spot. And a lot of our capital that we sell are tied, directly tied to specific revenue-producing procedures, profitable procedures. I think that helps. And we had record numbers in the neuroscience space in our Spine business. We had a record number of sales of our StealthStation navigation, O-arm and Mazor. That capital equipment is at record highs for us. And we're really excited as we place those or we sell those -- that capital equipment, that's just further building out our ecosystem, which is our differentiating strength in the Spine business and portrays optimism for the future of that business. I'll turn it over to Karen for the other parts of the question.
Geoff Martha: Well, I'll answer it. Thanks for the question, Pito. I'll answer the second part of it, the strategic value. I mean look, I think we both -- the transaction revolves around a big piece of the value creation will be us bringing some innovative home dialysis technologies to the market that the inherent in that technology is some something that we picked up from other businesses in Medtronic and the IP around it and the know-how. And we're building that into this home dialysis technologies. There will be a couple of different products. It drives up access, it lowers costs and there's a better patient experience. And we bring that to the table.  But just even just in the United States context, the dialysis market is pretty unique. And the go-to-market channel is not something that we have any kind of synergies with. And so DaVita brings one, that channel that access to these customers, and they have a lot of -- obviously, they're a leader in kidney care, so they bring a lot of clinical expertise as well.  So I think it really is regarding the home dialysis technology. It is 1 plus 1 definitely equals more than 2 here. And we're excited about it. We think it's going to have a big impact. And the way like I said before, the way we structured it we get to share in the upside with DaVita.  In terms of the other question the organic -- 
Geoff Martha: Sure, thanks, Ryan. Okay. Well, thanks for the questions, everyone. And as usual, we appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And look, I realize there's a lot to sort through here, including the macro issues of supply chain and China that surprises this quarter. But as we’ve talked about, we’ve conservatively factored these into our guidance going forward.  But I think more importantly, I hope you see that there is a clear direction a clear direction travel for the company where we’re headed. It gets back to the some of the questions earlier like Vijay posed, in terms of us getting to that mid-single digit, 5% plus and the double-digit shareholder returns on a consistent basis. The things that we're doing, the new operating model that's driving the more innovation-driven growth the capital allocation and portfolio management to reposition our portfolio for higher growth.  And finally, the global operations and supply chain changes that we’ve working on to provide that resiliency and provide that consistency that we need -- these are the right things to do. I'm confident -- I mean the macro environment has made it choppier to execute on these things, but we're heading in the right direction. We're making the right moves. And just again, this will benefit the company and get us where we need to go.  So we're looking forward to update you on the progress in our Q1 earnings program, which we anticipate owning on August 23. And so with that, thanks again for tuning in today. And please stay healthy and safe. And have a great rest of your day.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks, Vijay, for the question, and I'd love to take this in pieces because I want to walk you through Q1 and then also talk about the full year because we expect improvement each quarter as we move through the year.  So just starting with Q1, given our recent challenges, we've elected to take a conservative approach with our Q1 guide. We're assuming underlying fundamentals are pretty similar to last quarter to Q4, and we've built in some conservatism in the supply chain.  If you look at the year-over-year view, it's influenced by COVID. And so to remove that noise, I think it's really good to look at it on a COVID comp-adjusted basis. And when you do that, our guide really just implies a slight deceleration from Q4 to Q1. That's not out of line with what we've seen historically. And again, I would just emphasize that we've included conservatism due to the supply chain. Some puts and takes that we've got in Q1, in addition to the supply chain impact that we factored in, we've also assumed some incremental pressure in spine in China ahead of a potential national volume-based purchasing tender. And Geoff already mentioned on the plus side, we anniversary some of our headwinds like the Navion recall and the LVAD shutdown. If I move beyond Q1 and then into the full year guide of the 4.5%, I mentioned we do expect improvement as we progress through the quarters with our back half much better than our first half. But I'd also talk about the puts and takes that we've got on the full year. We talked about the fact that we continue to actively work with the FDA on the diabetes warning letter. But for conservatism, we've elected not to assume the approval of the 780G in this guidance. And also, it's manageable, but we've got volume-based pricing in China that we believe will have a bigger impact in this fiscal year, primarily in Spine. And at the same time, Geoff talked about it, and we have a number of positives as we think about FY '23. First, we've got headwinds that are going to go away, the LVAD business, the Navion recall, the reduced ventilator sales that Geoff mentioned. And then we also had some volume-based pricing on drug-eluting stents in China that will anniversary. And combined, all of those headwinds had a 200 basis point impact in FY '22.  Second, we expect these supply chain challenges to improve as starting in Q2 and obviously continuing to improve from there.  And then thirdly, our year-over-year comps get easier, particularly in the back half. And then lastly, we've got a number of really important product launches throughout the year. And just to name a few of them, we've got Evolut FX, we've got ECAPs, we've got diabetic painful neuropathy. And again, I'm just naming a few. So I hope that's helpful and shows what our guidance implies as we move throughout the year.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Travis, thank you. So just in terms of the month of May, it's still early. And we're obviously focused on managing through some supply issues that we've got in some of our businesses. So the numbers are a little cloudy, but when we look at our operating units that are not impacted by supply issues, just through the first three weeks of May, we're trending largely in-line with where we were first quarter last year. And I would note that elective procedures for the most part were back to pre-COVID levels for us last quarter.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Geoff. The other two, you had a question on portfolio management, which I know Geoff shared when he answered Larry's question. So I'll cover China VBP. With VBP, we've been dealing with a variety of regional and national tenders already. And just from a national expectation we expect the government to continue to focus on the top 10 medical device products by public insurance spending.  So we've been through stents already, and some of our other industry players have gone through large joints. And we see two more potential tenders on that list where we've got exposure, spine and surgical stapling. And I talked about the fact that we expect spine to impact us this fiscal year and to likely happen in the second quarter. But ahead of ahead of tenders, distributors do pull back on their purchases. So we built that into our first quarter guide as well. Just to remind you, though, our gross exposure for both spine and stapling in China somewhere between 1% to 1.5% of our total company revenue. So it is small. And based on what we experienced with the coronary tender, we do believe there could be offsets to the ultimate net impact number because we have pull-through of other product lines, and we'll be working on those.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah. Thanks, Joanne, for the question. I'm going to not give specific guidance for the other quarters. But I will let you know that we've got these things that anniversary through the quarter. So ventilator sales was up and down in the quarter. And I know Ryan can take you in the after call about those changes that that happen in ventilator sales.  And then obviously, we expect our biggest supply challenges this quarter and starting to improve in second quarter. So think about a ramp of revenue growth just getting better and better every quarter. And by the time you get to the back half, our year-over-year comps obviously get easier. And particularly in the fourth quarter, particularly in MedSurg, given the fourth quarter that we had. So think of strongest growth, obviously, in the fourth quarter as you ramp.  And that is in line with how we think about our product launches too going through the year. We've got some product launches that are helping us earlier in the year, and then more that will ramp as we go through the year.  So I know that Ryan can easily take you through some more of the detail, too.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah, thanks, Pito, for that question. So contrast dye we believe it's a transient issue. It's mostly contained to the U.S. It is something that we're closely watching because it can impact our cardiovascular and neurosciences portfolios. But we do expect it to resolve within the quarter just based on what we're hearing.  Many health systems in the United States have already instituted conservation measures. And we're working with them to see how we can help support them through thoughtful allocation. But at this stage, we've built our view of it into the guidance for the first quarter, and we do believe it's a transient issue getting better after the first quarter.
Karen Parkhill: It's about the growth in renal care, Pito, and it was low-single digits for us last fiscal year. It is a lower growth, lower margin business for us.
