Omar S. Ishrak: Thanks, Gary. And before opening the lines for Q&A, let me just conclude by reiterating that although we were encouraged by our Q1 results, we recognize that we need to deliver this kind of performance consistently over the long term. While we're keeping a close eye on certain markets, on an overall basis, our end markets continue to stabilize. That trend, along with the breadth and scale of our business, our leading product portfolio, our recently launched products and our economic, value-oriented, go-to-market strategies, are beginning to make a difference. We're also preparing ourselves for changes in the global healthcare environment by implementing our strategies of economic value and globalization. We believe that all of this, combined with our strong capital allocation policies, positions us to create long-term value in healthcare. With that, we would now like to open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gary, I've asked Mike Coyle, President of our Cardiac and Vascular Group, and Chris O'Connell, President of our Restorative Therapies Group, to join us for the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question, please.
Omar S. Ishrak: I would actually say that it's more execution rather than anything else. As we've put our growth strategy in place, it's going to take a while, and there's going to be some level of variability quarter-over-quarter this period as we put our long-term strategies in place. I don't think it's the market itself because the healthcare demand is actually strong. Countries -- China is still investing heavily in healthcare. They're not -- despite the overall economy, there is some pressure where the government is very insistent on investing in healthcare. In places like Latin America and in India, there's demand from the population. So we don't see that as the market itself. We just need to make sure that our strategies all get into place. And over time, we will try to drive a little more consistency here, but that's what we're facing right now.
Omar S. Ishrak: Sure. Let me make a few comments upfront, and then I'll ask both Mike and Chris to make some comments as well. First, the Pacing market, we see about 3 or 4 reasons here in general. The -- and our results were a bit weaker than expected. It was mostly price. And remember, we anniversaried our Revo MRI launch, so that's had some impact. But also, the destocking and the reduction in bulk purchases in Pacing was a factor. But in the end -- also, the procedure volume was lower. And we don't -- haven't quite gotten to the bottom of exactly why. And I'm sure Mike will have some thoughts on that, so I'll let him comment on that in a minute. In terms of Diabetes, the results were primarily related to a replacement cycle issue. And we were building excitement for the new products and it might remain a challenge until we get our FDA approval in FY '13. But it's primarily a replacement cycle issue in the U.S. That's what we're seeing. So, Mike, you want to go first, if you would, about the pacing market question.
Omar S. Ishrak: Sure, yes. I mean, first, let me make a comment and say that we continue to be pleased by the results. And every time I go out in the field and talk to customers, there is strong acceptance of this product. And I can see personally, when I go to the field with our own CRDM reps, that -- how engaged they are in using their relationship to open the doors for overall CVG strategy to work. But let me ask Mike to give some more specifics.
Omar S. Ishrak: The overall market is down in the U.S., and -- but we do see the implant volumes growing. But at the same time, as I pointed out earlier, the hospital destocking is a real factor. I think hospitals are working to reduce their inventories and reduce their level of bulk purchases, like we said. And for us, actually, in many ways, we can use that to our advantage, in the sense that the level of discount that we have to give out for that instead we can transfer that to multiline deals, which are probably better for us. But we do see an overall reduction in the market by both of those drivers, although implant volumes appear to be relatively stable. But I'm sure Mike can add a lot more color to this. Go ahead.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think it's both. The market is stabilizing to some degree. But I do think that -- we've been working and getting our new product launches tighter. And the procedures we're creating, surgeons -- there's a lot of acceptance on our new procedures. And I don't want to minimize our synergy with capital equipment purchases. When you put all that together, I think we are -- our performance is definitely improving, and it's not unreasonable to expect us to gain a little bit of share in Core Spine as we go ahead. I think that's something that's in our expectation, and we can prove that. It's very early. It's only one quarter that we've had this kind of performance. But we're encouraged to see the thing turn around. I think -- Chris, I'm sure you have some comments on this, so go ahead.
Omar S. Ishrak: No. We're really blinded to that. That's completely outside. It's a third-party thing, and Yale is managing that. And we're waiting for the results, just like everybody else.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think within the next few months. Certainly before the end of the year, we are expecting to see that.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think our range of 5% to 7% still holds, and we are confident that we can deliver on that just -- and sort of take into any variables that come our way. I think beyond that, Gary, maybe you have some thoughts.
Omar S. Ishrak: No. We're well in the process of doing that. I mean, this is like a continuous effort and we've been through a few rounds of that, and we've analyzed our businesses. At this stage, we're okay with the portfolio. I think there are some sub-segments which we're looking at, some smaller businesses, and we will optimize our portfolio accordingly. But we've been through one round of analyzing our businesses, and these things aren't that black and white. There are some areas that we are looking at, and in some areas we have to shore up with, perhaps, acquisitions all around the guidelines that I've said before. And in some areas, we don't have enough critical mass, and we're seeing what the best way there is to achieve that. So we will look at this thing on an ongoing basis, and the actions are also dependent on exactly what we find and then the actions result in other actions. So it really isn't black and white, so I wouldn't wait for some kind of milestone event, where suddenly we decide that we've got a dramatically different portfolio. We'll adjust this as we go along.
Omar S. Ishrak: I think that's probably the best way to put it, Bruce. It's -- we're assuming kind of where it is right now. And there is some range in our guidance, so it could -- and then also depends on other things that happen. That's not the only factor. But it does probably -- we can absorb a little bit of negativity, but also there may be positive results as well. So we really don't know, and so we left it the way -- the way it's stabilized as of today.
Omar S. Ishrak: Let me just -- first of all, the INFUSE, there may well be risk. We just said that we modeled it flat. But in that sense, we model a lot of things a certain way. And there's definitely risk -- potential risk in INFUSE, and that's one of the factors in our range. Other areas like Europe, I mean, you just -- you can pick up the newspaper and look at what's going on in Europe. And again, our view has been and it's been confirmed that the healthcare budgets are being protected, and our teams are saying that. And they're executing and we're seeing the numbers. But you've got to be a little cautious about what's happening there, and we will watch them very carefully. I think outside of that, I am a little concerned about emerging markets as well, like I mentioned earlier. I think it will get there to 20%. I think our modeling -- actually, the financial modeling doesn't quite have it at 20%, so I'm not sure there'll be downside there. I think, Gary, you can add a little bit more color.
Omar S. Ishrak: And I'd like to also repeat the fact that consistency in delivery is very important for us. And as I said before, the guidance is irrespective of market conditions. I can't be absolutely 100% on that, but we will do our very best to absorb hits to the market or any uncertainties that are outside of our control. That's why the guidance is where it is. And as we see the our overall growth rate from our businesses grow, we'll be more comfortable. But one quarter is not enough, not even close for us to draw a conclusion like that, and we need several more quarters of dependable, consistent performance before we can claim any sort of success.
Omar S. Ishrak: I mean, the second one, first, I'm trying to tell you that ROIC is a big focus for us. And I just want to emphasize that, and that we'll be very disciplined with our acquisitions. And the criteria that we've made out is very clear. We want to cover dilution. I mean, there are always exceptions, but the hurdle will be very high. And we want to cover first within the business, the business here at making acquisition, and the EPS -- potential EPS dilution, then within the corporation. And as a last resort, we may decide to pass it on to the shareholders. We'll have to justify, and that hurdle is very, very high. And if you do that, then that drives better ROICs, and we're looking at ROIC as a very active measure. And to make it even stronger, we're making sure that our management team and beyond are being compensated as a result of that. So that's what I'm trying to say, that ROIC is extremely important.
Omar S. Ishrak: Yes. And then the hospitals actually -- as I visit hospitals, look, the cost sensitivity in hospitals is very, very high, and they're looking over their books with a great deal of detail. And I find some hospitals and hospitals systems are finding this to be an area where they're optimizing their inventory balance, which any good business ought to do. And I've got no idea how much more optimization there is to go, but like Mike mentioned, we've got pretty good strategy that deals with it. So I think that's where we stand on that one.
Omar S. Ishrak: Okay. Well, thank you very much for all your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you all again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q2 call in November. So thanks again.
Michael J. Coyle: As Omar mentioned, it is the 3 items that he outlined. And on the procedure volume side, I would say that, really, we saw the procedure volumes starting to drop in the first half of FY '12 and they actually began to stabilize on sort of market implant rates here in the U.S. in Q3 of last year. So we're now heading into the third quarter where they've been relatively stable, in fact, up slightly. So we think the prior-year comparisons are showing significant declines. But as we get later into the year, we think that those will normalize. As for what's behind it, we've been trying to dig into that and really have not come up with good answers. So it looks like the general economy may have something to do with that. But generally speaking, we don't have a good answer for it other than to say it appears to now have stabilized, and we should start to see that by our Q3.
Michael J. Coyle: Sure. I think at the analyst meeting, we talked about targeting a 25-plus percent market share. We would estimate out of the data that we saw here for Q1, we're probably sitting around a 27% market share. I think we've gotten through the primary accounts that -- where we had strong positions with the Integrity bare-metal stent prior to the release of the Resolute Integrity. And now we're really going to be relying on the broader CVG strategy, the leverage that we have with our commitment to next-generation technologies in interventional cardiology like renal denervation, like transcatheter valves, as well as the broad strategic account management programs that I outlined at the analyst meeting that are really -- help you drive economic value in these accounts. So we think there is still upside to share available to us, although it certainly won't come in the chunks that we saw the last 2 quarters. But we do believe that there is still meaningful share upside for us on the Coronary side.
Michael J. Coyle: So on the renal denervation side, renal denervation continues to be the fastest-growing product line that we have within CVG. So it is a very nice growth driver for us. But this is very much a market development exercise. There are significant issues for us to focus on in terms of market development, including working in referral base, these are physicians who basically have patients who have not been generally referred for device interventions so we have to very much focus on developing those referral channels, and also reimbursement. As you know, in Europe, they're not looking for new things to pay for in healthcare budgets, so we have to use the very compelling data that we're generating to get reimbursement. We continue to see progress on both of those fronts. In fact, in Europe, this past quarter, we have really begun to focus our focus on renal denervation reps on market development and are starting to use our Coronary reps to help with the actual procedure support, which I think is going to really help us continue to develop those referral chains. And then on the reimbursement side, the data continues to be extremely strong on the sustainability of the benefit for hypertension reduction renal denervation, and we continue to work to expand the reimbursement levels throughout Europe. On the transcatheter valve side, the market growth rates that we talked about for Europe on the TAVI side were in that 15% to 18% kind of range, and we continue to expect that as the growth rates that we will see in that area. We continue to split the market with our primary competitor in that space, and we continue to have very robust new product flow with the Evolut product introduction here just in the past quarter. So we expect to continue to see strong growth in that segment of our business.
Michael J. Coyle: So for the U.S. market, we are seeing modest low-single digit improvement in the implant growth rates for the market, as obviously, we've now anniversaried the issues with the original DoJ investigation, and now we're starting to see a return to growth. Pricing continues to be obviously a drag on the market but still low-single digit sort of pricing pressure. So as you can see, we're encouraged, going forward, that we're going to continue to see implant growth rates. And obviously, we think we have upside not only from that perspective but also in overall market share, as we are now going to be heading into a new product release cycle with the Viva/Brava products we just announced, the CE Mark in Europe for those 2 products. We will have the EVERA product line coming in, in the fourth quarter, and then those product lines will come to the U.S. next year, including the Advisa MRI pacemaker next year. So we see some nice catalysts for continued market share capture with that product flow coming.
Michael J. Coyle: So, Bruce, I think I'd take issue with your underlying assumptions there. I think as we look at the high-quality clinical evidence that's being generated here, especially, obviously, our U.S. clinical study and then the advanced registry, which really is extremely well controlled and supervised registry study, I mean, we're seeing just excellent performance from the overall product. And I think it's dangerous to look at data that may be several years old when the device was used in different ways before the ACCU TRACK technology was available, when there were different implant techniques in terms of depth of placement of the valve. The current data, and I think especially the current reports that you're seeing, show really excellent performance on overall perivalvular leak, as well as pacemaker implants now in sustained use down in the low teens with -- even reports down around 10%, 11%. So we feel very good about the trajectory of the program, and we think that the clinical evidence that's being generated, it is very high quality and very much supported that this is a technology that really is a very strong performer. And if you look at overall market share positions in Europe where this is released, I mean, we are essentially neck and neck with our primary competitor in those areas, which I think is a testament to the performance of the technology. So we feel very good about it.
Michael J. Coyle: I wouldn't comment on this quarter trends. I think generally speaking, we feel like we're seeing a nice return in terms of stabilization of the market implant rates for ICDs, and we're also obviously seeing, I think, some very nice share trends for us. I think we referenced in our introductory remarks here, we're seeing a nice improvement in lead-to-can ratios in the ICD side. They are now back to pre-Fidelis levels, actually above pre-Fidelis levels in terms of those ratios. And we're seeing a nice improvement in terms of overall market share on the replacement side, which actually even highlights the lead-to-can ratio improvement, because obviously, on those implants, we're not getting the lead. So we really do feel as though the trends are really being driven by market share capture for us and stabilization of implant growth rates, and obviously, we have the headwind of the pricing pressure, which, as I mentioned, is kind of a low-single digit drag on the overall market. So generally speaking, we're going to -- we feel like those trends are likely to continue.
Michael J. Coyle: And the other thing that I would just mention is that Omar referenced the reductions in hospital inventories. I mean, those were meaningful in the quarter. We expect that our overall inventory shares of our products would probably be down over 15% in the U.S. hospitals. So to be showing absolute revenue share capture against that headwind, we think, is a significant testament to the fact that we are getting nice share capture trends. But again, we expect those trends to continue as well, the hospital inventory compression.
Michael J. Coyle: So on international ICD trends, I think the -- in Europe, we actually are seeing very similar trends in terms of procedure growth and pricing pressure. They're both very similar to what we saw in the U.S., and so I wouldn't highlight those as being meaningfully different. I would point out that our ICD shares in Europe are at the highest level in probably 3 years. And then we will continue to release data on the advance registry outcomes as that data becomes available, so you'll continue to see that come out at the major meetings over time. And then of course, the U.S. submissions are right on track with what we had discussed at the analyst meeting 3 months ago. So there's no changes to timing expectations there.
Michael J. Coyle: I would point out that we've not even entered the Japanese market yet with that product, which, as we bring that out in the second largest DES market in the world, we're going to see a year-plus worth of continued growth driven from that. And then obviously, as we continue to work that pipeline but then begin to expand our new product entries in the international cardiology space to include renal denervation, to include transcatheter valve technologies, we think we have a sustainable interventional cardiology growth profile here for years to come. So to us, it's all about a portfolio of products, some at various stages of their product life cycles, and we continue to see that. And not only have those as growth drivers but have that as a part of our overall program to have international cardiologists look to Medtronic as the partner that they want to have long term, which we think is going to help us move up from where our share positions are on DES, even from where we are.
Michael J. Coyle: As for the inventory management questions around the pacemaker and ICD market, we're very much managing that from the standpoint that we're -- as Omar mentioned, cutting back on the extent of discounting that we'll provide for bulk purchases in that area, because frankly, we find that very matchable by competitors. Whereas if we use that same level of discounting in broader multiline product deals, especially now that we have Resolute Integrity in our bag and then, obviously, leadership positions in multiple cardiology areas, we think those are much more difficult for competitors to match up to. So we are very much in the process of managing those inventory reductions. And as you can see, we're able to do that in the context of the guidance that we've provided.
Christopher J. O'Connell: Yes. Mike, certainly, the growth in the U.S. was a little more modest than we expect. And the market, as we've been commenting in recent quarters, has been a little bit softer in the recent year or so with the consumer economy. As Omar said, our replacement cycle is currently negative in the U.S. However, I will say that our new pump starts, what we call new pumps, our new patients, was positive in the quarter, which makes us feel good. In addition to that, the international business was very strong. The big event in the U.S. is obviously going to be the launch of the 530G at the end of the fiscal year. So we're all looking forward to that.
Christopher J. O'Connell: Sure, yes. Bob, that's exactly right. The market is stable, and I think what's going on is our relative performance is definitely improving. And a lot of that is just the story we've been continuing to tell about the new products. So you take the Solera, for example, we're out in force this summer with the 5.5/6.0, which is the larger rod diameters, and we've seen that business really double sequentially as we've got more sets out into the field. Lot more navigated spine surgery going on. Keep in mind, we have an installed base now of O-Arms in the U.S. of 250 and over 1,000 StealthStations, with those numbers even bigger when you look at the global picture. So clearly, some of the strategies we've been developing, both on the individual product line segments, as well as with the procedural innovation, are really moving the needle. Another example is the MAST MIDLF procedure we talked about at the analyst meeting. We now have over 300 surgeons utilizing that procedure. We've done over 1,000 procedures. So we're -- we are pleased with our trajectory at this point and obviously see that to be a continuing story.
Christopher J. O'Connell: We're expecting sometime here in the coming months, but we think again -- the timing is still all tied to Yale. But we are expecting in the next couple of months. That's the expectation from them.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. Well, all we're trying to get that -- and we're not trying -- I mean, all of you have to adjust your models based on what you think is appropriate. All we know -- we're highlighting is the fact that for the full year, and what you saw here in the first quarter, we've given guidance of earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. It was 8% in Q1. And as you said, it could have been a little better without the SG&A bad debt expense we had. But the issue you have in Q2 last year, the comparison, there was a couple of cents in there related to a gain on our investment in PEAK and Salient. And so if you just look at the consensus currently, it would indicate earnings per share growth of 10% after adjusting for that in Q2, which is obviously significantly above where we were here and where our guidance is at, and that's with assuming the R&D tax credit is not extended yet. So the idea that Q2 would have the higher earnings per share growth versus what I think right now the consensus is showing is a very low earnings per share growth in Q4, we're just saying is the models look like they could probably be shifting a little bit more from Q2 to Q4.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. I mean, as we indicated, we -- obviously, on a constant currency basis, as we indicated, we did 5% this quarter. Now as reported, obviously, it's 2%, and so the earnings per share is as-reported number. So we've got to cover all the foreign currency negativity to get to the bottom line. So we did that and made the investments we needed here in the first quarter. But as we indicated in my comments, the reality is we are expecting leverage for the full year. And the 2% to 4% guidance, if you pick 3%, that's where -- for the year what you pick for our growth rate, we are still -- our earnings per share guidance is still in that 5% to 7% range. So there is still leverage. We're expecting 30 to 50 basis points of leverage in SG&A. We're expecting the R&D expense for the year will not be quite as high as we saw here in Q1 as we kind of go forward through the rest of the year. And as we highlighted, depending on what you assume in the tax rate, there's obviously should be -- assuming the R&D tax credit gets renewed, there's even more additional leverage there. So there's a lot of different factors that we think will continue to provide additional leverage as we go through the year, even in light of some of the headwinds we're going to have to face with the medical device tax, et cetera. So our guidance assumes that we do achieve continued operating leverage in the current year, and we have every expectation to deliver on there.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. I mean, obviously, Bruce, what our guidance is assuming right now is that the INFUSE product line continues kind of at the levels that it's been in the last several quarters. We'll all have to wait and see what happens with the Yale results. And how that would potentially impact the guidance, we don't know at this point in time and then it could have been -- if it's positive, we see that could be a potential upside. If it's continued concerns, obviously, that could be potential negativity. So we've tried to bring some of that in there. But the reality is it's kind of assuming that we kind of continue along with the same kind of levels with INFUSE as what our guidance is based on right now, and we'll have to see what the results of the Yale studies indicate.
Gary L. Ellis: This is Gary. Just to add one comment to what Omar and Mike said is that we do -- we have indicated that what we did see in the historical data was that June and July of last year was kind of -- seem to be the kind of the valley as far as how -- of where the market went. And that's where we started to saw it starting to stabilize was after that period of time. So the comparisons, clearly, have gotten better as we've gotten to this point, and now we're comparing to the low point of where we were at previously.
Gary L. Ellis: Yes. I mean, I think Omar has indicated some of the -- clearly, some of the risks that we still see in the quarter and are assuming in the year. And that the reality is, Derrick, I mean, obviously, we're encouraged over the last couple of quarters. We've seen some -- a return to growth, and obviously, we've seen some real positive results coming from Resolute Integrity. And we will be anniversary-ing the PEAK and Salient acquisition here in this quarter, so that's been a little bit of an upside that we won't have as we go forward. That being said, I mean, we're giving guidance of 2% to 4%, and we're just -- our markets have been volatile over the last couple of years, and we are seeing stabilization, which is good. But we're going to be cautious until we see that those continue to be stable and continue to grow. And so as Omar indicated, let's see a few more quarters of that happening before we get too far ahead of ourselves and report our guidances. And there are still risks out there in some of these markets. We -- our teams are managing relatively well at this point through them. But at some point in time, does that have an impact on us also, whether it's Europe or some of these other areas. So that's why we kept the guidance where we're at, at this point. And we're hopeful that we're being conservative. But right now, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
