Omar Ishrak: Yes. Thanks Mike. I think the primary driver for us though is the fact that the U.S. is more sensitive to new product cadence and we are big enough in the market it reflects the market up and down a little bit ourselves. And as we launch new products in the U.S., I think we will benefit accordingly. Like I mentioned earlier, in CVG, we just launched the Evolut R XL, which will contribute to U.S. growth in the second half and also the introduction of the Evolut Pro and Resolute Onyx in the U.S. around the end of the fiscal year. You mentioned diabetes, that’s primarily a U.S. launch on the 670G, so that we think again will have a big impact in the market and the slowdown in diabetes was mostly in the U.S. again, which again impacted the overall market. In MITG, we are launching over 15 new products in the second half to drive growth. And in RTG, our continued drive on our speed to scale launches and so on in addition to our sales in navigation and imaging should all help the U.S. So, we think this is a lot in our own control and through successful execution of new product introductions I think will make an impact.
Omar Ishrak: Well, there was number of points there, Mike. First, from a surgical solutions perspective, while it is a barometer in the overall market, there were greater activities than we usually have on reprocessing, which – and for which we are addressing that through some new launches in the second half, so we think that will impact the market. And again, like I said before, because we are so big in the market, it does move the overall market up and down depending on what we do. I really don’t have any hard data to comment on the overall procedures that would really worry me as a big factor. I think our own performance is the bigger thing here. With respect to the other points, Mike, it’s too early for me to comment on any changes and so on. I mean in the end, we go back to our universal healthcare needs, improving clinical outcomes, driving value-based healthcare, increasing access. Irrespective of the government and irrespective of the country for that matter, those are the priorities and that’s what we stay focused on. I think as long as any reform focuses on that, I think it will be accepted and it will be successful. It’s not easy, but it’s one that we must collectively address. With respect to the tax situation, again, I don’t want to speculate on what may or may not happen here. But I just want to reiterate that the reason we did the Covidian acquisition was operational. It was primarily driven by market synergies and broadening of our business and the way in which we can drive healthcare. At that time, that was the best structure and we continue to believe that, that is the right way for us in getting access to our cash, which we have deployed effectively. I am just going to leave it at that. We will see how things rollout and we will kind of go from there. But like I have said many times before, we like to control the things if we can control and execute those well. The rest will happen around us and it’s tough for me to speculate. Thanks.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. That’s a fair point, David. The only thing that we pointed out was the device replacements where we are certainly slower. But I will let Mike Coyle comment on the CRM market and I will also let Bryan comment briefly on the surgical market, because I think that’s an important question you are asking, so Mike, go ahead and just answer the question directly.
Omar Ishrak: No, I think to some degree, we have executed well on the M&A, both small, as well as midsized tuck-in acquisitions. And they helped us actually this quarter in diversifying our revenue base and giving us a much needed boost. I think our ability to execute those is pretty good and I am thinking about those the right way. As I have said before, we are disciplined about our cash allocation and we have done a lot this year, so we are watching it very carefully. And the bar is a little high. But that’s purely to do with our capital allocation, not to do with our execution or any of these market dynamics. I think in many ways, we continue to look at different opportunities.
Omar Ishrak: I think it’s tough to quantify that. That’s a portion of the drop in our growth rates in diabetes. I think the delay in actual shipment is the bigger portion, but the delay is – the deferral is only a limited amount.
Omar Ishrak: First, let me point out that we haven’t come off the mid single-digit estimate for the year. We are still saying that. And this quarter is not one that we are happy with like I have said and it’s not one that we are going to repeat. And so we are completely confident in our ability to drive sustained mid single-digit growth and all our strategies are aimed towards that and those strategies cover our ability to produce new products across a variety of market segments. Typically, that diversity would protect us. It just so happened this quarter that a collection of them all happened together. In addition to that, we have got geographic diversity which we are building and that’s our drive towards emerging markets where we have actually even with the enormous impact in Saudi, still delivered close to – at 10% emerging market growth, short of our overall set of basis point target of 150 to 200, but one that we think will pickup over time and we want to get more to the middle of that target rather than the low end. And the services and solutions is a longer term effort, but again another one which will give us sustained growth in the long-term. So, we are deploying multiple strategies for a sustained and consistent mid single-digit growth, which employs addressing new therapies, cadence of product innovation, different market segments within that, geographic diversification, the real focus in emerging markets, and creating this new services and solutions growth vector, along the lines that you described earlier based on our value-based healthcare initiatives.
Omar Ishrak: No, strategic investments would be – well, let’s put it in two ways. First of all, tuck-in acquisitions, is part of our overall mid single-digit sort of targeting. And you recall that we are driving these tuck-in acquisitions where we are balancing internal costs. So, we are not changing our EPS guidance – double-digit EPS growth guidance stays the same while we do these acquisitions. So, we consider them, although acquisitions, we make internal trade-offs to fund them. So, that’s the way think about those. Bigger strategic acquisitions, they are always possible like we have done in the past, but they have to drive our strategies, that actually was strategic fit that we can satisfy and quantify for ourselves before we go into that. So, that’s the way we look at it.
Omar Ishrak: Let me take the revenue question. We were pretty clear in the sense that there is a whole series of new product launches that will come in the back half, all the way from TAVR to the – towards the end of the fiscal year, the Resolute Onyx. We have got 15 new product introductions in surgical solutions. We will address the reprocessing. And most importantly, we have got the 670G, which we will launch towards the end of the fiscal year and we expect a ramp up in growth as the next two quarters go by. So we do think that a significant shift in our new product cadence will give us enough growth to take us well in the single digit range in the back half. And also we haven’t talked much about it, but the improvement in spine and the RTG growth starts to move up the mid single-digit range, which it wasn’t before, so all of these are the main factors. To be clear look, we stated that the device replacement market in ICDs will continue to slow. We are not expecting that to turnaround. We expect the NHS and the buying patterns in the UK to remain slow for the remainder of the year. We expect the Middle East to remain where it is. So we are going to say that those market trends will continue. The rest are all new product related and our cadence will address it. I think that’s the brunt of it.
Omar Ishrak: First, we expect to be in the mid single-digit in the back half and in the early part of the – in Q3 as well and I think we stated that. Look, I will state it again. We don’t want to make a habit of missing the mid single-digit goal even in the quarter and I am extremely focused on that and one that we will address. So our mid single-digit goal is one that certainly for the year is still valid and one that we expect to get back during the second half of the year. In terms of the operating margin, I mean that was one of the positives of this quarter that we did deliver a strong operating margin improvement, 150 basis points of constant currency improvement. We are on track. Our synergies are coming up. Our value capture programs are all delivering. Our gross margins actually are in line with what we expect. So we are certainly still think with what we presented at the Analyst Conference in terms of our operating margin enhancements and I think this quarter is a signal that we in fact can execute towards that. No, we are going to do that in future quarters, but that’s the way we see it right now.
Omar Ishrak: No, we don’t think so. I think you just got to look at the product case and I mean if I take that bit, for example, I mean clearly, that’s a revolutionary new product which didn’t hit the market at all and we think the benefits of that are yet to come. I mean that’s a clear example of a breakthrough product line. And then I think in both CVG and in MITG and certainly in RTG, in all our product segments, I mean these are strong products, stuff that we are doing with in the transcatheter market are significant enhancements that due to what we had before and we expect traction on those. So we think our product pipeline is robust. We described that in the Analyst Meeting. We haven’t come off any of that. Our feeling about their impact is no less than what it was then. It’s just so happened that the timing of these launches, coupled with some really severe market headwinds, all at the same time, just kind of – those are concurrence of these events in one quarter and we expect that, that sort of collection of circumstances not to repeat. And we think that the new products, the robustness of our pipeline will come through and we will get the appropriate benefits. So our excitement around new products is not – and our confidence has not been shaken at all as to their viability and what they can do to the market and to patients.
Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Chris. Okay. So with that, it’s time to end the call. But before I finish, I have to repeat the three main points about this call and about our performance and outlook. Like I have said several times, we are not happy about the revenue performance this quarter, but we do think that the shortfall, the reasons of the shortfall are identifiable and in most cases temporary and we expect our new product introductions primarily to drive a recovery in the back half of the year and in longer term. Second, look, please acknowledge – we acknowledge the fact that our organization delivered an operational discipline and delivered strong operating margin and double-digit EPS growth this quarter. And finally, we remain confident in our overall strategy that we laid out in our Analyst Meeting, double-digit – mid single-digit revenue growth and double-digit EPS growth on a constant currency basis, not only this fiscal year, but sustained into the future, and that is something that we are certainly not coming off. Okay. So with that, I would like to thank you all for your interest and your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, also thank you for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. And for those of you in the U.S., I want to wish you and your families a very happy Thanksgiving. And we look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q3 call, which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, February 21. Thank you.
Mike Coyle: David, the bigger impact was in the high power segment. In fact, the pacing market was pretty much in line with what we were expecting. So the high power side of the equation, we saw a slightly lower growth in initial implants, but we are now looking at high single-digit declines in replacements for the market and that’s something different than we have seen historically. As we go forward, we think that we are in a particularly impacted area for CRT and that that will get better going forward, but we also expect on the high power side for standardized CDs that there will be this replacement headwind. But it’s principally coming from the fact that there was lower device implants here 5 years 7 years ago when these devices were deep within in terms of initial trajectory. But even more important impact is the lengthening life of these devices because of the improvements that we have made to the technology to extend their battery life and that will be a bit of a headwind for us going forward. But what’s going to work in our favor is the pipeline. If you remember from TCT, in the first half of the year, I think across all of our businesses within CVG, I think we probably had four or five new product introductions in major geographies. That’s going to be up to about 25 in the back half, with some very important ones in the device implantables area, including extending the 3T MRI, bringing the Visia AF to Japan and a large number of other ones that I mentioned at TCT and identified as being catalyst for us going forward. So I think those are going to be things that we can count on to help our share position and hopefully also help with market growth.
Mike Coyle: In terms of TAVR, the overall market grew around 30%. We obviously were in the high-teens sort of the story of international versus U.S. right? In the U.S., we are waiting for the 34 millimeter to impact the market. We expect to be able to then participate in the market growth that we are seeing, which we think is actually quite strong for the U.S. In terms of high power, during the quarter, it looked like market growth was on the order of down mid single-digits. We actually did a bit better than that, because of share capture. And as I mentioned, we have a pretty robust set of new products at TBT – at TCT that we expect to help us grow faster than the market. Our models would tell us things should moderate a bit relative to the replacement cycle, but a bit I mean I think we are still looking at down market in the low to mid single-digits.
Mike Coyle: Yes. As you mentioned, we have been attempting to drive more of our revenue into multi-line contracts and create stickiness of share versus new products coming into the market and we are now up to 38% of CVG revenue in the U.S. is tied up in multi-line contracts. So, what you have specifically identified is the trend that we are trying to basically take products where we have clearly demonstrated superior outcomes and then create performance guarantees that allow us to then do what Omar said, become a value-based healthcare company. We have done that extensively with the anti-infective envelope TYRX in the CRM business and what was being outlined by the APV team there at Wheat was really using the strong clinical evidence around Endurant, Endurant 2S to basically create performance guarantees to drive market share in that segment.
Mike Coyle: The vast majority of that share decline is in that segment. We would estimate it represents about 25% to 30% of the overall market and our shares there were substantially lower than in the other three sides. So, as we bring that in we would expect it to normalize those shares and grow above the market as we do.
Karen Parkhill: And David on the buyback comment, we have purchased 2.5 billion so far this year. We continue to remain committed to repurchasing a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow, along with that incremental $5 billion repurchase that we expect to complete over a 3-year timeframe for fiscal ‘16 to ‘18. As you do know, we typically do front end load our share buybacks not only in the fiscal year, but even this $5 billion incremental share buyback, we have tended to upload – to front load in that 3-year timeframe. We still do have some incremental buybacks to go in the second half. Some of that related to our free cash flow and some of that related to continuing to repurchase the $5 billion, but we typically do front-end load.
Karen Parkhill: In general, I would say Bob that the headwinds that we faced in the quarter caused us to move from our typical mid single-digit growth range to the 3%. And again, we don’t think that, that is something that will continue. We haave guided in the back half to go back to the mid single-digit range.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. On free cash flow, yes, we are changing our guidance to match what our actual free cash flow is as opposed to before the one-time items that can impact the cash flow. So, our former guidance was $6.5 billion to $7 billion adjusted, not including those one-time items. And going forward as I said, we will be doing the – trying to match what our actual free cash flow is with $5 billion to $6 billion. I don’t have an actual apples-to-apples because it’s very difficult to predict those one-time items. But I would say that, in general, the cash flow guidance has not changed substantially, it’s just that going forward we will be focused on trying to focus on the actual and that’s based on feedback that we have gotten from several investors.
Karen Parkhill: And I would just add because you are asking about quarterly gating, too. For CVG in particular, we do expect a little bit stronger growth rate in the third quarter than the fourth quarter just given a very strong finish at the end of the year for that business. And as I mentioned, in RTG, because of the product introduction, we do expect that to ramp up through the back half from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, same with diabetes, a ramp up from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. In terms of EPS, it’s typically flat, so there is not a big difference that you had mentioned in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And we don’t particularly give guidance.
Karen Parkhill: And we have talked about that operating leverage improving throughout the year. So in the first quarter, we had 100 basis points improvement, second quarter, 150 basis points and we expect it to continue to get a little bit better from here.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, no, happy to take that. So what I mentioned is, we certainly can’t predict exchange rates, but if they do remain stable where they are today and two of the biggest rates that we are exposed to are the euro and the yen. So if they remain stable to about €1.06 [ph] and ¥110 for the remainder of the fiscal year, I mentioned we would expect our revenue to be negatively impacted by approximately $20 million to $60 million. And on an EPS basis and this takes into account our hedging program too, it’s not just our natural exposure. And on an EPS basis, we would expect full year EPS to be $0.20 to $0.22 impacted and we will give guidance for FY ‘18 when we typically do at a later date.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. It’s very difficult to predict the one-time benefits that we would get in tax. They are spotty. They tend to be large. They impacted us positively this quarter. But we can’t count on them all the time and so that’s why we focus on our more normal 17% tax rate going forward.
