Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen. Before we go to Q&A, I’d like to acknowledge our 90,000 Medtronic employees who work tirelessly and are dedicated to fulfilling the Medtronic Mission in alleviating pain, restoring health, and extending life for so many around the world. In fiscal 2019, our employees together with our physician partners, served over 75 million patients or more than two patients every second. Let’s now move to Q&A. In addition to Karen, our four group presidents, Mike Coyle, Bob White, Geoff Martha, and Hooman Hakami, are also here to answer your questions. We want to try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question, and if necessary, a related follow-up. 
Omar Ishrak: Okay, let me start on the robot and I will let Bob also comment on it. First of all you'll see the actual robots when we invite you, that is the product that we intend to commercialize. And I think our commitment for an FY 2020 launch is delayed [ph] as I mentioned in the commentary. But let me just say a little bit about the comparison of the Mazor X, as you know Mazor X is a different robot. But this methodology of combining our high value consumables which in the Mazor case are actually are tools as well as the spinal implants.  In commercial packaging with the capital equipment is a big differentiator for Medtronic and I can tell you that Bob's team is all over this looking at the experiences that we are getting with the Mazor X launch and will translate them. And this is not just the commercial framework, it's how we structure the sales force with the training and whole variety of other areas. So, I don’t know, Bob do you want to add anything. 
Omar Ishrak: Well there's a whole series of them and I'll go through them because they're all contributing and they're all exciting. First the low risk indication on the TAVR plus they have a little pro launch which gives you a launch of [indiscernible] sheets, that's in FY 2020. Together with that the LINQ 2 which we're really excited about with more accuracy, with more physiological parameters as well as Bluetooth connectivity. That sensitivity like straight up in FY 2020. And then in RTG you have the recurrent RF ablation system in the [indiscernible] MRI. I mean these are continuous innovation products that we think will make a difference and then back to CVG actually the Micra AV which will have an October submission and we expect sometime late in the year sales to start, will also have a carryover into FY 2021 on a strong basis.  And then last but not the least diabetes which we expect the 780 to launch towards the end of the year as well as the non-adjective [ph] labeling which will allow us greater market access and that will happen much sooner in the year. So, those are things that we can talk about like right now in FY 2020 and all of these will in many ways carry on into FY 2021. But there are specific ones and I will repeat the Micra AV because that'll have a full year benefit and that's a big disruptive program for FY 2021. But also the DiamondTemp RF ablation catheter that comes out of CVG and then RTG has all series of products. You know the DBS percept product from neuro modulation which is the first product of sensing that will be launched in FY 2021.  In addition to that in terms of health the interest in Micra which we will launch again early in FY 2021 maybe towards the end of FY 2020. And the diabetes will have continued roll out of the 780G which will have significant benefits which are mentioned in the commentary. And again RTG the soft tissue robotics which I just talked about will launch in FY20 but the full benefit of that we will start to see in FY 2021. So that's a lot of products and I'm telling you I didn't even mention all of them. There are some in staplers and other areas in neurovascular, and so there is a whole series of products that continue our momentum in CRHF. So, we're pretty excited and the pipeline here is solid. These are solid products, many of them very close to launching and others close to approval. So we're really excited about this. 
Omar Ishrak: So, we were pleased to see the PCR statement, it certainly was a more encouraging or let's say softer statement than FDA had made basically pointing out the limitations as a matter of analysis data that has been shown. And reinforcing the efficacious nature of these products in terms of improving patient outcomes. So, they were clearly more balanced in their view than we have seen in the FDA discussions. Now obviously we'll see more data coming in and we'll have to weigh that. In terms of how we have provided guidance we're basically assuming that what FDA has stated is going to remain for the entire balance of the year and obviously we've seen how the market has reacted to that and so we just extrapolated that out through the rest of the year. So if FDA were to become more favorable in their commentary obviously that could have improve outcomes. But right now our guidance would assume there will be no change coming out of it.
Omar Ishrak: I think Kristen you're sort of on the right track there. Yes, we have a lot of fire power here and we're building it and we intend to use it in M&A and focus on M&A indeed isn’t tuckins that accelerates our growth. And examples of things that we've already done expect more of the same. We just said the title [ph] is fine acquisition with Epix Therapeutics earlier in the year with Nutrino Health which is a great bug into diabetes by far with the nutritional database and you will see that, that works through into our next generation pumps. And then the Mazor X obviously which is -- I congratulate Geoff on that one because that's a great acquisition and what it is really pulling through in spine. So, those are examples and they're not all exactly that small either and we expect more of that. Now we will always be disciplined about this. We will look at the returns that we get and it has to be above our cost of capital. We look at the strategic fit and we look at the earnings impact and we look at those three things in a balanced manner as well as our team's ability to execute and put all that together and that's the strategy that we have for M&A and we've got tremendous firepower and you will see us accelerate that process as much is available.
Omar Ishrak: Okay, you know first of all the FDA question. Look The FDA's fundamental mission is to protect the safety of the American public and they do an excellent job in fulfilling that mission. And I think as more data becomes available they're using it wisely to make sure that their post market studies and that the approval process has in it enough of the safety profile and we are completely supportive of that. They're working closely with the industry in making sure that approval process are accelerated the right way but not compromising safety at any time. So we are pretty supportive of the moves that they're making. And we don't really see any major changes to the device approval framework that it has in place. I think that's about it. Geoff, you want to talk about sacral nerve. 
Omar Ishrak: Well, first look we're really excited about China and that is an important market like you point out and it will be the biggest health care market just by the size of the population and opportunity. So it's a market we intend to be present in. And look we are quite pleased with our performance. I mean, the business certainly grew sequentially quarter-over-quarter and it continues to grow and we expect pretty reliable double-digit growth from China on a very consistent basis and we're getting that. And so it is a market that we are committed to, one that we see is a big growth driver for us. The tariffs do pose somewhat of a headwind in terms of our margins but it's one that we will cover and we will offset. We faced some of that in FY 2019 which we successfully managed to offset and we don't expect a major increase in FY 2020 but there may be some towards the back half of the year which we will manage.  But more importantly the need for our products in the Chinese population is very clear. So the demands from both the doctors and the patients and we will follow through with that. We have an outstanding team there with scale, with critical mass, presence in the big cities as well as the outlier regions in private hospitals as well as the government hospitals. And all of those are growth drivers for us across the board and in all our businesses. So make no mistake China is a big priority for us that we're all focused on and we're very confident that it will be a continued consistent growth driver in the double-digits for Medtronics.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah let me just close out, thanks to all of you for your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team thank you for your continued support and your interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q1 earnings call which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, Aug 20th and with that thank you again very much.
Karen L. Parkhill: Sure, thanks Bob, appreciate the question. So, in the first quarter we have guided to 2% to 2.5%, and as you know the fourth quarter came in a little better than we expected. Recall that we had guided around 3% for the quarter and we came in at 3.6%. So given the strong finish to the fiscal year it's likely that we'll see a little bit of softness in the first quarter. We also have the lingering effect of the sterilization issue in MITG. We did use our inventory on hand to help mitigate that in the fourth quarter and now we have less on hand as we move into Q1. We expect the sterilization issue to be behind us as we said at the end of the quarter but will face some slowdown in revenue given that probably to the tune of about 20 million to 30 million which is about 100 bps of MITG growth there. And then, as you know, Q1 will be the first quarter, the full impact of the DCB issue following the uncertainty of the FDA announcement in June. That could be another $20 million to $30 million headwind in CVG and about 100 basis points of CVG growth. But as we noted on the call we do expect our growth to accelerate over the course of the year as we anniversary various headwinds and we introduce our strong pipeline. I'll let Mike answer the TAVR question. 
Karen L. Parkhill: Sure, thanks for the question David. So, on other income, it was a little strong this quarter, and we had a significant strength in it from just the currency and our hedging program. But we also did have other royalty expense come in better, and as we focused on driving improved royalty income where we can, you're seeing that play out and that should continue. In terms of the debt restructuring, we were obviously pleased with the euro debt offering in our U.S. debt tender, and going forward you should expect around 200 million to 210 million a quarter in interest expense from us.
Karen L. Parkhill: And Vijay in terms of the guidance on the tax headwinds the final regulations are not yet out so it is not final. We will obviously be focused on optimizing our tax rate over time and we've been working on that already. And so you've seen our guide in taxes move from a range of 16.7 to the lower end of that range 16 to 16.5. And of course once the regulations are final we will be focused on continuing to optimize where we can. In terms of FY 2021 our hope is that we can improve from there but we'll see. And if you just think about the guidance that we've given with the tax rate headwind, tax is about $0.20 a headwind on our year. We've offset some of that with the debt offering that we did, call it about $0.08 and we've got the $0.10 headwind on FX. So when you look at all of that together, if you look at our adjusted EPS growth it would be about 8% to 9%. 
Karen L. Parkhill: And Robbie our pipeline is the most exciting but I would just remind you too that particularly in CVG we have some anniversary of some headwinds that will help us with the growth acceleration as well. We had the accounting change in our services and solutions business in Q2 which is one anniversary. We'll anniversary the loss of our MCS share loss in Q3 and then we'll have a partial anniversary of the drug coated balloon issue in Q4.
Karen L. Parkhill: Thanks for the question. On gross margin, the gross margin as you know can be impacted by our product mix. And so you haven't seen at least in FY 2019 expansion in gross margin. We've driven the expansion in operating margin and SG&A. While our enterprise excellence program is designed to offset the pressure that we have in pricing and mix there could be some years where we see expansion in gross margin but I wouldn't count on a lot there. In terms of FX we do have an FX headwind next year and that should show up some in the gross margin line.
Michael J. Coyle: Yeah Bob thanks for the question. We were quite pleased with the TAVR number. I think the overall growth rate for both -- the global growth rate was around 11%, U.S. growth rate around 12%, and we were very much in line with that. The announcements at ACC obviously were for low risk and there have been no low risk approvals yet. And of course there's no reimbursement for products that are unapproved. So, we didn't see a marked increase in penetration of that group that will follow after the FDA does the actual approvals of the expanded indication for use. But I would point out that a year ago we were much more active in terms of opening up new accounts which carries with it stocking that would have -- could have more revenue in the prior year number. So, implant growth rates for us were more in the mid-teens rate in the U.S. So, we're very pleased with obviously the momentum in the business and especially with the potential to further grow it in the low-risk patient population. 
Michael J. Coyle: And then on the question of the paclitaxel, obviously we are looking forward to that opportunity to broaden the discussion of the data that's available on paclitaxel product. Obviously we have full visibility to our own data and are very confident in the performance of our admiral product because we have over 1800 patients worth of data that has been carefully followed. So from my perspective the discussion to date has really focused on the three PMA submissions from Medtronic -- and I think there's a much broader set of data to be looked at in all cases it is more favorable from our perspective. First, there's additional follow up that capture patients who wants to follow up in the data that we have been doing and it's certainly been helpful to the overall numbers for the submissions on the PMA data which will be presented at the session.  In addition we have other data sets, the Japan randomized controlled study of 100 patients that basically not only showed no statistical difference in death rates between PCP and balloons but also showed a numerical higher rate in the PTA arm. And then we'll also be submitting data from the impact deep study which is in the critical and ischemia group which is a study that was sized very similar to the FFA study at the FDA referenced 358 patients and followed after five years. And in fact there we saw a higher death rate associated with the PTA arm then the DCB arm is five years. So these additional data sets we think will be helpful. They are also data sets that we would expect to see from patient net analysis that they are doing as well as we think there will be interesting data from claims analysis that should be helpful. Of course we don't have visibility to all of the other company's data. So we'll only see those when we get to the actual panel itself but everything we have seen has us even more comfortable than we were in the beginning in terms of the safety of these products and they are profoundly efficacious for limiting reinterventions in the patient group.  So we go into the meetings, we believe the data is very strong but it's important to understand that no studies have been sized to answer the question of mortality in this patient group and so it's going to be important to us that we look at the risk benefit of these datasets and as I said everything we've seen from our own data sets which are the largest in the industry make us very confident.
Michael J. Coyle: Sure, first of all in neurovascular we have -- Medtronic we have a broad portfolio playing in every segment and that is our strategy and we're in number one positions in both ischemic and overall hemorrhagic. And we've recently refreshed that entire portfolio. Nobody else can say this but it's a very strong market, we're very well positioned across every segment. Now what's driving our growth in the near term is first of all entering the aspiration market, we have already launched the 068 and now the 071. Riptide systems are catheters and we've got, we're getting really, really positive feedback on both. The 068 started out a little slow because we had to make some adjustments to. We had soft launch, made some adjustments to the product and now it's picking up. The 071 hit the ground running, we're getting great feedback, and we estimate that we're somewhere around 15% of this market already, well ahead of our plans in the aspiration segment, well ahead of our plans. We see ourselves getting to 25% by the end of the fiscal year and we think we will eventually get to 50% of this aspiration market. And on top of that we just launched our next gen stent retriever to maintain and extend our lead in that segment. So those are some of the things that are driving it. And I think the other big drivers is the global nature. We're just growing very fast in China and so the fact that we're global is also helping especially in China. So it is a global and broad refresh product portfolio.
Michael J. Coyle: So I'll take those questions, uninterrupted we do expect in the fiscal year to do our first transeptal [ph] version of it. So that work is progressing and we're confident we're going to find a path forward to just as we did in the TAVR world to start with the valve that was critical [ph] but then move up to transeptal delivery system. On that appendage closure we do not currently have a product in development that we very -- follow developments in this space very carefully. We do have a lot of competency in our structural parts business that's applicable to this space. But we also would want to have a superior product before entering into that type of market. So we have a list of designs that we're interested in but we have no announcement to make today on that topic. And renal derivation is actually progressing as we discuss. We expect to have the pivotal trial result presentations next spring which will be sort of key to the FDA approval cycle.  But as you pointed out there's a lot of clinical evidence being generated around this topic that has been presented both at -- PCR meeting here the week as well as at the HRS meeting two weeks ago. In support of both of those clinical trials is both very supportive of the technology. And the ones on atrial fibrillation were particularly interesting. We sponsored one that was presented to both clinical trials here this week at PCR. It basically showed a 60% reduction in patients who develop atrial fibrillation in a highly selective group of patients who had hypertension and were randomized to renal renovation. So the data continues to be very encouraging but obviously given the events of the [indiscernible] study results it will be very important that we have highly controlled data to show the efficacy of this product and we're very confident based on the pilot studies that we have already published on and the trial we are executing with FDA that when we get to next spring we're going to have some very good efficacy and safety data to discuss. So, we are excited about that market. 
Michael J. Coyle: True, starting with the portfolio of product lines. Actually on the CRT side we have I think some very exciting product development activities in addition to some easing headwinds and obviously the biggest challenge we've had in CRT has been we've significantly extended the battery life of these products. We have run into that replacement headwind and as you know in the CRT space for high power half the market is replacements. We still have a few quarters to go in terms of those headwinds being significant but as we head into next year into FY 2021 we actually see that go neutral and that will really help us in terms of just the overall growth profile of the business.  But beyond that at HRS we launched the first active fixation Quadripolar [ph] lead for use in CRT for both CRTD and CRTP which physicians seemed very excited about and we have our new Galaxy platform, our next generation of ICD's releasing in the third quarter which basically will both add Bluetooth connectivity to the product but also some very important pacing features that both will enhance the performance of our products from atrial fibrillation perspective as well as from heart failure rehospitalization rate. So those will be I think really helpful in terms of just getting our CRTD and CRTP product lines accelerating from where they have been and then obviously we'll get the headwind going away as we head into FY 2021.  On the LVAD side obviously we saw a fairly significant reduction in market share that took place at the middle of the year as a result of competitive product launches. We are going back on the offensive with our lateral data to basically take advantage of the smaller size of the HVAD system to basically show lower complication rates in surgical implants of the thoracotomy approach to the placement of the device. And we also think the data sets around the stroke are going to be in our favor as we get further evidence of the performance of these products. And so obviously the anniversary in the second half of next year is going to be very helpful to our overall growth rate but then obviously we're hoping to take sequential market share as we take advantage of the performances of the product.  And then in terms of your question around the PSA and EVICD [ph], we're very excited about both of those programs. We would expect to basically go into pivotal studies with the EVICD this year which obviously has the benefits over existing sub cue products of actually allowing antitachy pacing and post op pacing to be done with the products. So, that we think will provide a big advantage. It's also got a footprint that looks like a standard ICD as opposed to much larger device you see in the sub cue application. And so we believe that will carry with it benefits at implant including potentially lower infection rates.  And then PSA is probably the most exciting thing that we see in the holy atrial fibrillation ablation space. This allows us to actually do ablation without thermal energy either heating or cooling by essentially disrupting the miosites directly which has the potential to really address all of the major complications associated with atrial fibrillation or ablation of atrial fibrillation. So that coupled with our entry into the focal ablation segment with the Epix device, the DiamondTemp device really now significantly broadens our portfolio from what we have traditionally been cryo company focused on PAF ablation. So really nice work by the team to basically expand our product offerings. Both EVICD and PSA of course are beyond the FY 2020 window but we will speak to those I'm sure at the Analyst Meeting next year to give you more guidance as to when we expect them to be major revenue drivers for us.
Michael J. Coyle: Well, I will start with that question. I mean we are definitely seeing where we have robots installed and to your point up and running and we've trained the physicians and the surgical teams and our reps. We're clearly seeing faster growth and greater market share versus accounts that we don't have a robot. And that same can be said to maybe a slightly lesser degree when we have navigation in the OR without the robot. So basically we have enabling technology, our value proposition is better and we're seeing faster growth and better market share. We're seeing it quite a bit different and especially in competitive accounts. And the difference I'd say from a competitive standpoint between just having nav in OR versus having nav arm and the robot is the amount of competitive accounts that we're getting into. Customers that are big spine centers where we were zero and our competitors had these accounts very well covered. They're calling us and we're getting in there and not only getting robotic share but we're getting non-robotic cases. So, it is quite dramatic and so we're very happy with it. It's the overall value proposition of all of this technology working together. And the path to better outcomes for patients and better financial outcomes for the hospital and we're building evidence around both of those. So in terms of the outlook going forward we feel bullish. So far it's much better than our deal model, Mazor sales and for a variety of reasons. And we feel that we continued strong double digit growth in this area based on the existing -- we just launched the Mazor X edition with navigation, we just launched that. And so that still has a lot of runway but we have a series of continuous innovation on top of that, things like so we can navigate with the robot more of our enabling technology like more of our mileage platform drills and such. And then we will be which I don’t want to talk about for competitive reasons we will be adding other features that I think are even more differentiated that will improve basically the spine procedures. Take time out of these spine procedures and also drive more consistent reliable outcomes. So we feel very strong and that's what's generating excitement around the robot is the improvement in outcomes. 
