Karen Parkhill: Thank you, Geoff. Our third quarter organic revenue increased 2%. While we were tracking to our quarterly guidance in early January, the impacts from this latest wave of COVID affected our revenue in the last month of the quarter. Despite the challenging revenue, we controlled expenses and delivered adjusted EPS in line with our guidance and $0.01 ahead of consensus. From a geographic perspective, our U.S. revenue was flat, and non-U.S. developed markets grew 1%, given the impacts of Omicron. Our emerging markets were relatively stronger, growing 7%, with strength in South Asia, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Converting our earnings into strong free cash flow is a priority. Our year-to-date free cash flow was $4.3 billion, up 23% from last year and we continue to target a full year conversion of 80% or greater. And we remain focused on allocating our capital to generate strong future growth and shareholder returns. We are increasing our organic R&D investments broadly across the company to fuel the pipeline that Geoff walked through earlier and we are supplementing this with attractive tuck-in acquisitions. Since the beginning of last fiscal year, we have announced 8 acquisitions totaling over $3.2 billion in total consideration, including last month’s acquisition of Affera in our Cardiac Ablation business. At the same time, we are increasing our minority investments in companies that could become future acquisitions as was the case with Affera. We have a commitment to return more than 50% of our free cash flow to our shareholders, primarily through our attractive and growing dividend. We are an S&P dividend aristocrat. And fiscal year-to-date, we paid over $2.5 billion in dividends to our shareholders. And finally, particularly in periods where we see share price dislocation, we look to execute opportunistic share repurchases as was the case this quarter. Fiscal year-to-date, we have repurchased over $1.1 billion of our stock. Turning to guidance, while procedure volumes are still impacted from Omicron in the first few weeks of February, we are beginning to see improvement. Our outlook assumes continued procedure volume recovery through March and April. And we expect to be back to pre-COVID levels in most of our markets before the end of the fourth quarter. Assuming that holds, for the fourth quarter, we are comfortable with current Street consensus for our organic revenue growth of approximately 5.5%. At recent foreign exchange rates, currency would be a headwind on fourth quarter revenue of approximately $185 million. By segment, we would model Cardiovascular at 7% to 8% growth, Neuroscience at 2.5% to 3.5% growth, Medical Surgical at 7.5% to 8.5% growth, and Diabetes down 6% to 7%, all on an organic basis. On the bottom line, we expect fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $1.56 to $1.58, in line with current consensus. And at recent rates, we expect currency to have a flat to slightly positive impact on the bottom line. Before I send it back to Geoff, I want to acknowledge the additional strain that the recent COVID resurgence has placed on our customers and our employees over the past couple of months. I am truly grateful for the perseverance that both healthcare workers and our employees have demonstrated to ensure patients receive our life-changing therapies around the world. Back to you, Geoff.
Karen Parkhill: Thank you, Geoff and Robbie. So I would first say it’s early. And obviously, we’re going to give our full year outlook on our Q4 call in May. And we’re working through our planning process as we speak. And we’ve noted before with you that there are more puts and takes than normal for next fiscal year. So let me help by sharing some broad thoughts. On revenue, we continue to drive to our long-term organic revenue growth goal of 5% plus, for sure. Although I would say on the plus side, the plus side of that, LRP may be more difficult in FY ‘23, just given some of the challenges that we’ve talked about. We are, as you know, expecting really great product launches, Geoff talked about several of them on the call. And we do expect a continued rebound in procedure volumes in our markets. And as we think about FX on the top line for next year, think about that as being a few hundred million dollar headwind at recent rates. On the bottom line, you’ve heard from others around the increased pressure from the macro environment. And we’ve got that same increased pressure on things like inflation and wage adjustments. And we’ve noted last month that currency is expected to flip from a tailwind to a headwind next fiscal year. And we’ve also shared that we’ve got some dilution from our Affera acquisition. Those last two combined could impact EPS by a few hundred basis points. While we continue to work to offset these headwinds, we certainly don’t want to shortchange our investments and our meaningful growth drivers for the future. And it’s those investments that are really going to help us deliver on that plus side of the 5% plus over the long-range plan. So I would say FY ‘23 will be a unique and challenging year just given the macro environment and the timing of our major pipeline launches. And on the bottom line, we do expect to grow EPS next year, certainly. But at this stage, we don’t expect it to be above revenue growth. I want to make sure, though, that you take away from this that we are still very committed to our long-range plan. We’ve got investments in quality along with the more-than-modest FX dilution next fiscal year that should subside going forward. And while it’s hard to predict the macro factors like inflation and wage adjustments, I’m not sure they’ll continue at the pace that we’re currently experiencing. And obviously, as we look forward, we expect to have meaningful revenue growth to go along with those investments that we’re prioritizing, which will ultimately help drive EPS growth. So I hope that color is helpful, Robbie.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, Vijay. Good morning. It’s still too early to get specific. We’re in our planning process. And as we talked about before, there are a variety of outcomes and ranges that can happen, depending on the approval. We’re obviously focused on getting that approval out as quickly as possible, and we will be working towards that, but too early to get specific on guidance. We will give that guidance, including for our business units, in the fourth quarter call.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, I’ll just add a little bit. While it varies by geography, we are seeing wage inflation in our direct labor currently of almost 9%. So that is much higher than typical. And that’s just a near-term headwind that we’re dealing with. That will impact us a bit in FY ‘23. And on materials right now, we’re typically able to drive net material savings through productivity efficiencies and cost down initiatives. And right now, we’re expecting a couple of hundred basis points of inflation on that just in the near-term. But again, over the long-term, we’re focused on driving revenue growth, on driving continued cost down and expense efficiencies, pricing opportunities where we have them. So we’re focused on and remain committed to that long-range plan.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Matt, thank you. Those items – the few hundred basis points that I talked about are just from the foreign exchange flipping from a tailwind this fiscal year to a headwind next year and from the dilution. So, it is – so you can see the magnitude just from those to temporal items. And that foreign exchange flip, I think at least at current rates, we would say, is much more than modest. And so that’s why we point them out.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Geoff. On China, it was a bit flat in Q3 and we did see some regional tenders happening or beginning to happen in the trauma space. And as we see those tenders happening, the channel slows down their buying. So, that just happens in advance. But just on VBP in general in China, we do expect the government to focus on the top 10 medical device products by public insurance spending. And as you know, we have been through stents and other industry players have gone through large joints. I mentioned, we are now seeing this regional trauma tender. And we see two more potential national tenders on that list where we have exposure, and that would be in spine and surgical stapling. And obviously, there is a lot of uncertainty around these tenders, including timing. But just so you know, if you look at our spine and stapling business in China, our gross exposure is somewhere between 1% to 1.5% of the total company revenue. And based on what we experienced with stents, there should be offsets to that ultimate – to the ultimate number, so that the net would be less than the gross that I mentioned, because we have got pull-through of products and we will obviously be working those. We are anticipating at least one of those tenders to happen in FY ‘23. And these are among the things that put pressure on the plus side of our long-term 5% plus goal for next year. So, I hope that’s helpful.
Karen Parkhill: And Joanne, I just want to emphasize from the – from my seat, that we are really confident in that 5% plus over the long-term. And it is because it’s not dependent on any one thing, but it’s the strength of the pipeline that Geoff mentioned.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Maybe I’ll – first of all, thanks for the question. I agree it’s a big question, and maybe I’ll turn this over to Karen to provide some color commentary on FY ‘23.
Geoff Martha: Sure, Robbie. Yes, so we’re definitely looking at the portfolio more intently. I can’t – however, at this point, I can’t really get into specifics. I will say we’re looking to improve our [indiscernible] where we are looking to improve the consistency of our growth, our North Star – to summarize it, our North Star is durable growth. And we’re looking at our businesses and we’re evaluating them for, one, how well they fit into the portfolio, how well they fit into our strategy, are we the right owners of these assets? And then how we, Medtronic, add value and grow these businesses? It’s still at this point, like I said at the conference, we don’t know if these changes will be significant or more limited. But I can assure you, we’re deeply, deeply committed to doing the right things for shareholders and on all of the Medtronic stakeholders. So we intend to get through this analysis and I think have more over the next several – over the course of the next fiscal year is what we said at the JPMorgan. I don’t have any more update from that in terms of timing.
Geoff Martha: Sure. On the comments we made about the portfolio, let me start by saying it wasn’t intended to be focused on Diabetes. It’s a real, I guess, deep dive, I would say, on the whole portfolio, okay, and more intent than we’ve done in the past. Regarding Diabetes, look, I’d say we are confident in our turnaround story here. I know the warning letter didn’t help. But we are confident in the turnaround story. We believe we have a solid pipeline of new technologies and some near-term growth opportunities. Our clear priority though is resolving the FDA warning letter and getting these new products to market, especially in the U.S., right? In a situation when we see the products working in other markets, we know it’ll have a huge impact on patients here in the U.S. as well. And we have multiple shots on goal to deliver competitive pump and CGM technology, through our organic R&D, through the Blackstone partnership and through some structured investments. And as we mentioned in the JPMorgan conference, we do have some parts of the pipeline that we haven’t provided much detail on for competitive reasons. So we feel we’re further along in Diabetes in terms of not having the warning letter, but it doesn’t change the narrative in our mind. We have the technology, we have the pipeline. It’s a high-growth market, and we feel good about it.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Larry, on the first part of the question, yes, omicron impacted cases and it caused a broad-based absenteeism, right. And we use the word absenteeism to separate it from healthcare worker shortage. And the healthcare worker shortage, I think is more – is going to last longer into FY ‘23 versus the absenteeism, and that’s driven by all the things you have heard about like burn out, people leaving the workforce, versus absenteeism was more short-term and acute caused by just the broad number of Omicron cases. And absenteeism applies not just to healthcare workers, but our own employees working in factories and our distribution centers, our suppliers, it was broad-based. And so that absenteeism, plus the COVID cases suppressing elective cases in hospitals, that peaked the second half of January and into the first half of February. And trends are now favorable, as we highlighted – indicated with our Q4 guidance. And we think procedure volumes will improve throughout March and April and back to pre-COVID levels by the end of our fiscal Q4. However, you still have these chronic staffing shortages that will be – from what we are hearing from hospital administrators persist, into FY ‘23, but how – into 2023, sorry. But they are – they will be mitigated by these traveling or temporary staff, where the hospitals are just paying more for these employees and technologies like remote monitoring and telehealth. And so we think that those mitigants will allow them to get back to the normal levels. But it will maybe limit them from going 110% or 120% of pre-COVID levels like we saw in prior waves, prior to Delta and Omicron. So, that’s how we are seeing it, and it does imply a big improvement here in Q4. But we don’t see that hospitals have a capacity to kind of handle 110%, 120% kind of levels like we have seen in other waves. So, I hope that answers that question. And then maybe on the China piece, I will turn that over to Karen.
Geoff Martha: Well, I think what I like about our position right now is the breadth of the – the strength of the current portfolio and the strength and breadth of the pipeline. And we have several drivers. There is a lot of focus on – obviously, on Hugo, and we talked about that and we are feeling good there. And certainly, by that time, we will work through some of these manufacturing and supply chain issues. And we are feeling really good about the quality of what we have here and the impact that Hugo is going to have. We will get the Ardian data readout as well. And I will come back – we talked about diabetes. But beyond that, you have got things like – and I will just highlight a few, and I will start in cardiovascular, you got our EV-ICD coming, we see that market to be $2 billion to $3 billion. And then our Cardiac Ablation Solutions business there for Afib, we have got PFA. Of course, our DiamondTemp rollout is – will peak, and we have got PFA coming. In MedSurg, beyond Hugo, SI is hitting a nice part of its product cycle here. There is a number of products that will have an impact coming in SI. And then our neuroscience portfolio just across the board is well positioned. You heard in the commentary about neuromodulation with DPN in pain, ECAPs in pain, and that’s strength-on-strength because our DTM is doing well there. You got DBS with the sensing and the closed loop. Pelvic health, that market continues to be a stronger growth market and we have got a great product line up there. ENT will be adding Intersect. And I really believe our spine business is poised with the broad base of enabling technology and just where that market is going. It definitely favors us. And then you heard today that neurovascular is back to gaining share. We have – over the years, we have relied on that. So, it’s a broad base of technology. And I think with the new operating model, I expect it to keep refilling that pipeline up, that’s the focus. So, that’s what I would say. We feel good about – as Karen said, there is more puts and takes next year than normal for sure, and she has gone through that, I think in good detail. But the – we are committed to the long-term plan, and it starts with this top line growth. And based on the broad nature of it, we feel good. And getting back to Diabetes, remember, we do have the 780G with the Guardian 4 sensor. We will have a new sensor beyond that in that timeframe with Simplera. And that Simplera sensor could also be paired with our pen from companion and creating a whole new vector of growth for our diabetes business there with smart pens paired with our sensor. So, there is a number of drivers there. And you take it all, it doesn’t all need to happen to get to that 5% plus once you get past FY ‘23.
Geoff Martha: Good. And another one that we have mentioned a little bit in the commentary, Danielle, that maybe I will have Brett Wall comment on is two things in pain. Our pain business is already well positioned with our DTM. But the diabetic peripheral neuropathy and the ECAPs submission, do you want to comment on those two things, Brett, because I think they are pretty meaningful.
Geoff Martha: Yes. And so just last comment on that. I mean look, obviously, they are both great opportunities. But the other piece that I really like about them is just how we did this, right. These – in both cases, you had smaller and in one case with ECAP start-up, smaller focused companies that signaled the innovation here. Historically, we haven’t moved that fast and now we are moving at a much faster pace. And I just love the way we put these focus teams on there, gave them this challenge in both of these instances to move fast, don’t sacrifice quality but move fast. And this is the type of thing that we want to see – we are starting to see across the portfolio with the new operating model, with the leaders we have in place, with some of the new leaders we brought in from outside the company. And like I said earlier, also now beyond innovation, moving on to really improving our capabilities in our end-to-end supply chain to make sure that it’s reliable and it sets us up from a cost position as well. So, like where the company is headed, like those two examples in particular.
Geoff Martha: Sure. Rick, great to hear from you. Thanks for that question. I will answer it a couple of ways. One, this is separate. These tuck-in acquisitions and venture investing, that’s separate from the broader portfolio comments I made earlier. This is what we view part of our everyday business here is doing tuck-ins. And so a couple of things I would say. One, we have stepped up our venture investing. We separated our venture team maybe 2 years ago from our M&A team to have more focus. We have separate operating mechanisms with these – with this team, that Karen, myself and several others from the Executive Committee participate in. And so we have stepped up those investments. And a lot of those investments, some of them are just debt or equity, but some of them are more structured investments to give us opportunities down the line. So, that is significantly up. And then on the acquisition space, I was hoping, like I said in prior calls, that during COVID, evaluations would go down a bit and present opportunities. That didn’t happen initially, but valuations have come down a bit. And our pipeline is fuller than it has been over the last 2 years. You see the Intersect deal. That Intersect deal for ENT that we announced and the Affera deal for our Ablation Solutions business, those are the type of like acquisitions in that billion – multibillion dollar range that have – in the case of Intersect ENT, will have an immediate impact because they have got meaningful revenue. The Affera deal, it will take a little bit longer. It’s still earlier in development, but hugely impactful. What I like about that deal is how it repositions our – really strengthens our ablation business there by providing the MapNav and complements our PFA offerings. So, we are seeing things across the board, if you will. Particularly, I would say, a lot of interesting things in neuroscience, a lot of interesting things in the cardiology space as well. So, that’s how I would answer that question.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Alright. Thanks, Ryan. Okay. Look, thanks, everybody, for the great questions. And we appreciate – certainly appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And look, we obviously – Karen outlaid – outlined some of the puts and takes that we have that we are working through. But we also have like some extraordinary opportunities in the marketplace and you combine that with the changes that we have made in the company and continue to make that I think are having a meaningful impact, I am confident in our ability to work – move past these – work through these challenges and move past these challenges and deliver on these opportunities and deliver on that plan, that long range plan that we have outlined. And we are steadfast in our commitment to deliver durable and higher growth. So look, we hope you join us for our Q4 earnings webcast, which we anticipate holding on May 26, where we will update you on how we finish the fiscal year and then even a more detailed look ahead at fiscal ‘23. So with that, thanks for tuning in today. Please stay healthy and safe, and have a great rest of your day.
