Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen. And before going to Q&A, I want to thank all of our employees around the world for another strong quarter of execution and dedication to the Medtronic mission. As I mentioned at the start, this was outstanding quarter, we're executing on multiple fronts, our end-markets are strong and we're leading several of the fastest growing markets in Medtech. In addition, we're allocating our capital across our business and focusing incremental resources on our biggest growth opportunities. In the process, we're driving our WAMGR upwards to the right, while at the same time driving operating leverage and margin expansion. We're also improving our free cash flow conversion with major emphasis on this across our entire organization. This will create additional capital that can be returned to shareholders or reinvested to drive future growth creating long-term shareholder value. Finally, over the balance of this fiscal year and into FY20, our pipeline contains numerous growth opportunities and has never been stronger. We expect to develop and bring to market a long list of technology innovations which will improve the lives of millions of people around the world, help healthcare systems become more efficient, and ultimately grow the intrinsic value of Medtronic. We know there is much work to be done but we're up for the challenge and I'm excited about these opportunities. With that, let's now move to Q&A. In addition to Karen, our core group President, Mike Coyle; Bob White; Geoff Martha; and Hooman Hakami are here to answer your questions. We want to try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question; and if necessary, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: First, look, you're right about the pipeline, we're more excited today than we've ever been. And sure, our goal is to make those opportunities count, and -- over the long-term, certainly we expect to perform better than what we've said, that's always been our goal and that will continue. The most important thing is that we're executing, and that gives us increased confidence. We're executing from a revenue perspective, we're executing from a margin perspective, and most importantly the products are coming out on time, the products are delivering the impact that we think that they should deliver; and if you put all that stuff together, we're really optimistic about the future. At this stage, we have a plan that we presented at Analyst Day, it's only been 6 months, so we just keep it the way it is. But make no mistake, this company is executing, we've got a tremendous opportunity pipeline, and we'll deliver.
Omar Ishrak: First of all, the main point to kind of take away from this is that, sure, there were some favorable comps from the hurricane and so on, but the underlying growth that we've delivered in the last few quarters has definitely continued into this quarter and we expect that to continue into the back half, that's why we're raising the guidance. And like I said, the underlying growth and the momentum from all the products that we've talked about give us a lot of confidence that we will certainly deliver on that. The pipeline for the back half, like I mentioned very specifically, is there, and we expect those to convert into real momentum. So, I've got no qualms at all about the underlying growth of the business, that's steadily getting better as new products come out. Now on the back half, obviously, there is some tough comps, but going back to the overall underlying growth and looking at it over the past several quarters and looking at it into the future, there is a steady improvement as we go forward.
Omar Ishrak: I'm going to ask Geoff to take this spinal cord stim, I think he is very anxious to give a reply. Go ahead, Geoff.
Omar Ishrak: And let me also add, there is a little -- these two that you've pointed out -- these two segments are the -- one, we're excited about many things but these two we're very excited about, we're going to own these segments and I'm personally engaged with both of these groups on a very regular basis. I'm interested in it, and I'm very confident that we will not only introduce these products as we talked about, with the features that we talked about where we will lead in these markets.
Omar Ishrak: First, with respect to TYRX; what's changed is the fact that these clinical results will be published shortly, I mean it's a program that we knew was coming but the time has come for it to be -- for those results to be released and we'll see where we go from there, that's an important event. It's something we planned for, so in that sense, it doesn't change but the fact is that it's happening, and we're executing, and it's coming to fruition and we'll see how the results pan out. With respect to the robotics program, that was simply a confirmation there we're on-track, it is the most important program in terms of financial commitment for Medtronic at this stage, it is one that we're very excited about, not just in the short-term, but in the long-term in the way that will address both the general surgery market and the minimally invasive market. So we just highlighted those examples, there are several other examples that we talked about but there is nothing to take away from that, something has changed except our increasing confidence of the delivery of the results animating from those programs that obviously would be clinical trial work which would results are [ph]. I think that's the best takeaway here. Like I mentioned earlier, we just put our long range plan in place, we've put certain numbers in place with increased guidance for the second half of the year based on our underlying growth, and I think that's as far as we want to go right now. We're executing this year and we're feeling confident about the future.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, so this last quarter was not our best quarter in corresponding biologics, and that is -- a big driver that was Infuse, it was down relative to prior year due to some customer buying patterns; however, the natural demand for Infuse is strong, mid-single-digit, so I'm not concerned. On the market -- the market is -- from our perspective, it seems to have stabilized, still slower than it was a year or two ago as price declines are now offsetting procedure growth; so you're getting either flat to low single-digit to growth but it has stabilized and it's starting to inch back up a little bit. But for us, we do feel we are very well positioned to take share in this market over the next couple of quarters and years. Three big drivers; one is you mentioned Mazor, so our robotics which is part of our surgical synergy strategy, we're seeing the leading indicators of this improvement. So, for example; robotics sales, we look at every major account as kind of like a socket if you will, and the key is the robotic sale. And we are beating our expectations and we're 2X the sales I think in the last quarter, 2X the sales of our competition, and that is before we've launched the Stealth edition, that's where we integrate our navigation into the Mazor X which just got approved by the FDA and we'll be launching in January. And of those robotic sales, 70% of those were placements, meaning that the account chose to pay for them with incremental spine share over the next 4 years -- 3 to 4 years. So we're -- these are great leading indicators, and then utilization of the robot system is up 10% over the last quarter. And then finally, use of Medtronic implants with these systems has gone from 28% in Q4 to nearly 50% in Q2; so all these leading indicators are pointing in the right direction. The other big driver for us is U.S., and we have a strong presence outside the U.S., a lot of our competitors are strong outside the U.S., especially in China. Overall, RTG grew 17% in China, big driver of that was spine. And then finally, the third one is, we talked about speed-to-scale and the path; I think we still have upside in our speed-to-scale strategy, we've got a couple of portfolio gaps that we're closing. So those three things added together, I'd feel like we're going to take share in the market whether it's low single-digits or what have you over the next couple of years.
Omar Ishrak: Let me also add to that; look, we're -- as you heard me say and all of us are going to comment on; we're extremely excited about our opportunities, we're excited about the fact that we're executing, internally, still we've got a tremendous internal R&D pipeline but we're not going to invent everything, and there are all kinds of opportunities externally as well. We've got a strong balance sheet, we've got lots of firepower and new [ph] CS moving ahead and those are decisions that we make overtime but I want to reiterate that the opportunities in Medtech today have been stronger than I've ever seen it, and certainly, our execution deserves us to be able to invest more, and we'll carry this forward. Having said that, we're committed to the guidance that we've given and the long reach plan that we've talked about, but I just wanted to point out the opportunity here is tremendous and we'll act accordingly.
Omar Ishrak: I think the range that you're talking about are within the range of movement according that we'll see according to the dynamics of the investment that we make at a certain point in time. So that's going to present in a chip [ph] you're going to see but the bigger point here is that indeed there are opportunities like I mentioned several times already, both internally and externally, and we'll execute on both and we'll take this on a measured way that as we see ourselves executing, as the opportunity that comes along our way is something which we can deliver on, makes sense as within the strategic alignment of our company, then we'll go forward with it. And this company is about technology, it's about R&D and -- but we're not going to be stupid about it, we'll have to be responsible. But at the same time, as we start to execute, I expect that number to go up. And I'd like it to be higher but will dig that on in a measured way depending on the opportunities that are available, both, internally and externally.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, thanks, Ryan. And thank you all for your questions. On behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you again for your continued support and interest. And for those of you in the U.S., I want to wish you and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our third quarter earnings call which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, February, the 19th. Thank you all very much.
Karen Parkhill: We are excited about the strength of our underlying business and the strong execution that we've had so far in the year. That strength and that operational performance has enabled us to absorb headwinds that we didn't anticipate at the beginning of the year and still maintain our EPS guidance for the year. So those headwinds include the impact of FX which we now believe for the year have a negative net $0.05 impact on EPS, and China tariffs and Mazor combined have another $0.05 impact to our original guidance.
Karen Parkhill: For next year, our fiscal year '20 starts the beginning of May, and so really, we're just in the early phases of our annual planning process, so it would be premature for me to give you more specifics on next year, but I would use our long range guidance that we gave at Investor Day as a guide for next year, and we'll certainly give you more color when we're ready, and obviously give our additional guidance for next year on our fourth quarter call.
Karen Parkhill: We are focused on delivering that 50 basis points of margin expansion that we outlined at the beginning of the year. As we have opportunities, we are also focused on increasing our R&D investment to accelerate our pipeline where we can, and so as a result, despite the fact that we have worked hard on operating margin expansion and delivered this quarter, we're focused on the 50 basis points for the full year. That does imply operating margin expansion in the third quarter roughly in line with our guidance for the full year and fourth quarter slightly higher than that just given the math. And typically, we deliver more leverage at the back half and in the fourth quarter than we do in the front half.
Karen Parkhill: We are very pleased with the free cash flow that we've enabled to deliver in the first half of $2.4 billion which is a significant improvement over the first half of last year. And it's really due as Omar said, to a very strong focus throughout the company on improving cash; not just through earnings growth but also through working capital improvement. In the first half, we had some strong improvement in accounts payable and accounts receivable, in particular, but also a focus on managing our larger one-time items as best we can, and staying within the parameters that we've outlined on those one-time items. So we're focused on free cash flow, we believe that this focus is highly sustainable, it is obviously been built into our incentive comp metrics throughout the company, and we're focused on achieving what we outlined at Investor Day.
Karen Parkhill: And Vijay, I would just say that our long range plan did not have a cap of 4.5% like you mentioned, it was not a range of 4% to 4.5%, it was 4% plus and it was meant to consistently deliver year-after-year and in years where we have very strong pipeline we can deliver more.
Karen Parkhill: As you know, we are focused on balancing return to shareholders with reinvestment in our business. Where we see good reinvestment opportunities we are focused on driving that because it does drive the long-term value of our company. We balance that with share repurchase because we do not intend to hoard cash on our balance sheet. We've had very good reinvestment opportunities, not just in our R&D but also in acquisitions, we've just announced the acquisition of Mazor, and so we're focused on balancing both. We will continue to repurchase our stock though as we see opportunities, and we're committed to delivering at least a minimum of 50% of our annual cash generated to our shareholders.
Karen Parkhill: We're committed to margin expansion and as we outlined over the long range, we talked about 40 to 50 basis points for the long range. For this year we talked about 50 basis points, so we're committed to that. We're also focused through our Enterprise Excellence programs on driving greater effectiveness and continued efficiency to deliver that margin expansion but also to enable us to increase our investment in R&D wherever possible; so we're balancing delivering that margin expansion with accelerating our R&D pipeline.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, Kristen. I wouldn't read too much into it. We did have a beat in the second quarter and in the first half. Part of that beat we would attribute to better than expected FX that would be about $0.03 in the second quarter, and about $0.06 in the whole first half. But we do expect EPS to be for the full year to be no longer a tailwind or a headwind, excuse me a tailwind from FX, we now expect FX to be neutral for the full year. And because we've had a headwind from FX in the first half and we expect it to be neutral now in the third quarter, that just implies that we'll have a greater headwind in the fourth quarter from FX that we've built into our guidance. We've absorbed lots of headwind from an FX headwind to China tariffs and Mazor maintained our overall guidance, and we expect FX to have a negative impact in the fourth quarter.
