Omar Ishrak: Thanks Karen. And to conclude, Q3 was a solid quarter where innovation and technologies, strong positions in the fastest growing markets in MedTech and enterprise synergies produced solid returns. We have driven a strong turnaround from our first half results and we remain confident in our ability to deliver mid single-digit revenue growth and meaningful EPS leverage this fiscal year and beyond. We expect this to lead to robust free cash flow generations that we can deploy with discipline. Finally, we remain keenly focused on executing to deliver dependable results for you our shareholders. As we continue to leverage our global diversification scale to fulfill our mission of elevating plain, restoring health and extending life for millions of people around the world. Let’s now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Karen, I have asked to join us. We want try to get to as many people as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to only one question and if necessary a related follow-up. If you have additional questions please contact Ryan and our investor relations team after the call. With that operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Well, I think the hurricane dynamics we rose were minor, but there was some applied, but clearly that was rose to the minor a bit on the overall base of our revenue. I think in Q4, it's mainly tougher comparisons year-over-year that are driving this in some areas like diabetes, we expect continued strength and I think CVGs had a strong high almost high single-digit growth rate over the past several quarters and we are running into a tougher comparison in Q4, so that's a lower that has been running. But still we are in the mid-single-digits as we expect. I think with MITG what you saw in the Q4 was a slight enhancement, because of our sales and the pulse oximetry business because of the flu season, which was – and the requirement for that product was particularly high even given the historical levels. That's going to tail down in Q4, so that’s dampening the growth a little bit. I think those are the key dynamics that I’m looking at. It’s still well in the mid-single-digit well in our guidance and we expect to close the year in the range that we had talked about in a fairly tough year.
Omar Ishrak: That's correct. Yes, it's just a quarter-over-quarter dynamics and some one-off issues here and there.
Omar Ishrak: You know I know I have spoken a lot about value based healthcare, but I’m particularly pleased to see this translate into real numbers which have real differentiating value for Medtronic and the person who read that actually is Mike Coyle in CVG and while TYRX is one example where innovation is linked directly to an outcome when we built a business model around it. We have actually got four, five other programs which are equally interesting, we are in the starting phases, but I will let Mike just comment overall on the subject then also onto the specific question on TYRX.
Omar Ishrak: Okay let me take the acquisition one first. A number of things, first of all we do acquisitions when we meet certain guidelines, that means where we think that the acquisition will add to our strategies which are very clear in the disease areas that we have got, especially tuck-in acquisitions in the disease areas that we have got presence in and it fills out our overall capabilities. We have got to have the management bandwidth and the financial bandwidth to do the deal and it is an interesting acquisition we do, then we haven’t been shy from doing some reasonably big ones in the past two years. I think the improved access to cash that we have with the new tax reform will actually help, open our financial bandwidth in doing some of these deals, but remember they all go together. There is financial bandwidth. There is management bandwidth. There is most importantly the strategic alignment of the tuck-in acquisition and our ability to integrate it properly with the right team. And I wouldn’t read too much into any particular year, it is really overall, we have created a pretty good track record of doing these and we intend to continue.
Omar Ishrak: Like I said Kristen, that’s a fairly complicated system with multiple computers being put together and it’s the event that we have had some experience with, and when you integrate a system of this level of complexity, there may be some time line shifts as to when will be ready for first-inhuman use and so it’s taken just a little longer than we thought earlier. We are very excited about what we are seeing, I mean we have seen the thing operate and the performance is very compelling. I think it’s best if we wait till Investor Day when we will give you some more insights as to the nature of this product, which we are really excited about and also as we get closer to commercial launch, we will give you some dates. So I think that’s the best way to look at it. It makes no mistake this product is an outstanding product and the sorts of integration hiccups you get are not uncommon at all with systems of this magnitude and one that we know will get through, and we will be ready for the launch of the suitable type.
Omar Ishrak: No. Look we are not at a stage to give you dates like that, but once we wait till Investor Day and then we will give you an update on our overall performance and really, we will stick to timelines when we are close to commercial launch.
Omar Ishrak: Sure, Matt. When we say by the end of this quarter, we will be able to meet on constraint demand that’s not only talking about pump users and our ability to satisfy the sensor needs of those patients who are on pumps. It’s also about our ability to go after new markets like standalone sensors which I had talked about with Guardian Sensor 3 three and the pending approval in the United States. So we really feel confident that by the end of this fiscal year we will be in a position to really go after our existing market as well as start to really penetrate aggressively new markets that we currently don’t plan. That’s number one, as far as Animas goes I would say that’s progressing very well, we are generating today consumable revenue from that transaction and we are transitioning patients that are out of warranty from Animas to Medtronic as planned and things are going very well with that and we are getting some incremental growth out of that and the way I would characterize it is even - if we exclude Animas we would have been double digits in Q3, but we are very pleased with how that’s going and we look forward to just continuing the transition.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, I think first of all I don’t have the exact number in front of me, but that is a major component of the growth in this last quarter and it will be going forward and the Company is really based around therapy innovation, so that’s not surprising. I do want to point out clearly that our value-based healthcare programs are economic value programs that are all accelerators for our new products and we realized that the connection of technology to demonstrating clear outcome improvement is the way to get value for these products even in the current fee for service environment and to get differentiated pricing for these products, because of the credible promise and commitment to improve the outcome which our customers see. So you will see an increasing drive towards newer and newer therapies, but the linkage to the outcome and the value that that creates is what will give us our differentiated strategy and then over time of course these products then go into emerging markets and drive further acceptance in those markets in penetration, but the new products in our business are the fundamental sort of value that we have and the linkage to outcome as what the value is to our customers and an ability to join these two together as we are successfully able to do now will differentiate us, will give us momentum.
Omar Ishrak: I think the new products yes, in general, I mean sometimes they are so attractive in the market when we make a tradeoff with pricing volume, but in general you know with the new feature, the new value and the price is justified by the value that the customers and the objectives we realize. And so this is not an arbitrary thing that the value we get the price and in general you see that and you will see the offset of older products overtime. So overall pricing surf numbers that we put previously I think will takes us hold and our ability to maintain them depends on these new products.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. What we think that is one of our customers tell us it’s probably the best handling stent in the marketplace in terms of high visibility, is there a good visibility, it’s got a great deliverability. We also expanded the size metrics and have actually some unique sizes that other companies don’t have. And the other thing it does for us is in conjunction with resolute integrity, which is also a very well performing product gives us a little more balance in terms of how we can provide multiple price points into the market to deal with pricing pressures. And so collectively, those things have really allowed us to both stabilize pricing and to drive market share capture across that segment and of course, it’s still a very large product segment and highly profitable, so we are glad to see the growth that we are getting out of the product in both the U.S. and in Japan.
Omar Ishrak: Glenn, on the market, I have no new insights from the last quarter, I mean the formula that we had been seeing in call it FY 2017 and even in Q1 FY 2018 is more of a kind of 5% procedural growth with maybe 3% price reductions for a net 2% growth on a global basis. And that formula has come down to maybe a 2%, 3% procedure growth of 2% or 3% price decline to get you basically flat and that’s what we have been seeing over the last couple of quarters. We do think that’s going to go up from here to a point of net growth or so over the next couple of quarters is what we are seeing, but no new insights in terms of what is driving that. I mean there is definitely a more pricing. I think there is another point of pricing pressure in here and with hospitals consolidating, getting more sophisticated in their buying patterns and they are tendering and they are consolidating their vendor base and for us, its tail 2 cities, one given our product preps and implants plus our enabling technology we end up usually a net benefactor when you consolidate vendors, but it is resulting in some price declines. So that’s what we are gaining from share. In terms of Mazor, it is starting I mean the distribution relationship is relatively new and it is starting to pull through revenue. There is too tangible. We haven’t seen the benefit of it yet, we will see it in the coming quarters. There is two tangible way that pulls through revenue, one is when we have placed a few sorts of equipments and that accounts in return for incremental spine shares. So in the last two quarters, we have started doing that with Mazor and that it lags maybe six months before those contracts take effect and we actually see that incremental revenue. So we haven’t seen it yet, but it’s locked in if you will. And then going forward around the December or January timeframe, we will have Mazor integrated into our broader spine enabling technology. So, it’s fully integrated with navigation and operative imaging or O-arm and in that case, the advanced features of that platform will only work with Medtronic implant. So, it will be a technology type in with the platform that will further pull through. So, it is starting to drive the revenue, you don’t see in our economic shift, but it will be coming in the coming quarters and those are the two reasons why.
Omar Ishrak: Sure, look I think both. We haven’t been able to hit the 40 to 60 basis points. We talked about it as a target closer to the 20 to 40 I’d say and our growth in hospital solutions continues and we had actually a particularly strong quarter with the VA in our care management services business. So, I mean those have done an easy revenue actually continues to grow. We are increasing the number of hospitals. We are pretty excited about the spread of contracts that we are getting in hospitals around the world now in Latin America and in the Middle East as well as in Western Europe to our hospital solutions and that’s increased from our cath lab managed services or operating managed services as well. So, there is a strong focus in the company around that and that will deliver increased annuity revenue. I think though what we found is that the bigger benefit and that’s the value, but the bigger benefit actually is the linkage with our new therapies, which is then driving incremental share in our new therapies and incremental pricing in some situation, where the innovation and value are directly linked. And so that’s why we started to look at this in a much more integrated fashion and the contribution we can only value actually to our innovation program is greater than the annuity revenue although I’m not, by any means, saying we are going away from that in any way.
Omar Ishrak: I think we are still in the early phases of that and I’m going to ask Geoff to kind of comment on risk management.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Thanks to all for your questions and on behalf of the entire management team I’d like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic and we look forward to updating you on our progress and results for our full-year on our Q4 call which we currently anticipate holding on Thursday May the 24th. Thank you all very much.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, that’s roughly in line Bob, at this stage we are still working on our annual planning process and we will give guidance on our fourth quarter call in May, but your summary is roughly right.
Karen Parkhill: Well, like I have always mentioned our revenue performance is highly dependent on new product launch process and when we got new products, the revenue growth goes up quite significantly especially with respect to the market. Overall, the market normally really with major changes since before we expect what we said in November is about still holds the same in terms of surgical procedures and in terms of other procedures, some electric procedures and diabetes in particular have a ramp-up in December, which then tails down in January. So, these are all normal patterns. I think the only thing that I will point out is of course that we are pleased with the diabetes business as promised and expected with the sense of shortage issue being addressed bows to double-digit growth, which clearly existed on its own helps. The other thing I'll point out actually is Pain division, where again we have been experiencing declines in growth and this quarter, we came up to high single-digits, which based on new product introductions. So, those two are the outstanding drivers. I have encouraged CBG as usual performed and this was particularly good quarter with a variety of new products, which I detailed and MITG continued with their introduction of products. So really, product pipeline introduction is the main driver that we see in this performance and we are quite pleased with what we have seen.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. So on Puerto Rico, we did realize an incremental revenue from Hurricane Maria in the third quarter, but it was relatively minor. So the vast majority of the 7% growth in Q3 was related to improved underlying financial performance. In terms of foreign exchange, this quarter, given the significant volatility in foreign exchange rates, particularly in the last month of the quarter. We did have an impact on our balance sheet from a remeasurement perspective of certain balances late in the quarter and then we also did have an impact to our inventory, which given inventory turns take some time to run through cost of goods sold. That said for fourth quarter, we do expect to have a continued foreign exchange headwind, both on margin and the bottom-line in the fourth quarter. We expect in the fourth quarter on the bottom-line to have FX if rates remain stable to where they are today of a negative $0.02 for the fourth quarter while we do have a period right now, where a foreign exchange is benefiting revenue given the roll-off of our hedging program, we are seeing continued slight negative headwind to the bottom line. Next year, with the strength of the dollar and the roll-off of most of our older hedges, we do expect a foreign currency benefit both on revenue and expense, and we mentioned at this stage, if rates remains stable for FY 2019, a positive impact on revenue up to $500 million and over $0.10 impact positively on EPS.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, thanks for the question. We do have a slide in our slide deck on cash flow and you will see, operating free cash flow year-to-date of $3.6 billion and yes, $2.8 adjusted that on a comparable basis $3 billion year-to-date. And the guidance still stands for the full fiscal year, where we expect to deliver high-single-digit growth on multiyear basis from 2016 to 2018, which would equate to approximately the cash flow forecast that you mentioned.
Karen Parkhill: Okay. Sure, thanks for the questions. In terms of margin benefit for FY 2018, you are correct, we did deliver on a constant currency basis 30 basis points of margin improvement this quarter and would expect that momentum to continue to drive full-year margin benefit to be higher than what we have this quarter. In terms of net fiscal year, we do intend to continue to drive operating margin improvement and strong EPS leverage based on current exchanges rates where they are right now, you know we would expect a positive impact to the bottom line from FX and also not a headwind on margins. So it’s been potentially positive benefit on margins too. So we will obviously give our guidance on the fourth quarter earnings call, but I would expect continued positive momentum on margins from here. Particularly driven by our enterprise excellence program which we announced at the JP Morgan conference.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. So yes, we do have $14 billion of cash on our balance sheet and we have access to the vast majority of that post Tax Reform. I think the biggest benefit to us will be the access to our ongoing cash generation though going forward, but with respect to the existing cash on the balance sheet, we have been paying down debt this year, we have another $2 billion of debt to mature in the fourth quarter this year, which we expect to let retire and we also have the Puerto Rico tax settlement still waiting out there. It is under appeal, we have a hearing date set for mid March and so we are hopeful and feel strongly about our position there, but should the Appeals Court uphold the prior settlement, it does mean that we would have to pay a large tax settlement from that transaction. So the greatest benefit again is our access to our ongoing cash generation going forward.
Karen Parkhill: And Larry on the tax rate question, our initial estimates indicated that we would benefit from a slightly lower effective tax rate beginning in fiscal year 2019. We did not have the basis points improvement, but we did say we expect it to be slightly lower. We continue to work through the complexity of the new reform and additional guidelines that come out from an U.S. treasury to refine our estimates and certainly, if in that process, our initial estimates change, we will certainly let you know, but at this stage, we expect a slightly lower effective tax rate.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, Isaac. On the $3 billion gross savings, we do expect annually incrementally between $500 million to $700 million each year over the five-year period. So next year, you can expect that incremental savings, not all of that will follow to the bottom-line, because we will be focused on using some of it to offset pricing pressure and to reinvest, but it is this program that will drive that strong margin improvement and EPS leverage that we have talked about. Go ahead.
Karen Parkhill: In terms of the $500 million to $700 million annual incremental each year, expect it to be more in the lower half of that range in the beginning years and more in the upper half of that range in the later years.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. We will be talking about every year when we give annual guidance, the net savings as we see impact that we would expect to see from a top to a bottom-line.
Michael Coyle: Sure, relative to TYRX, we are quite pleased with the level of uptick that we are seeing in with over 1000 hospitals now participating in the program where we actually have linkage back to essentially make a payment that will go to the account if the patient comes back with device related infection within six months. And I think what that has been able to do is TYRX is not separately reimbursed and so by doing this we have been able to create a guarantee that basically is very appealing to accounts who know that they will obviously have a patient who is significantly impacted by an infection. They will lose money at the provider level, at the hospital level, because of that redo procedure that’s required and of course the payer is now out two separate procedures for payments. So this really is a win, win, win the way we have structured it and I think it’s been seen that way by the accounts, but it also allowed us by being able to see the appeal of this approach to then apply it to numerous other parts of our business, including reductions in Heart Failure re-hospitalization with the adaptive CRT, a feature of our CRT devices. Our Smart Shot Performance Guarantee program which basically pays when patients come back with inappropriate shots from an ICD, the drug-coated balloon reintervention prevention program which basically tie to patients coming back for target lesion reduced in SFA disease. And then in our cryoablation business, basically we have a program that pays when patients coming back with either repeat hospitalizations for AF, or for repeat procedures with the ablation. And so collectively, these programs have now been rolled out really just been the last year since the TYRX program really got momentum in January a year ago and these newer programs are really only a quarter or two old, but as we mentioned in the script, we have over $650 million of revenue mostly in the U.S. tied to these programs and we continue to see opportunities to do more of them.
Michael Coyle: Hi, Kristen. The central ramp-up is actually progressing well. It was a key contributor to our growth rate in Q3. Just to maybe put some additional color on it, our guidance since its reproduction in the third quarter was twice as high as what we experienced in the second quarter. So that should give you an indication of how things are progressing and as the commentary alluded to, we are on track to fulfill all the sensor needs of our install base this quarter and by the end of this quarter, we will be able to meet unconstrained demand as we have been staying all the long. Now the other thing I will just point out is the performance of the sensor itself not just capacity, but as Omar talked about in the commentary, the MARDs that we are seeing on over 20,000 patients in the install base is fantastic and continues to really essentially marrow what we saw in the pivotal trial. So, we are very pleased not just in terms of the output, but also the quality of the sensor.
Michael Coyle: Yes. That one is with the FDA. Kristen, we are very confident that we are going to be able to get this out shortly. It’s hard to predict exactly when the FDA is going to approve it, but we are working very closely with them and all indications are that we will have an approval here in short order.
Michael Coyle: Yes, obviously we play in a lot of statements and we see various momentum coming from all new product launches and competitive new product launches and you know we are seeing at the margin some share loss in the initial implants in the ICD segment just as MRI has come in for the both competitors and they are basically going to their user friendly accounts and getting some of that share back. Of course on the flip side we are taking share in the - segment of the market because if not only Micra but also because of the CRT-P quadripolar product as well as the strong position we have now with our next generation wireless facing pacing that just entered the U.S. market. And obviously you also saw we are taking market share in both the coronary and [indiscernible] segments. So basically when you net it all together, we are really just taking advantage of the size and scale that we had as an organization for diversified growth and we think we can continue to deliver above the market growth and our segment market growth is between 4.5% and 5% typically. So that 4.5% to 5% we are talking about next quarter really is just a function of a very strong Q4 a year ago and then we expect to be able to continue or participate across our broad portfolios that is above market growth.
Michael Coyle: Yes, I think the market dynamics have remained very strong there in terms of overall market growth in the low 20s on a constant currency basis and that’s pretty well balanced across the U.S. and international. We obviously have been in share capture mode here over the last couple of quarters based on really the performance of the Evolut PRO product, which has being extremely well received in terms of its lowering leak rates, lowering pacemaker rates and so it’s really being received as an excellent product. But also obviously the expand indications for use into intermediate risk and of course we continue with enrollment in the low risk patient population and of course we have entered the Japan obviously with the Evolut product as well. So all of those collectively are helping us drive above market growth in the overall market. There is nothing particularly new at ACC coming in terms of - really just additional data in some of our larger registries and studies, which obviously continue to support the performance of the products and especially Evolut PRO. So you will see those at ACC.
