William Hawkins: So thanks, Gary. Before turning to Q&A, I want to note that as you all know, I recently announced my intention to retire at the end of the fiscal year. Our Board of Directors is in the process of looking for my successor and their search is progressing well. And although we do not have any new information at this point, we will update you when we have more news to share. At this point, I expect this to be my last Medtronic earnings call. I would like to say that it has truly been an honor and a privilege to lead the finest medical technology company in the world. And while I'm excited about the prospects of new endeavors, I feel extremely proud of what we have accomplished over the past several years. When you take into account our robust pipeline, our outstanding leadership team and our ability to capture new opportunities in emerging markets and emerging technologies, I could not be more excited for the future of this great company. With that, Gary, I'd like now to open things up for Q&A. In the interest of getting to as many questions as possible, we would respectively request that each caller limit themselves to one question with one follow-up. Operator, the first question.
William Hawkins: So first on the AMPLIFY. Again, this is more of clarification, this is not INFUSE. I mean, this is kind of a new indication and it is a new kind of formulation. But we're continuing to work with the FDA to figure out kind of where they are on this. We were encouraged by the panel vote, which was in support of the approval. And so as we learn more, we'll let you know. But it's incremental to kind of our current business. And so if there was a reason for the FDA to delay this anymore, it's not going to have a significant impact. It won't have any really impact on our current business. It's really all upside for us.
William Hawkins: No. We've been very clear with our people in terms of the appropriate indications for INFUSE and so I don't see anything that would change as the result of AMPLIFY not getting approved. So again, there's a different formulation. It's really a different product than INFUSE.
William Hawkins: So on the ICD, yes, the market was, this quarter, down about 1%. And the U.S., we think that there has been some sort of short-term impact because of the JAMA and the DOJ. I think that, that is a short-term impact, I think, that hospitals are having to adjust a little bit to making sure that they are in conformance with the appropriate guidelines. But I'd take a step back, I continue to be encouraged that this is a large patient population. It is a big market opportunity and I think, we're in just in a little bit of an air pocket here that's result of the reaction to the JAMA and the DOJ article. But we did see this quarter a little bit of a continuation of what we've seen in the last couple of quarters, where the market is in that sort of flat to down here in the U.S. and it's modestly outside the U.S.
William Hawkins: I want to just maybe add one comment, maybe just an inference of your previous question, Bob, in terms of just sort we're not going to give guidance on the outlook for next year, but I would just remind you that we do feel very good about kind of our new product portfolio. And as we get through the warning letters, the CRDM, with the Protecta, and now with MRI here in the U.S., we the think that that's going to be established. A lot of the new products that we've just now launched, the Endurant, the AF, are off to a very good start, so we're excited about the CoreValve. I mean, there is just a lot in the pipeline and the Neuro side as well as we get to the warning letter and InterStim valve. I mean, we're making the tough decisions in the restructuring to position ourselves to deliver profitable growth, and we feel that we've got a good pipeline that's going to enable us to accelerate growth for next year.
William Hawkins: Well, we said big picture, we think that we can see emerging markets becoming 20% of our mix for the next five years. I mean, it has been growing 20-plus percent for the last number of quarters if not number of years. Yes, that was a good quarter. China contributed approximately $30 billion of incremental revenue year-on-year, and it represents almost 3% of our total Medtronic revenue now. China is, again, we have said this for the last year or so, I mean, we've been making over the last several years big investments to take advantage of what we think -- we think that China will be a very strong market for years to come. India is a bit behind, but we're seeing very good growth rate in India. Latin America is doing very well. So it's really pretty balanced across many of the overall emerging markets. And so if you look at today, again, as I've said in my commentary, roughly 9% to 10% percent of our revenue has come out of the emerging markets and we expect that to almost double the next five years.
William Hawkins: There's a bit of a flywheel effect here, particularly on the spine side, when you're making big investments in the capital to the instruments sets it's to get out there to drive the procedures and in we commented in the last quarter or so that we've been investing in the instrument sets and we're now getting those into the field, which are going to drive the procedures. And where we have the sets and where we are in the account, we're seeing very good growth. And so we are very optimistic that Solera is going to be a terrific product platform for us. But it's not just Solera, I mean, the TSH 3Dx [TSRH 3Dx], the VERTEX SELECT, as well as even some of the DLIF products. I mean, DLIF had a another very strong quarter, so we're very encouraged by the momentum that's building particularly on the spine side. On the pacing side, again, I want to make sure that people understand, there's a big difference in the U.S. and the o U.S. in terms of what the we think of the opportunity for Revel. I mean, Revel is doing well in the European markets. But remember, Revel is dual chamber only and in Europe the dual chamber is roughly 50%, a little bit less of the total market. In the U.S., dual chamber is 80% and the same thing for active fixation leads, which in Europe is roughly 50% in the U.S. active fixation which is what we have MRSA is 80%. I was in the field last week on Friday with a few of our reps and I can just tell you, there's tremendous excitement and enthusiasm about MRSA. I think it's a different opportunity here in the U.S. than what we've seen in markets outside U.S. and we're pretty bullish that this is going to be a product platform. As I made a comment, sort of like what we saw with the Activitrax years ago, this is going to enable us to gain real meaningful share.
William Hawkins: On the pacing side, we do think that there's real value in this product and again we're only out there for a week and we are seeing that customers are rewarding us with a premium for this product. So anyway, we think that, that will offset, yes, the dynamics of kind of market growth and it will see that our growth will be positive with Revel .
William Hawkins: Yes, the same thing. In the spine side, we're probably less of a premium on the Solera on a relative basis. But it's really, in this case, we're using Solera to actively go after market share.
William Hawkins: Yes. We were encouraged that the FDA approved the MRI Safe. And I was actually in the FDA again last week, and again, I am consciously optimistic that we're going to see the warning letters get lifted and we'll be able to get these products on the market, as I said, a while ago sooner rather than later. But we've done -- we've completed all the follow-ups with the FDA. And we've been meeting with the FDA in a regular basis. And so again, I remain optimistic that this is going to happen sooner rather than later.
William Hawkins: It's all about new products. And again, as a made a comment on the Revo MRI, I mean, we think that that's going to -- will enable us to bring the price back up. The same thing on Solera, less so -- but again, when we bring out new products, that's our opportunity to really sort of move the price back up. And so I mean, as we replenish -- as we continue to bring fourth new products that we've been investing in, that's going to help us to offset some of the price pressures.
William Hawkins: So again I mentioned, the real addressable market for us is about 80% of the market because that's the dual chamber and active fixation. And I'm not going to give you a projection. The only thing I would say, Rick, is what I say to our people. I mean, why would you not want an MRI Safe pacemaker if it's available? I mean, given the fact that we know that roughly 70% of the people who get pacemakers are going to need an MRI Safe. So I just think and this is a different environment here, the whole issue of liability and everything else, I mean, the forces are in place that really draw the adoption of this kind of therapy. So I'm fairly bullish that this is going to be a real big opportunity for us.
William Hawkins: It's in the same range. It's up 25% to 30%. So it's -- the DLIF is doing well and we're bringing on new instrument sets, which are going to, we think, even make more competitive. And on the pricing, we haven't seen major changes in the overall spine market. If you go back a few years ago, we saw price increases, and now we're in that flat to modestly down. But again, it's all predicated on bringing out new technologies. And with what we have in the pipeline, we're comfortable that we're going to be able to manage through this very well with Solera, with the TSRH 3Dx, with the VERTEX SELECT, with the T2 ALTITUDE, I mean, the whole product portfolio.
William Hawkins: Okay. With that, just again, thank you for your interest in Medtronic, and especially for your support during my leadership tenure and wishing each one of you all the very best. Thanks a lot.
Gary Ellis: Matt, this is Gary. Overall, as you said, while we've see clearly both that both CRDM and Neuro -- let me address each one this individually. CRDM, as you indicated, we've maintained share in certain markets. We lost a little share this quarter in some of the international market more so than anything else. We are excited about the new products. I think we within CRDM, as far as market share goes, we are seeing the impact of Protecta and the MRI SureScan product are having an impact both in international markets and we're excited about getting those in the U.S. So we think that will help not only maintain our share and potentially gain share but also stabilize pricing as we've talked about. So I think on the CRDM -- and then we've talking about obviously, in the international markets, specially in Europe, where we lost share was in the Value segments and we're launching a couple of new products in that category to stabilize that share and gain share back in the European marketplace. Japan, as you said, we've lost share in the last couple years in various categories, part of that was obviously related to the Fidelis. It was more of an impact in Fidelis in that marketplace probably more than any other. But I think recently, here, what we've seen is the new products, the Protecta that I mentioned we're going to be launching in Japan will clearly have an impact in our ability to, again, maintain share in Japan and regain some share direction. So in CRDM, we've been stabilized, these new products are important and we are seeing the benefits of those where they are launched. Neuro's the same way. We need to get some of the new products approved and RestoreSensor is important not only in the U.S. but also other indication for fecal incontinence in the InterStim product lines. That will certainly drive that business because InterStim and DBS for, in the Neuromodulation business, continue to do very, very well. It's been Pain Stim where we've been struggling a little bit. That's also been part of the market issue. The market has been somewhat soft also on Pain Stim. But we would expect RestoreSensor -- we're seeing that help us maintain a share in the European markets and when we can launch that in the U.S., I think that will actually help us drive share also here in the U.S.
Gary Ellis: We really don't at this point, Matt. It's too early to tell. We're still assessing where the employees are even at as far as geographically and what the impact of that is all going to be. So we really don't have any estimate at this point of what the charge would be.
Gary Ellis: Well, this is Gary again. Again, we don't have the details on exactly what that amount is going to be. As we talked about it, the effort we're trying to do here is just kind of an ongoing part of our overall process to leverage the organization and making sure that we are driving efficiency throughout the company. We also are obviously acknowledging the fact that our markets are somewhat softer than we've had to readdress the infrastructure to reduce it to where our market growths are at this point in time. What that savings is at this level, we don't have any estimate for that. We will by the time we put together in our Q4 earnings call, we'll have a better estimate. But again right now, all we know is between 1,500 and 2,000 employees.
Gary Ellis: Well, the obsolescence charges, I mean, the good news about -- as we are launching some new products, the Endovascular, Endurant product we mentioned, some the other products, the Solera, we have some set costs but the impact of launching new products means that you have some old products that are becoming obsolete. And so the reality is, we had some charges in Cardiovascular business related to some of those new products and also a little bit in the spine area. In addition, we had some of acquisition costs. As we pull in the acquisition, there's a step-up in purchase accounting you have to do and then there's some inventory adjustments as we brought some of these new acquisitions that were impacting the quarter and obviously, those would've been also in spine and CV where some of acquisitions are at. So it's primarily in those two businesses where we saw the one-time charges.
Gary Ellis: The reality is with the RDN dilution. What we're saying is again the $3.38 to $3.40. So if you just do the math, you're absolutely right, that you'll end up with basically, I think, more around the $0.93 is where you're going to end up. Because I think the consensus right now is $0.95 when you take the RDN dilution in place, it kind of gets to that $0.93.
Gary Ellis: Well, as far as the restructuring and where it's at, again, we're not going to get specific about which businesses or which geographies or even which kind of a function we'll be addressing, but it's coming across the company. I mean, we're going to evaluate our employee complement across the organization and determine where we need to make some adjustments overall. You can obviously assume from the standpoint of -- as we look at this, there are some markets and some businesses that are growing very dramatically. So whether it's emerging markets or some of these emerging therapies or obviously in some of the acquisitions, that's not where we're going to be primarily focused. It's going to more on those businesses and geographies, developed markets, for example, where it's been a little slower where the markets have slowed down. But that's all what we're going to say at this point in time. And again, it's primarily going to be focused on infrastructure cost, not to say that there won't be some impact on sales or R&D side but the fact of the matter is it's primarily infrastructure related to all of those as we're trying to focus on as we go forward. With respect to the pretax earnings and the competition really of all the things happening in the tax line here this quarter, overall, yes, we did expect that our pretax earnings to be a little bit higher as we went through the quarter and the primary surprise was really on that gross margin as I've mentioned earlier. We would've expected as a mentioned in my comments the gross margin to be closer to 75.5% to 75.6%. So that was a little bit of a surprise that we had not expected, so that impacted us. The other thing that's a compounding issue on the pretax side and kind of complicating the whole issue is this Puerto Rico excise tax issue I mentioned earlier, which is actually reducing our pretax profits but then there's a credit on the tax line itself. That's the accounting that basically the accounting firms have come up with for all of us that are operating in Puerto Rico are going to have to do. And so that complicates a little bit, even your pretax, what's the growth rate or in this case, as you've said, a slight decline from where we've been at previously. So from our perspective, that's something we're going to have -- the Puerto Rico tax thing is just something we're going to have to deal with going forward and it's going to be re-class between pretax and after-tax numbers. So overall, that's kind of explaining what's going on. Now back to the restructuring, that's the intent of the restructuring. We obviously, are seeing that our pretax earnings are not where we need them to be. We need to continue in these little bit slower markets. We're going to have to take some cost out. And that's what we're attempting to do here and so we're getting ahead of the game in trying to address that as we move into FY '12.
Gary Ellis: Again, Bob, I'm not give any guidance on FY '12 as far as what our guidance would be right at this point in time. We haven't given any guidance previously for FY '12 and so I'm not at this point either. We'll do that in our Q4 earnings call. There were a lot of moving parts here in the quarter especially on the tax rate and the other income and expense has been complicated by this Puerto Rico excise tax issue. I think some of the things that you saw on the quarter, the retroactive, obviously, R&D credit et cetera, will be just based on the rate going forward. So it's not going to get catch-up, you'll just have it in the rate adjustment. So I think that there's nothing that occurred here in the quarter that necessarily changes my outlook for FY '12 and that's, Bob, the only thing I can tell you at this point in time. But we're not going to give any guidance at this level as far as what is appropriate for FY '12.
Gary Ellis: Overall, from a standpoint on foreign exchange, Overall, right now, we see that relatively flat year-on-year. We've hedged for next year, a big portion of where we're at. We don't see a big headwind, we don't see a big benefit basically. We're hedged at rates that are relatively close to where we're at here in the current year. We're not completely hedged but where the rates are right now, I'd feel pretty comfortable that there's not a big change here. On the tax rate itself, as we indicated, our overall effective tax rate, ignoring this Puerto Rico tax issue right now, would've been more around the kind of in the 21% range and we think that's probably still going to be appropriate going forward. But again, this Puerto Rico excise tax thing will have an impact on probably reduced net effective tax rate as you look at it by about three percentage points as you go move ahead, because you're going to have $25 million to $30 million a quarter coming through the tax that's offsetting the other income and expense line item. So we have to go through the calculations and figure out, but my guess is we get into next year, you're going tax rates that -- effective tax rate that's closer to the high teens. And we'll give you more details beginning into year.
Gary Ellis: Well, again, from our perspective, obviously, a lot of this will go to the bottom line. We do this as we focus -- we don't think about these costs necessary dropping to bottom line. We're taking a look at our entire cost structure and say, "What investments do we need to make?" "What kind of profitability or improvement do we need to have and where do we need to see the leverage occurring?" And then we'd back into where we do think we have opportunities to reduce our overall infrastructure costs. So overall, what you could assume by doing these things that yes you will see more leverage in the P&L as we move forward. And so that will clearly impact and have a benefit dropping to the bottom line. But these continue to be activities that we take to make sure we're achieving our objectives on delivering the profits to our shareholders but also to ensure that we can make the investments to drive the growth in some of the markets that we've been talking about, both the emerging therapies and some of the emerging markets geographically. So it's a combination.
Gary Ellis: Yes, but in overall profit margins, as we've said before, international and profit margins are basically the same as they are in the U.S. and emerging market is the same way. I mean, in total, they're basically consistent with where we're at across the company. Obviously, it will vary by market, but in general, the emerging markets have a profit margin that's very consistent with the corporate level.
Gary Ellis: Just to add to Bill's comment. The only thing I would add to what he had said is the only thing you have to remember is we do see new technologies adopted quicker generally across the board in the U.S. And the reason that is to some extent is outside the U.S. especially in the European markets, you have these tenders and everything else that you have to get things to be a part of and just takes a little bit longer process to get the products into the marketplace and then really have an impact. But clearly in the U.S., we tend to see new products start off quicker, and back to Bill's point, we really do believe that specially with the MRI SureScan that, that clearly will be well received in this marketplace.
Gary Ellis: This is Gary. Again, from an overall, as I've mentioned, we think the market growth rate overall, has been stable the last three quarters, kind of an at 3% to 4% range. If you take a look at our Core Metal Constructs, we grew 2% this quarter. And as Bill mentioned with Solera and everything else, we think as we go through Q4 here and we enter into FY '12, we will be back to market growth.
Gary Ellis: Overall, Physio-Control's gross margins and operating margins are probably some of the lower ones in company overall and clearly below the company's average, so that will be accretive from the standpoint of our overall margins. Again, the primary reason we've talked about the strategically divesting this business talked about even two or three years ago is, we just think actually Physio-Control, strategically, is not benefiting Medtronic as much as we would like to see with that business. But more importantly, we think that they alone being spun off or divested can do much better with themselves. It's just hard for them to -- because of those margin issues I just mentioned, it's hard for them to ever kind of compete against the investments we have to make. And so overall, we think this is better for them. It's better for the company in general. And we've talked about this. This has been a strategic decision that we've made a long time ago, but we want to get through the making sure the business was back and running effectively and it is. It's a nice business. But I think it'll be better if we divested from the company.
Gary Ellis: Well, as you said, yes, we are, beginning of April, anniversary-ing against those Japan price cuts which were probably the most felt in CRDM and also on cardiovascular. In general, the entire Cardiac and Vascular business is probably where they had the biggest impact, but CRDM and then on the Cardiovascular side. So that will clearly benefit those two businesses because Japan, as we've seen all year, has been either flat to down primarily because of those ASP pressures and that will clearly help them as they go into next year. We won't have those tough comparisons that they'll be dealing with. Overall, on pricing pressures, as Bill mentioned, we've seen the pricing pressures being somewhat stable over the last several quarters. However, from our perspective, with these new products and the innovation, we think that will actually help minimize some of the pricing pressures we've seen. So going forward, we would expect to see not quite as dramatic pricing pressures as we probably saw this last year for Medtronic in general.
Gary Ellis: Well, again, what we would have said that the normal rate for Q3, for ongoing rate would be around 75.6% to 76% and that's the reason that we still feel comfortable. We're not saying we're going to increase our gross margins from where they're at, we just won't have the one-time items we have in this quarter. But overall, Rick, I would tell you that, yes, we think, as we mentioned during the call here, we do think that the new products will have an impact on stabilizing the gross margin and potentially giving us a little bit of an uptick because at the same time, we're coming out with these products, we continue to focus on taking product costs out. So if we can maintain pricing pressures and minimize those and take product cost out, obviously, that gives us the benefit. There's no question that we have things that are pushing it back a little bit the other way. Some of the acquisitions, the mix is such that their gross margins are quite as high as some of the other product lines. So it's a combination. There's a lot of moving parts in the gross margin overall. But what we're trying to get at is, really, on an ongoing basis, we think our gross margins still are running between 75.5% and 76% and we think we continue to maintain those as we go through the fourth quarter and we would hope as we get into the future years.
