Bill Hawkins: Exactly. Our new products are clearly gaining traction. The TSHR 3Dx as we talked about had about 8% growth, the Vertex Select around 12% and our DLIF grew with the CLYDESDALE grew 35%. So they’re beginning to get some momentum and Solera, as we discussed, is in a limited number of accounts. It is showing very strong acceptance and growth and so we look to the back half of this year with Solera to enable us to move towards that market growth by the end of the year.
Bill Hawkins: So as we indicated, we are still waiting to hear back from the FDA, so we can’t really estimate the timing, but we -- in our assumptions is -- we are not going to -- we don’t have Revo MRI, the InterStim bowel really nor Protecta. So, they are pretty much out of the numbers that we have given.
Bill Hawkins: No, not at this point, I mean, we obviously were encouraged. We thought that the panel got it right, but we haven’t heard anything back yet.
Bill Hawkins: Well, as I said, we did see some relative stability, we are seeing July and October. And then secondly, we do have Osteotech that’s now contributing to our numbers, so that’s going to help us a little bit. But as I said , we see relative stability in the overall market . I mean, it clearly took a dip in the summer, but from what we can see in the last couple of months -- we think it’s in that sort of low-single digit, 3% to 4% range.
Bill Hawkins: The -- some of the recent issues around the payer has been on a -- more on the lumbar, the DDD, the degenerative disc disease, the lumbar fusion without the radiating pain. And that’s actually a fairly small segment of the overall spine business and particularly for us, it’s roughly 5% of our business.
Bill Hawkins: You know, you are right. We are cautiously optimistic that we are going to be able to get this by the end of the year end. We are in discussions with the FDA right now. We haven’t heard anything about a panel, so the assumption is that it will not come into play. On the Ablation Frontiers, at this point, it is going to be beyond obviously the Cryo, but we are in active discussions with the FDA and really can’t – it’s hard for us to sort of put a forecast at this juncture.
Bill Hawkins: Well, our estimates of the international pacemaker market is sort of in that negative 3% range and as it relates to the Advisa with MRI safe, actually it’s been proven to be a little bit more difficult in terms of just the training that we need to go through because it’s a new lead and so I think we underestimated initially the importance of what it was going to take to kind of train people there. So, on the other hand, if we look at right now it’s growing, kind of, month by month. And then finally, you remember in terms of just how big this is going to be, it’s only dual chamber and it doesn’t impact replacements. So, overall we are seeing good month-to-month growth in the uptake of this.
Bill Hawkins: Well, in terms of leaders, our cardiovascular business, the pacing side of our CRDM and I think eventually the defibs will have more of an impact. The diabetes is -- and then the spine business I think are the leaders. In terms of what is probably going to lag is some of the Neuromodulation technologies. Also one of the leaders by the way is Surgical Technologies, actually in China, with the incidence of trauma. That has been an important market for us. But, so I would say Surgical Technologies, the stent business, the heart valves and pacemakers, spine, diabetes, those are all the leaders. And then I think it is really more Neuromodulation, to some degree ICDs are the ones that will be a little bit later coming.
Bill Hawkins: Yeah. This is Bill. On the ramp-up in Europe, I mean, it is really too early for us to comment on what that looks like. I mean we are, -- obviously just announced the deal last night. But we have got to figure out the impact of leveraging our current distribution on top of what they were doing. So we will get back at some point in the near future and give you a little bit more guidance on kind of what that looks like.
Bill Hawkins: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Rick. So, you’re right. There has been a lot of reshaping of the business over the last few years, recognizing the opportunities on a global basis for the chronic disease area which we are in and realizing -- we know that over time markets kind of reach certain maturity levels. We have been planning to find ways of further diversifying our portfolio and leveraging, if you will, the strong footprint that we have. And we clearly see the CRDM business and the spine business as very important platforms for us. And there are areas in those businesses that we are going to invest in to expand our business, whether it is in clinical studies like RAFT or whether it is in adjacent technologies like atrial fibrillation. But we are not counting on those businesses to provide the real upside growth. We are really working to identify some of the new spaces like transcatheter valves, like InterStim, like the Ardian. We have been tracking this for some time and we think this is a huge opportunity in the space of hypertension. So the strategy is to basically protect and optimize, if you will, sort of the base business and then use our scale in terms of global footprint to be able to move into adjacent areas, to generate market-leading performance. And then from an operational point of view, we are doing some things to be able to take advantage of the breadth of Medtronic with the recent restructuring, with Mike having the Cardiac and Vascular businesses. And we are moving forward to really look at how we can take costs out of that breadth of portfolio. And likewise, with Chris on the Restorative Therapies Group, there’s a lot of opportunities for us to do some things to, one, get synergies in front of the customer, but also to be able to take cost out. So big picture, we are going to protect and optimize our existing base and then invest disproportionally in emerging markets and emerging therapies.
Bill Hawkins: So the emerging therapies is roughly close to $2 billion on an annual basis. It is a bit -- so that is the emerging therapies. And then on the emerging markets, it is closer to $1 billion, a bit more than $1 billion. So those -- and in terms of emerging therapies, in terms of the growth, it will be a combination of organic as well as adjacent tuck-ins. Ardian is a great example and that has potential to be, as we all know, very big when you consider the sort of the unmet clinical need there and Transcatheter valves, when we get to the U.S. and some of the -- and atrial fibrillation, which we again are excited about here for the U.S. So there is a lot of upside when you look at AF, when you look at transcatheter valves, you look at Ardian, you look at even some of the things we are doing in the Neuromodulation space with InterStim. We believe the [subcu] diagnostics, that has been growing very, very well and we are investing there. So this is clearly where we are putting a lot of focus to get long-term growth.
Bill Hawkins: In Japan, we got approval earlier in the year, but we just recently have gotten -- we are getting reimbursement which will not kick in I think until the January kind of timeframe. So Kyphon Japan, as we said all along we think long-term, there is a big market opportunity there. But the ramp -- this is a major market development opportunity because they don’t do a lot of vertebral compression fractures. They don’t do a lot of vertebroplasty in Japan. So we have got to really help develop this overall market. On the pump, the drug pump, we think here too this is a platform technology for us, that we are in fact developing a new implantable pump. But the existing business, one, it’s being held back a little bit because today there is not very good reimbursement for refilling pumps. And so we have seen a shift from pumps to neurostim and that has been hurting the pump side and has been picked up a little bit on the neurostim side.
Bill Hawkins: Yeah. We are very excited about the data out of RAFT, which does expand into that mildly symptomatic population, the Class II heart failure patients, which have not been indicated. So we are going to combine RAFT and REVERSE and the MADIT and we are moving forward to file an indication as soon as possible. I think if you layer on top of that the work that we are continuing to do on the Joint Commission, we think we are going to be able to impact the market over the next couple of years.
Bill Hawkins: Yeah. So, on the neurostim business, the product that we are really excited about is the RestoreSensor which is just now available in Europe and we are seeing very good traction in Europe. That should be available in the U.S. Mid FY ‘12 is our estimate. So that, we think is going to be a really -- the platform for us to have real differentiation from a technology point of view. If you look at this quarter I would say that on the pain stim in the U.S., our share was relatively flat. The market we believe softened a little bit because of just some of the things we talked about with the economy. If you look outside the U.S., with our competitors coming in on the DBS side, we saw a little bit more competition there. But in the U.S. we had very good quarter on DBS. So you put it all together, our performance has been stable. But we believe we have the portfolio to be able to put ourselves back into a strong share-gaining position over the next 12 to 24 months.
Bill Hawkins: Well, we said all along particularly in Europe we remain cautious about what is happening there. I mean as Gary mentioned with some of the economic challenges in countries like the U.K. and Greece, there is -- we are kind of keeping a close eye there. But no, we go back to -- the underlying demand for our products is not changing. In fact, in many markets the governments are most reluctant to want to impact, if you will, the benefits. And so we remain cautiously optimistic that the demand will stay strong and that we will get through this macroeconomic bubble that we are in right now.
Bill Hawkins: Yeah. I mean, I agree with Gary. I mean if you look at on the Endovascular side, we are very optimistic about the Endurant AAA which we think will really help us to grow market share and grow the market. And then on the ICD side, again, we’re working our way through the warning letter. But when Protecta gets into the market, we think Protecta is going to give us a very strong competitive position and same thing for Revo MRI. So we have got -- we are positioning ourselves to be able to not only influence the market but really take market share back. So, let me be mindful of the time here and just before we close, just to reiterate that again Q2 results, we do believe reflected relative stability in a challenging kind of healthcare market. And during this time of softer growth we remain focused as I discussed on our core strategies of growth and on innovation. In this quarter we continued to generate strong growth in emerging markets and from our emerging therapies. We gained, as I mentioned, share on many of our markets including CRDM and Spine. In addition our strategy of making smart, disciplined and opportunistic tuck-ins is working. And we are very excited and look forward to the addition of Ardian and this multi-billion dollar opportunity. Going forward, we will continue to leverage our financial strength including our strong free cash flow generation to fuel disciplined investment and return to our shareholders. And our broad portfolio, our rich pipeline, our strong global footprint and our world-class capabilities and talent we believe position on us very well to deliver market-leading performance over the long run. So, with that, let me wish each and everyone of you a happy Thanksgiving and we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Gary Ellis: I would say, Matt, overall as we indicated in our comments the market overall was relatively stable this quarter versus our Q1, but it was somewhat softer in a few markets and that’s why we saw 2% to 3% versus maybe 3% to 4% we saw last quarter. And the markets you are talking about are the ones that we saw a little bit more softness than what we saw in Q1. Endovascular, there was a little bit more pressure on procedures. Also on our neuromod, the markets were somewhat softer than what we saw in Q1. And we saw little bit more pricing pressure on ICDs in the US than what we saw in Q1. Otherwise, I would say everything else was relatively consistent with what we had in Q1. But, you are right, in those couple of markets it was a little softer than what we would have even seen in Q1.
Gary Ellis: No, we haven’t, Bob and it will be accretive, but obviously we have got to go through a lot of the accounting aspects of this. It depends on when the deal closes. There is going to be transaction cost that obviously are one-time costs related to that, that will offset that gain. So, we haven’t exactly verified that and so I don’t want to go out on a limb on that number at this point in time. By the time we close the transaction, we will obviously have that worked out and understand what the accounting implications are and we will let you know at that point. It is a gain, but at this point of time we just don’t know the magnitude.
Gary Ellis: Well, again, we own 11% of it and from the standpoint of how the accounting rules work now, we have to recognize our gain associated with that and so, again it gets back to what the basis of our investment is, but no, it could be higher than that.
Gary Ellis: No, no. That is not reflected in that guidance as we tried to clarify. None of our guidance reflects anything related to Ardian at this point.
Gary Ellis: And, Mike, Japan does, kind of, distort the overall international growth rates. That is clearly the biggest factor that’s actually driving the growth to be negative. If you took that out you wouldn’t be negative, you would be more in the positive range. We are starting to see some uptick on, as Bill said, on the MRI SureScan is progressing. But it is taking us a little bit longer, especially in Europe, just based on how the adoption rate has been a little bit slower, but we are seeing progress now.
Gary Ellis: Well, obviously it all gets back to timing on when the contracts come due and everything else. You are right, with the dollar shifting as it did during the quarter, that has obviously had some impact obviously going forward and is going to minimize, obviously the gains we had going forward as I mentioned in my comments. But the reality is just on the timing on when these contracts come due we probably got more benefit in this quarter just because of the timing on when the dollar did start to weaken overall. So, I can’t say anything other than that. We hedged, as I talked about in -- out in several quarters, we got some good rates over a year, year and a half ago in the quarter we were in and but it’s part timing, partly just with the rates we did have for this quarter. And going forward, it won’t be near the benefit. So, I think it’s more of a timing item than anything else.
Gary Ellis: Yeah. I mean obviously, as I indicated in my comments SG&A was a little bit higher than we had even estimated. Although we had expected, because of the investment we are making in some of these new product launches and as we just talked about, one being Solera, we are expecting that, that will be launched here in Q3 and so there is a lot of market development cost going in there. You have, as we talked about with Arctic Front, we are expecting to be launching that product and so there is cost we are incurring getting ready for those market launches overall. So, we have some products coming that we are excited about and we are making those investments. But, probably the biggest factor in the quarter as far as just the percentage overall was just the impact of the acquisitions. As you pull in these acquisitions there is a very large SG&A costs associated with that in many cases. And obviously it takes us until we can get it integrated and we can leverage our infrastructure and manage those costs, it takes us a couple quarters for us to do that. So you’re going to have a higher cost initially and that is why it will start to work down here over the next several, couple quarters as we get ATS, Invatec continues and now with Osteotech, as we get those things worked into our infrastructure and reduce the cost structure overall. The other issue we did have in the quarter as I highlighted in my comments were we did have a higher allowance for doubtful accounts expense than we have been historically seeing, primarily in some of the Eastern European countries and in Russia. So, for example some of the countries where we are seeing some financial difficulties -- for example Greece being the perfect example, we have seen the DSOs extending out. We have seen the pushback on discounting some of the receivables, etc. As a result -- not just for ourselves, this is industry-wide that it’s being going on. So, as a result of that, we had to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts during the quarter more than we would have historically seen. I think it is more of a one-time item, but it did increase our rate a little bit in this quarter. That is now behind us, but that was something we had to do.
Gary Ellis: With respect to the tax rate in our overall guidance, we have all year assumed that the R&D tax credit was going to get extended and that has been in our guidance from the beginning. So, it is still in our guidance, the expectation that we will have that. So that is reflected in our numbers. With respect to the revenue growth, the 2% to 5% that we had talked about previously at the last quarter did take in consideration the extra week. So, we did have that in the numbers when we gave that guidance out previously.
Gary Ellis: It included the impact of the extra week. So it would have basically -- we would have been assuming, if you had an apples-to-apples basis, it would even been a little bit higher than that. So that was a negative impact on our guidance.
Gary Ellis: Yeah. And as far as the trials, I mean going forward, obviously again we just signed the deal. We now have to go and close this and we will have to be working with the FDA. We haven’t had any conversations ourselves with them. So obviously Ardian has -- we understand their discussions. But again give us some time to have these conversations to close the deal and then we will have a better sense on those trials at that point.
Gary Ellis: Well, just quickly with respect to Physio-Control, obviously Physio-Control is doing well. We have indicated previously that we are going to let that business obviously get back and operate and highlight how well it can do, which obviously we saw in this quarter, get it back to profitability and then take a look at -- obviously as we have discussed previously strategically spinning the business out. But that is not -- as we indicated that was not going to occur in FY ‘11. We were going to let it operate here in FY ‘11. So we will evaluate that as we get to FY ‘12.
Gary Ellis: And just to add to that last comments, what I would -- the other thing I would add is what we have seen is, even though there is somewhat the softness in the markets, innovation still does drive these markets. And back to your comment even on Endovascular, part of the reason we’re still seeing strong growth in Endovascular outside the U.S. is because the new products have been launched. And we’re getting ready to launch new products here in the U.S. which we think will actually help re-accelerate the market. So the reality is even though there is softness and pushback on some of the procedures, innovation still drives these markets. And these new product launches we are talking about we think will help us get these markets growing back to what we would have maybe historically expected as we work through these macroeconomic conditions.
