Geoff Martha: Thank you, Omar. And you didn't just play a role, you played a major role. And as you step away as CEO, you're leaving us well positioned to thrive. The list of your accomplishments is long and meaningful, but to list a few that come to mind when I think of your legacy: well, first you doubled the size of this company, and you inspired our global employees to think differently, to think bigger. And you're the only CEO other than our Co-Founder, Earl Bakken, to be inducted into the company's Bakken Society which is the highest technical honor at Medtronic. You've created value for our shareholders, you got our whole industry to focus on value-based healthcare, and importantly, you operationalized the mission in everything we do, which led to improving the lives of millions of people over the past 9 years. It's been a pleasure and an honor working with you and learning from you.  Finally, I really appreciate all you've done to make this transition a smooth one, and I look forward to continuing to work with you in your Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board roles. Before we start Q&A, I'd like to briefly note that we currently anticipate holding our Q1 earnings call on Tuesday, August 25th. We've also postponed our biennial Institutional Investor and Analyst Day as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This was originally scheduled for next month, and we'll let you know the date once it's scheduled. Let's now move on to Q&A. In addition to Karen, Omar, and me, we also have our four group presidents: Mike Coyle, Bob White, Brett Wall, and Sean Salmon, here to answer your questions. As usual, we want to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question, and if necessary, a related follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call.  Operator, first question please.
Geoff Martha: Let me walk, there's several components to the answer. First, I got to start off with our financial position going into the crisis, I mean having a strong balance sheet makes a huge difference and lets us lead into this whole crisis and play offense. And the actions that we took during the crisis, right, specifically, you mentioned some of them, to support our employees and -- through benefits programs and protecting our reps’ incentive compensation, especially they’re highly leveraged representatives, sales reps in United States and providing all of those safety measures et cetera, et cetera, so that they have both -- protecting their health but also reducing anxiety during this time. That makes a big difference. And these employees’ morale right now is really high. And we -- I'm sure we'll get questions on this later. But we do see this strong early signs of the recovery, and our employees are ready to go without distraction, and they've used -- that we've used this time wisely. So I think they're ready to go and it's going to continue for us. Because after all, innovation and commercialization is still a people game. And our customers, okay, so the same with our customers. And we spent a lot of time partly because we were able to reduce employees’ anxieties, they could stay focused on our mission, our patients and our customers. And we spent a lot of time I mentioned in the commentary with our customers, and it was a different dialogue. It wasn't just selling our therapies and their features which are great, but it was really how can we help them through this pandemic? And how can we help them come out the other side.  And the dialogue we're having with customers is what I'm wanting to have since I've been here, I hate it when they call us vendors, suppliers. I hate those words. But now we're sitting down with them and they really are -- they're using the word partner and then they're backing it up and really engaging us in their recovery plans and relying on us in their recovery plans. And so we've put a lot -- we've been developing several programs that I really want to get into some of the details of those, because I do think they're unique, and I think they’re competitive advantage. But things around patient confidence, protecting healthcare workers, hospital productivity, these are things we're putting in place with our larger partners in particular, but we think we've scaled these to even smaller hospitals, and it's really building momentum.  So that's another component of it and then it's our pipeline. So our pipeline going into this was strong. We talked about it on the commentary, a lot of these products -- now as we emerge, a lot of these products are hitting. We got a lot of approvals coming out. We mentioned the Micra and cardiac rhythm, the Cobalt and Crome approval, LINQ 2 just got approved in Europe. Percept PC and DBS which coming from -- and the InterStim Micro and Pelvic Health. Coming from RTG myself, I mean these have been a long time coming and we sacrificed a whole lot to get these things out and really excited.  We also have Stimgenics in pain, the recent acquisition, some ENT products, DiamondTemp and AFS and EU. So there’s wave of products hitting the market at a great time. And then specifically though, how these products are positioned during this pandemic, the whole remote programming, remote monitoring capabilities that before were important but now are like critical, right? And I'm listening hospitals talk about making this standard-of-care. And in fact, if and I'd say when that happens, we are well -- we're in a best position in the marketplace for that. And then secondarily, are hyper focused on complications because they don't want patients coming back. And we're very well positioned there as well with things like Micra and TYRX and I can go on. So those are the big ones.  And I started with the financial condition and I'm going to end with that one again. I think it's worth mentioning twice the fact that we have a strong balance sheet. If you add all that up -- and we're feeling good about how we come out of this thing. And so we can debate how big the pie -- when the pie gets back to the normal size, but if we don't have a bigger slice of that pie, I'm going to be disappointed.
Geoff Martha: The short answer is, yes. I think it is a good time to do M&A, as you mentioned, asset prices are down. It doesn't mean that we lower our standards. I just think again we can play offense. And I think our focus remains the same on tuck-ins. That can -- tuck-in acquisitions that can -- but I'm a little more partial to the tuck-ins that are more meaningful and can actually affect our growth rate, our long-term growth rate. Like I said, we don't buy growth, we grow what we buy. And so that's what we're focused on. And like I said, there are some are some opportunities that at least I felt personally were out of our reach, too expenses before this and now we're kind of more in line with what we think are reasonable returns for those investments. So, yes.
Geoff Martha: Yes, I think this is obvious, but I can't help myself from stating this that, from a revenue perspective, in particular Q1 is markedly worse than Q4, because of the extra five to six weeks of impact, but we are seeing early signs of recovery. It may be too early to extrapolate that all throughout the year, but we're seeing faster than we anticipated, especially in Europe and U.S. And for sure Q1 is the trough.
Geoff Martha: And yes, I am -- coming in this new role, I definitely have even more of appreciation for the cash flow and I'm a little forgiving of all the grief that Karen gave you about generating more cash flow in my prior role, I am thanking her now for that. But when it comes to M&A, we're not going to be watchful and waiting to see how COVID plays out or the economy. I mean that -- we believe that the healthcare and medtech, the areas that we're in like we said earlier are going to come back and Karen indicated earlier in the call that we believe by our Q4 that our revenue growth on a two year stacked basis will be back to normal levels in profitability.  So I mean, we feel like this is a hit. Obviously, it’s a very difficult financial impact for everybody. But we do feel bullish on the future here of the market and then us as well. So we won't hold back to those reasons. And like I said earlier in the call we're looking for -- mainly focused on tuck-in deals that are going to create long-term improvements to our weighted average market growth rate and allow us to -- there position us strategically. So tuck-in deals are what we're looking for. I tend to prefer it -- we'll do various sizes, like $1 billion, that range because it has a bigger impact on our growth rate. So that's what we're looking for. And for sure the virus’ impact on the markets and prices, asset prices has, is going to help -- is going to make certain assets more attractive. I hope that helps, hopefully answers your question.
Geoff Martha: I wouldn't say it changes by the business areas. I mean the -- you mentioned -- we are going to be making investments, more investments in remote capabilities of our product and of our business model, quite frankly. So whether it'd be remote programming of devices, remote monitoring of devices, remote case support, digital medical education and things like that. So investing, this is an area where I think Medtronic as a company, as an enterprise, this is an area we can add value to our different business units by making investments like these that can scale across a lot of them.  Whether that's -- I don't know that, that needs to be M&A, there are some opportunities there that we're looking at, that are more around that that whole idea of remote, but also just organic investments and partnerships with large and small technology companies. Like I mentioned in the commentary, I mean I was really blown away by how some of these other companies can augment our technologies, like whether it be Intel or there's a lot of smaller companies as well, augmenting our capabilities to be more virtual, to be more remote. And so I think the partners -- some partnership opportunities there. So in the virtual area, it's -- the remote areas, it's organic investment, partnerships, including partnerships with other companies, and potentially some other things as well. That's one area that I would argue has definitely increased in terms of our focus. But nothing I wouldn't -- I can't think of anything that between the different businesses.
Geoff Martha: Thanks, Bob. And the last thing I’d say to that, Pito, is we also have a business that does remote patient monitoring. We do a lot of remote patient monitoring for chronic comorbid patients in the VA in the United States. And that business has really gotten an uptick of interest, and we’re positioning it more strategically to support patients in the pandemic so -- in a number of ways.
Geoff Martha: Well, Larry, maybe I’ll start on the first question, and I might ask Mike Coyle to comment a little bit, too, and then we’ll turn it over to Bob for the robot question. I’d say on the -- in terms of the recovery and the procedures, the recovery -- in summary, I say this kind of makes sense for us in terms of the rates of the recovery. The therapies and products that are more urgent, if you will, or less deferrable are definitely coming back faster, like neurovascular and RTG, TAVR Mike mentioned, stents, cardiac rhythm, they’re coming back faster. And then the more deferrable procedures are taking longer, like our pelvic health franchise and RTG, for example. But we’re seeing really strong data coming in on cardiac rhythm for a number of reasons. And maybe, Mike, you can talk to that for a second.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Some of that is the market, and I think some of that, in the case of implantables or CVG implantables is how they’re positioned, with the remote capabilities, the distance programming, for example, and the lower complications, I think that’s helping as well, Larry. So maybe I’ll turn it over to Bob here for the robot question.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. And hey, look, we look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q1’s earning call in August. And so please stay healthy and safe.
Karen Parkhill: Sure, David. Thanks for the question. As Geoff said, we are seeing encouraging and positive signs of recovery right now, particularly in our largest regions of China, the U.S. and Western Europe. That said, as I mentioned, we do expect a full quarter impact in Q1 as opposed to the five to six quarters that we had in -- five to six weeks that we had in Q4. So we are expecting at this stage at least Q1 to be modestly worse in terms of revenue growth than Q4. But we do expect improvement in Q2, and sequential improvement going forward into Q3 and Q4. And by the time we hit Q4, we do expect to be back to more normal revenue growth for us and we'd measure that on a two year stacked basis given a tough year-over-year comparison. In terms of stocking and the extra selling week, I did mention that the extra selling week happened for us the very first week of our quarter, which was the end of April. And obviously, because that was such a depressed time, we're seeing minimal revenue impact from that extra selling week. As we think about stocking, we have said starting last quarter that we intend to focus on driving revenue more evenly throughout our quarter and reducing the amount of full transactions that we have. We'll continue to do that every quarter this year. But we had a good head start obviously in the fourth quarter. 
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for that question, David. In terms of margins, I did mention that we could see sequentially worse gross margins in the first quarter. And that really as we think about the increased expenses due to COVID-19 along with the fact that should we choose to not run some of our manufacturing operations at full capacity, that we will have a potential move to period expensing some of the overhead in those manufacturing plants as opposed to rolling it onto inventory on our balance sheet. And so that may cause margins in the first quarter to be a little bit worse than the fourth quarter. But we would expect to see margin improvement as we move into Q2 and then continued sequential improvement as we move into Q3 and Q4. And by the time we get to Q4, we would expect to be back to more normal margins on a constant currency basis.  As I mentioned, FX has become more of a headwind for us this fiscal year, and really due to the strengthening of the dollar, particularly against emerging market currencies. And at this stage, we're looking at an FX impact of about $0.20 to the bottom-line, which can obviously impact margins too. But we're really seeing good signs of recovery right now. And we're very excited about what the future can hold even beyond FY '21. 
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Bob. I'll just talk about the month of May quickly. We are seeing encouraging signs, and particularly as we look at our largest regions in China and the U.S. and Western Europe. In China, where we had stronger declines in February and March of around 46%, we said we saw April declines of around 21%. And now we're seeing declines in China in the high-teens. So, continued improvement there. And in Western Europe, where we saw declines in April of around 32%. In May, we're seeing declines of around 20%. So again, continued improvement in Western Europe. And in the U.S., the picture is a bit crowded when we look at April because of our bulk purchases, but we're clearly seeing procedural improvement across the U.S. And in May, declines of around 30%, just in the first few weeks of May, which is better than what we had in April. 
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So on your first question, Vijay, on what’s normal in Q4. Obviously, things are uncertain. And so we’re not giving specific guidance, because of that uncertainty. But just as we look forward right now, when we talk about a return to normal growth on a two-year stacked basis, we’re talking about normal around the mid single-digit levels. And so you can expect that on a two-year stack basis. Hopefully that helps.
