Jeff Warren: Thanks, Darla. Good morning, and welcome to Medtronic's fourth quarter conference call and webcast. During the next hour, Gary Ellis, Medtronic's Chief Financial Officer, will provide comments on the results of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011, which ended April 29, 2011. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. First, a few logistical comments. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release containing our financial statements and our revenue-by-business summary. You should also note that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements and that actual results might differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, therefore, we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement. In addition, the reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are available on the Investors portion of our web site at medtronic.com. Finally, unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly or annual results, increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal year 2010, respectively, and all revenue growth rates are given on a constant-currency basis.  With that, I am now pleased to turn the call over to Medtronic Chief Financial Officer, Gary Ellis.
Jeff Warren: It's Jeff. I'd just add that this is pretty similar to -- if you go back to Q1 of FY '07 when the market saw a slowdown. This was pretty similar to what we saw then.
Jeff Warren: And then geographically, this is when we anniversary the R-Zone adjustment from last year, so that's not going to be the headwind that it was in FY '11.
Jeff Warren: But it's fair to say that we're probably at the upper end of the range given the FX impact that we're looking at so far for FY '12.
Jeff Warren: You should also note, David, that we've maintained those margins where you've seen our o U.S. mix go from, over the last 5, 6 years, from 33% of our revenues to now upwards of 43%. So clearly, when you look at the geographic mix, we're able to manage that quite effectively.
Gary Ellis: Yes. Overall, we believe that basically, the bulk deals that we normally do in a quarter were actually about $30 million to $40 million below what we've seen for the past several quarters. It is a reflection, obviously, of what's going on in the implant side of the equation. As I mentioned in my comments, we clearly have seen slowing implants rates across the marketplace. I think as a result of that, hospitals were clearly looking at their inventory levels. We were doing the same thing. There's also, from our perspective, as we were going forward with some of the new products, we're obviously weren't quite as comfortable giving quite the same level of discount on some of the new products. So the fact that we had all these new products in the quarter that -- when the market was somewhat slowing, all led to basically the quarter-end deals that the bulk purchases being less than what we normally would see. We think that is a one-time kind of item that we wouldn't expect that to continue in the future unless, obviously, the market continues to even get softer. But at this point in time, we would expect it's kind of a one-time quarter deal.
Gary Ellis: Yes, we are. I mean, we're assuming that basically, the U.S. market is clearly where we still have struggles in cost even -- all of our businesses even with the guidance that we are giving within CRDM and spine as far as being low to slow growth going forward is primarily because the U.S. market is declining. The international markets, emerging markets, are -- we're still seeing very positive growth. So yes, you would assume in that kind of guidance we provided that the U.S. market would continue to be flat to down and the international markets, the emerging markets, would continue their growth rates.
Gary Ellis: Yes, I think Europe could continue to grow for us. We're still -- we're obviously taking share in many of our product lines in that -- in those areas, and the market is still -- we're still seeing growth in most of the markets in Europe.
Gary Ellis: Well, first of all, I'm glad that you picked up on the CVG growth and what was there because obviously as we talked about our CardioVascular businesses with Endovascular and everything that's going both Structural Heart and the whole Coronary market, we were very, very pleased as you indicated with those results. They had a great quarter and things were very, very well on those businesses. As you said, obviously, what we've seen in the U.S., especially in the ICDs and spine markets, we do believe it's clearly a market issue that's going on and obviously, a little bit impacted by the quarter in bulk purchases. So let me address kind of both -- there's 2 aspects there, what's going on with the market and then what happened with the quarter-end deals. As far as the markets go, I mean, I think we know based on the data we have seen and our own implant data that we have achieved and -- or have and with also data we get from other parties, we're clearly aware of the fact that the implants in the U.S. are down mid- to high single digits. We've seen that over the last -- since January, and that's actually continuing to be declining, and I think that's clear in the marketplace. And I think most people have been seeing that and feeling that. So that is happening and that is going to have an impact in the U.S. ICD market. Overall, pricing actually was actually slightly improved in the market, but clearly, the market on procedures in the U.S. was down, and if we think it's primarily related to, again, the DOJ investigations and the JAMA article. Spine is a little different issue. The market there was relatively stable from where it's been, but it's still kind of in that low-single digit, and we're making some progress with our new products in that marketplace, but it's just taking time to get those all launched and out there in the market and really have the impact we would expect. Now back to the quarter-end deals and the bulk purchases and what -- where that's at. that was basically -- we -- I was kind of expecting that, that might -- some people might be expecting this has something to do with novation with all the publicity around that. Mike, I can honestly tell you, we went through account by account what -- the novation versus non-novation accounts and where that's at, and I'm not saying you can't find one account here or there where there might be an impact, but the reality is, if you look at novation accounts versus non-novation accounts, there is no change in what was going on with both either implant rates or on the quarter-end deals. The reality is the novation noise has not had an impact on our employment rates at this point in time, and maybe there's one or 2 small quarter-end deals, but the reality is that was not unusual for a novation account that was similar to the non-novation accounts, too. So I know that's what the market's going to assume because it's been played out there, but I could tell you, we've done our analysis, and at this point in time, that is not having an impact on our business.
Gary Ellis: Yes. Well, with respect to the restructuring, as I mentioned in my comments, we think the savings related to taking out the approximately 2,000 -- 2,100 employees, as we mentioned, is between $225 million and $250 million of savings related to that. And so that would tie into kind of what you indicated before. Now obviously, that is the amount that's coming out. Obviously, we're making -- we did that so we can make investments to drive some growth in the emerging markets and some of the new technologies like Ardian and transcatheter valve. So it's not just a -- you can't just take a net number and assume that that's the reduction overall. But that is the savings that we are getting as a result of the restructuring that will be reinvested back in the company and to drive the operating leverage I mentioned as I went forward. The second question with respect to guidance and Omar's input to that, obviously, Omar has not started with the company. He will start on June 13, but he -- that guidance is based on what's going on in the market and our overall plan. Omar has seen our plan for FY '12. He’s aware of that. He’s aware of the guidance. We obviously shared with him the guidance that we are providing to you today, so he’s well aware of those -- what we're doing and the guidance we're providing and is supportive of that. But obviously, the guidance we are giving is coming from the management team and the board at this point in time. And Omar, when he comes on board, might have different views later on. But obviously, initially, he's basing his assumptions on the fact that the management has put together an internal -- a plan and a guidance that we plan on achieving.
Gary Ellis: Well, I mean obviously, we're providing guidance that we have every intention on meeting and exceeding going forward, and so that's what you should be taking based on the guidance we are providing at this point. We have kind of taken consideration in the guidance the fact that even though some of the markets are still soft in some areas, as we mentioned with ICDs and spine in the U.S., on the other hand, we have some very exciting new products, and we expect to take share with that as we move ahead. So as a result of that, we're basing that guidance on what we see happening in the markets. We got surprised on our markets declining last year, and we're trying to be somewhat cautious on that until we see where the markets themselves actually go. As far as the leverage, we are driving operating leverage and 80 to 100 basis point improvement in SG&A, that's quite dramatic and that's what we clearly need to focus on. Yes, there's savings that we’re getting from the restructuring, but there's also headwinds that we're going to have to be facing as we make some of the investments. First of all, just for -- on the current year in FY '11, based on our performance, our incentive plans didn't pay out where we would expect them to be going forward. So we're obviously going to have to see an increase in those levels. There's merit increases for the employees that are still at Medtronic, and as I mentioned in my comments, we have some very exciting new technologies and products that we're launching, and whether that's in transcatheter valves or some of the new things on Ardian, but even back to Solera and the Protecta, and Revo MRI SureScan, we need to make sure we make the investments to drive the share that we can get there. So we will continue to focus on leverage as an organization, but we're also going to continue to invest to drive growth in the company.
Gary Ellis: That's correct. I mean, that's -- our assumption is based on what's going on in the markets right now. The markets -- we do believe at some point the markets are going to improve, that we're not going to continue to see them down at these levels. When that occurs, we don't have a crystal ball to be able to predict, and so we're basing on that -- what's happening currently. If we would see the market starting to improve slightly, whether it's in spine or on ICDs, obviously, that would impact our overall guidance.
Gary Ellis: No, overall, we're assuming the prices in the market kind of remain kind of where they -- the pricing pressure remains kind of stable. Actually, we would assume for ourselves we'll actually see a little bit less pricing pressure than what we saw here in FY '11. Again, with all these new products and as I mentioned even on some of the discussion, with all the new products, we are already seeing in this quarter some benefits on the pricing side of the equation. I mentioned within CRDM, MRI Revo and Protecta, we saw pricing actually sequentially up in the ICD and pacing areas in the quarter with almost just limited launches of those new products. Solera has seen a price uplift. So the reality is, for ourselves, because of all the new products, we actually predict pricing will probably be a little bit better than what maybe the markets experiencing
Gary Ellis: I think, obviously with all the noise in the quarter, it's hard to actually predict -- to determine exactly what was going on with the markets themselves. But we did see procedural growth kind of in that mid- to high-single-digit decline. Overall, we're -- going forward, we are kind of assuming mid-single-digit procedural decline in the U.S. Obviously, procedure is increasing outside the U.S. So that's why we're assuming the market is -- continues to be flat-to-down in the U.S. in those assumptions, yes.
Gary Ellis: For the ICD business, probably, overall, because with share we'll take and our pricing uplift, we're probably looking at about flat.
Gary Ellis: The market, we would say the market on U.S. ICDs we expect is down. And then worldwide, we would expect basically also flat, the market would be basically flat.
Gary Ellis: I don't have that number exactly with me. As far as what's in the U.S., we can get back to you on that. But I -- it's obviously would be down more than that because, as we indicated, international was up 6% for us overall across the entire spine business, and I know metal constructs would have also been up. So it would be more than that 1% down. I -- we'll get back to you. I don't have that detail.
Gary Ellis: That's correct. We're assuming basically on the buyback that we would continue at the same levels that we had here in FY '12. And again, obviously, from the standpoint of dividends and the buybacks, we are assuming that we continue the same thing with about 40% to 50% of our free cash flow being returned to our shareholders. As we've said in the past, and that would give you a kind of that $1 billion to $1.1 billion buyback.
Gary Ellis: Well, as we indicated in the comments, basically in Europe, we picked up about a point a share, and in Japan, I believe it will also a about a couple of points a share in those 2 markets. So it's in both where we picked up share on the ICD side of the equation. I think within Europe, as you said, there's several moving components. Actually we're -- and this was sequentially versus the prior quarter, the Cardia and Egida were very important for us to get in the value segment. As we said in the last earnings call, that was an area that we really didn't have a product to compete against the competition with. I think some people were assuming that, that was actually the benefit of the St. Jude lead in the prior quarter, and we firmly believe it was related to this value segment more than anything else. And I think what the results showed in this quarter have highlighted the fact that, yes, that was where the issue was, was more in the value segment. So we were excited of the fact that we did see progress there. And so overall, we basically gained share in that part of the market. Protecta is also gaining share. I think our point is that it was also gaining share in Q3 previously, or so. I think there was actually more noise in the prior quarters because we didn't have a product in the value segment to be really competitive. Now that we do, I think what you're seeing is a true indication of where the market is and the reality is we have some very competitive products now across the full product line overall. In Japan, it was basically we -- with the new products, with getting Protecta in that marketplace, we clearly saw the uplift in that business overall. So again, this market, we're excited about these new products. What we're seeing in Europe and even with the early start what we've seen so far in the U.S. is these products are having an impact in the -- on both market share and in pricing.
Gary Ellis: Okay. Well, let me address the last one first, which is on the leverage component and kind of where we're at. I mean, as we've indicated, we are driving 80 to 100 basis points of SG&A leverage next year. We -- and overall, that we have a little bit of a question on what's going to happen on the gross margin side of the equation as we have some of these new products and some of new technologies that are putting a little bit more pressure on the gross margin line. Obviously, that will be offset with the pricing uplifts we're seeing overall. But we expect to continue to drive leverage in the organization going forward. And you're going to continue to see us taking costs out and shifting it to where some of the faster growing markets are. And then we would also assume, as you start you see some of these new products starting to kick in and not having some of the dilution related to some of the new technologies we have, that you're going to -- that's where you're going to also see some of the leverage as the Ardians and the transcatheter valves and these new products start to have an impact and really accelerate in the market side of -- the revenue side of the equation. Obviously, it's going to have a -- even more impact on the profitability of the organization overall. So we think that not only will you have leverage opportunities in the current FY '12, we think going forward, we'll continue to leverage the bottom line of the company and continue to drive earnings faster than the revenue growth. Back to the first question was...
Gary Ellis: Emerging markets, excuse me. Emerging markets, we would expect the growth, which was about 20% in FY '11, we would expect that same level in FY '12. The markets are continuing to be very, very strong. They're obviously getting these new products. We are continuing to make investments in that, so we've assumed in the guidance we just provided that basically those markets will continue to be in that 20% growth range.
Gary Ellis: Well, as we've indicated before, we continue to expect our gross margins as we said the last several years to be kind in that 75% to 76% range. We've been able to do that even with the pricing pressures that are out there. As I indicated in the quarter here, we were a little bit low at 75.3% than what we would have normally expected. A lot of that gets back to the fact that one of our highest margin products in the U.S. ICD area was lower clearly, and we wouldn't expect that as we go forward from the -- even just from the bulk purchases, we wouldn't expect that. So overall, that will be a slight positive as we go into next year. On the other hand, because of the mix of the geographic mix and where we're at, also just some of the new products that are being launched do have a little bit lower gross margin percentages even though we're getting an uplift in ASPs, there's also higher product costs until you get the volumes up to the levels you need to kind of offset that and get the product cost down. So there's a little bit of a headwind that we're facing that as we look into FY '12. But overall, going forward, we would still -- our assumptions are that we still maintain our gross margins in the 75% to 76% range. We are taking product costs out. We are doing things that are necessary to make sure that we can kind of maintain in that level and that's -- so that's our expectations both for FY '12 and going forward.
Gary Ellis: Well, as you said, it’s just really occurred over the last few months, and so it's hard to predict any trends per se, although I would completely agree with you that it has decelerated. We've seen that in our data that we had would indicate the same thing. And as you indicated, I think the competition has the knowledge and the same type of an issue that it is out there in the marketplace. I don't think it's getting any worse from the data that we're seeing, but we’ll let's wait and see. But it -- so it's kind of plateaued at this point. But it is still out there. We haven't seen it -- the trend turn the other way and go back haven’t seen it -- an improvement on that aspect though. So we're watching, but it's really only occurred over the last few months, and we'll just have to continue to watch the data and see what happens.
Gary Ellis: Yes, I mean, I think overall, if you get these new products, I mean, just using Revel as an example, the fact of the matter is, we're getting a very significant ASP uplift on this product, but it's also a more expensive product for us to manufacture. So not only just because of the volumes, but just because it is more difficult to manufacture. So you're going to have some pressure there even as you get the volumes up. But if you get up to, again, 40%, 50% of your mix, then obviously, you start to hit the volumes, it would have some impact on this. It's not just the newer products. I know someone -- everybody assumes the newer products with respect to our existing businesses. What I was also trying to get at is and what we're seeing is, for example, in AF, with CryoCath, obviously the margins in that business are not the same as they are, much -- or significantly lower than what they will be obviously with the U.S. ICDs. And so as you see growth in those aspects of the business, that's where you're going to see some impact on the margins overall. Even within Spine, for example, the Osteotech and Biologics margins are not the same as obviously the metal constructs. And so that's -- what I was also trying to get at is you start to see us go in some of these other emerging therapies, they don't always have the exact same margins, as high margins as we have in some of the older product lines. So in general, we see a little bit of pressure here as we indicated for FY '12, still in the 75% to 75.5%. So don't get me wrong, we still think we're going to have very strong overall gross margins, and that's with continuing pricing pressures that are out there in the marketplace. If those start to mitigate, obviously, then you could start to see that uplift even a little bit more because we are going to continue to take, even though we're in the fifth year now of our product cost reduction plan, we are going to continue to take product cost out to make sure that we can offset new pricing pressures and maintain those margins and hopefully improve on them. But right now, we're trying to give some guidance that gives us -- acknowledges just kind of what's going on with some of the new products themselves.
Gary Ellis: Yes, if you [indiscernible] -- what we mentioned was on an operational basis, 75% to 75.5%. If the FX benefits that we talked about would come through, you would see those margins actually move up a little bit because, obviously, many of these are dollar based costs. So that was based on not having to add additional FX benefit in there.
Gary Ellis: There is obviously a lot of gives and takes in here, and everything is -- will vary depending on where the mixes are at. As I indicated in my comments, we believe that we're going to be in the 75% to 76% gross margins for FY '12 and going forward into the future. We don't expect it's going to have that much of an impact on. I mean, how -- I can't predict any further out than that to say that basically, over the next few years, we would expect to kind of be in those levels. There's a lot of moving parts on these new -- all these products are all very high margin products, but there will be variation on that. And that's something we just think we can manage going forward as we have over the last several years. As you've seen, we've been able to manage within that 75% to 76% range.
Gary Ellis: Well, I mean I think overall, even the things we're doing currently already in the -- on our marketplace with the combination of the cardiac and vascular sales force that I mentioned earlier in my comments. Those are all efforts where we're going to take the size and scale of Medtronic and really provide a full benefit to, on this case, on the Coronary and CRDM side of the equation to the hospitals themselves. And I think that will have a -- we're already starting to see that that's starting to have a very significant impact in the marketplace. Even just doing it on a pilot basis here in FY '11 with strategic accounts, we saw significant growth in those accounts where we could focus our sales organizations. And so we're pretty confident that's going to have a major impact going forward. As I mentioned in our comments, our guidance is based on the fact that the markets themselves are growing 1% to 3%. That's what -- the assumption we have. We are assuming we're going to grow at that or faster going forward. And so I think you will see that the size and scale will have a -- give -- provide some impact and that we will grow faster than the 1% to 3%. Other companies in the MedTech arena, I don't know whether they've adjusted their markets for what we've seen here clearly in ICD or are they -- as they -- do they expect to have same impact in some of the markets or they have the same products overall. So I can't comment on where the other MedTech market is at. But overall, we feel very, very confident that we have the products, the organization and a clear strategies to drive above market performance in this company going forward, and you're going to see that not only in CRDM, but you're going to clearly see it as we've already started to see in CardioVascular group equation. We're starting to see a pickup in Spine, and we expect to see that happening there. And obviously Diabetes, Surgical Tech continue to be very strong. So I feel very confident going forward, but we're giving guidance reflecting kind of what's going on in the marketplace right now.
Gary Ellis: All right. with respect to the ICD market, obviously, we don't have the data through April and some of the information, we don't get it on an economy basis. So it's more anecdotal information, but I would say, Larry, basically our overall information we get breaks out internationally, we have a view of what's going on with initials and with replacement. And so the initials are what we are -- we clearly -- we're seeing a mid- to high-single-digit decline in kind of the initials during that period of time in the marketplace. The replacements have also somewhat slowed, but it's not replacements driving this issue, at least over the last few months. It is on the initial side of the equation.
Gary Ellis: Yes, I actually think there could be some impact in Q4. I mean let's be honest, With the transition that was going on, the new structures that we were discussing, could there have been some impact in Q4 as we were kind of in the transition? I think that's probably fair to say that there might have been some there. I don't think there really will be anything in Q1. I mean we kind of structured this such that we got off to a start real quickly here in Q1 and most of the announcements and all the decisions were made. And I think with most of the teams basically, now they know what they need to do, they know who's there and they're driving towards their objectives for the current year. So I would agree with you, I think there might have been some impact in Q4, but I would expect limited impact in Q1. If anything right now, I think the company is renewed, refocused, understands what's in front of us. We're past FY '11. We're focused on delivering on FY '12. Well, with that, before -- let me -- before ending today's call, I would like to close by stating that we are very excited about FY '12. Our management team is focused on driving the business for market-leading performance, as I said during my comments, and we are optimistic about recently improved products that we think will actually further differentiate us in the market. We look forward to having Omar Ishrak lead our company and believe we have taken the right steps to set us up for improvement in FY '12. With that, on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. Thank you.
