Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks, Vijay. I appreciate the questions. On the first one, regarding market share, you're asking why the focus, what's changed. We spent the last couple of years talking about our pipeline. And this has been a big focus on the company. And like we've talked about our pipeline is the best it's been in a long-time. And as we went through this CEO transition, we spent a lot of time with the team on Zoom calls all the time. And we're determined to make this pipeline count, not just for patients, our customers but for shareholders. And so we feel that sometimes our market share isn't commensurate with our technology, meaning our technology should yield more market share. And, and this is an organizational focus that we want to take on, in terms of -- is really focused on -- really a deeper focus on understanding the end markets and their competitors, what the competitors are doing, and making sure that we understand that and compete effectively. And this isn't -- this is an organizational focus. This is not just -- I’m not talking about our field, it's everybody. And understanding, each one of these competitive battles that we face, first recognizing those, understand what it's going to take to win and tracking them. And all these competitive battles add up, and there's no rounding error when it comes to one of these competitive battles. So it is an enhanced focus on market share. And we felt like now is the time to do this, given all the products that we have coming out. We want to make it -- like I said, we want to make the pipeline count not just for our patients, which is first and foremost, and our customers, but for our shareholders as well. So we felt that was the moment to do this. And we’re really excited about that. And yes, the expectation is overall in aggregate to grow at the market or higher. And we haven't done that in the recent past. And so in some cases, we need to exceed the market growth and make up for a couple areas where we're behind. But the expectation for every single one of our segments is to grow at least at the market share. And we've made that really clear, and as you talk to people in Medtronic, I think that message is out there. Your second question about the robot. Yes, I mean, the delays were driven by COVID. Yes, the software issues we've talked about in the past, we believe are resolved and we're in the final validation and verification. And the testing has gone really well. We've got surgeons working on these robots. And like I said, the feedback is great and we're excited. And we're going to hit our market release date here shortly. And what that means for us is that that triggers to file, the ability for us to file, which we talked about in the commentary, I mentioned in calendar Q1 for both CE Mark and U.S. IDE. So, yes, we feel like this has addressed. We've got a high level of confidence. And now, the excitement is building by the company, and with our surgeons that are working on this. So we're excited. And you asked about a market share forecast. I'm not prepared to give that right now. I mean, we're going up against a strong competitor. We're really excited about this. My time at Medtronic, I feel like we're in a position where you're defending high market shares from new competitors. It's going to be fun to be on the other end of that equation, and coming out a well-established 100% market share competitor, but coming out with some great technology, with the financial resources at Medtronic, a really energized field sales force. So, we're looking forward to this. I'm not going to give our market share forecast, but we're going to be a meaningful player in this market. Go big or go home, Vijay. We're going to be meaningful in this and we're excited.
Geoff Martha: All right. Thanks, Bob. One on the clarification, on the changes, these are changes we'll talk more about like you mentioned at our Investor Day. And I don't want to go too deep into them today. But the broad brush strokes are some structural changes that empower our businesses to make decisions and to be more -- and this is really getting at speed of decision making and being nimble and faster. And as you know, we're competing against a lot of focused, smaller focused companies, not just here, but in China and other places around the world. And then, but at the same time, allowing these businesses to benefit from very specific and meaningful areas where our scale makes a difference, like technology platforms. Anytime our businesses are pooling from broader technology platforms in Medtronic, they're able to iterate on a much more consistent, meaningful iteration on a much faster and consistent basis and also disrupt. Like we did with what we're doing with Micro right now, in the pacing space. Our manufacturing footprint to ensure a high-quality standard all the time, at the right price, at the right cost levels. So things, technology, manufacturing, our regional scale as we move into some of these regions, these are all areas that we want to make sure businesses can benefit from. But in terms of disclosures, I don't -- there's not going to be like disclosures before that. We'd be rolling this out to within the company over the next couple of weeks, a month of two. But I don't think there's going to be any more disclosures on that until we get to Investor Day to talk about it. And in terms of your question around the market improvement, it is encouraging. A couple comments there. First, there's a big difference depending on the therapy or product area and the business that we're in. We do have a wide range here things that are more urgent like neurovascular things that are more elective. Some of the areas like pelvic health or something like that. We're seeing by country it's different but we're seeing a much -- we've seen much of -- continued to see a much sharper recovery in the United States and Europe. China has been pretty steady. But the whole pile of geographies and all of the therapy areas, all of them are improving. And we're seeing sequential month over month improvement. I think the last time we had earnings call, we were talking about how things ended in April and we had some momentum into May. Well, that every week it's got -- every month it's gotten better into June, July and into the first couple weeks of August. We continue to see improvements here. And in terms of the patient fear, look the surveys that we've seen and conducted, that has been -- it's still out there, but it's been in my opinion mitigated quite a bit. And in the hospitals, and I just talked to another hospital's CEO on Friday. This is in the U.S. context. They seem very committed to staying, to keep open for business and serving patients. And, I think they also need it financially another shutdown, something they want to do. And then, the other thing that I think -- so these are all things that are going on out there. And we're participating in helping with patients fear and where we partnered with, The American Heart Association, American Stroke Association. And we're working with physicians, we're working with -- but the other area I want to highlight is the stuff that we're doing. Like I just mentioned, we're out there working with physicians, and their offices and hospitals. We're out there, staying focused on our customers. We're also helping them implement new technologies that really help in this COVID timeframe. Like our remote capabilities, especially in cardiac rhythm right now. That's making a big difference. We talked about the ventilator space. I mean, these were physician specific requests that came from individual hospitals around product features. And our response to this, and how fast we move, this makes a big difference. And the stories circulate within the hospital and the C-suites have been more engaged with us. And so, between the market coming back from a geography perspective, from a therapy perspective, and the actions that we've taken over the last couple of months, we're in a way better position than we thought we would be just three months ago. And we see the continued momentum. Now, everybody is a little nervous about the fall with the back-to-school. I just dropped off two college students in the last week. But like I said earlier, I do think hospitals are committed to staying open. And we're feeling better about like what maybe potential disruption. We don't feel -- we're not as worried about it as we were a couple months ago. Hope that helps.
Geoff Martha: I'll take a stab, David, first. Thanks for the question. Let me take a stab at it, and then I'll hand it off to Karen. But on the 8% EPS, and we're committed to that, right? So, we talk about market share and we talk about growth. Let me be clear, it's not at the expense of that 8% EPS growth, and our free cash flow conversion, which we've worked so hard to improve over the last couple years. So, we're not going to take a step back there, we're committed to that. And as we grow more, right, as we grow at the market more as an aggregate which would be a meaningful improvement over the last couple years, and take share, the growth will get higher, we'll have some optionality of what to do with that incremental earnings. But we're committed to that 8%. And we'll decide as that growth gets there, what we're going to do with the extra EPS, I'd like to invest some of it. And we'll see what we do with the rest here. But with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Karen to also comment.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Thanks, Robbie, lot into those questions there. First, thanks for the compliment on the video. I'm glad it went well. My wife was skeptical, but I thought it was okay. We'll see how we go going forward here. In terms of the R&D increases, yes, we want to put more into R&D, both and be creative. And when I look at R&D, we're looking at traditional R&D offer income statement, these creative third party partnerships like Blackstone, which have a very good return on them, are also something we want to use, and are inorganic. I mean, because most of what we're buying is technology, technology oriented tuck-ins, which are all somewhere on our path to commercialization or just been commercialized. So, all of this gets back to investing in areas in our business. We just have a lot of great ideas. The old idea that our eyes are bigger than our stomach. We want to get more R&D capability here. We've got just to list some of the products, we are talking about our pipeline today that's coming out, right. But the R&D and there's some R&D that needs to go into sustaining that and iterating that things like, spinal robotics and things like that. I mean, we're not done. We're just getting started. So, there's a lot more to go into there, but some of the things that are on the pipeline like already in that's a multibillion dollar opportunity there. The EV ICD, I'll start with cardiac here, PulseSelect Pulsed Field Ablation, I mean, just those three are, I'd call more medium-term for us and are very exciting, and I think could use more investment to speed up and drive bigger impact. And in RTG, there's always more to invest in neurovascular. Brett Wall and Stacey Pugh to make sure of that, there's lots of products there. And that's a high growth area. Like I mentioned, DBS, we have the directional lead system coming out. We want to invest in closed-loop. I just think, look, neuromodulation is a big growth opportunity for the industry, for the company, and I think it's going to have a huge impact on patients. And then MITG, obviously, the soft tissue robot, we talked about the timeline there. But we still have to commercialize that, that's going to take some investment, may not show up in the R&D line, but we need to invest there. And we mentioned in the commentary, some of the products are starting to come out from our digital surgery acquisition this touch surgery enterprise, very excited about that as we move, we believe we're leading in robotic soft tissue robotics, the AI and side of it. And so there's a lot of opportunity there. And then of course, diabetes, we've got to catch up on the sensor side, and we're -- I don't know everybody picked up, but we're really excited about the sensor pipeline here. I wish it were happening even faster, but it is accelerated from what we -- we're well into the synergy trial enrollment rather and getting great feedback on that. So there's lots of opportunities for R&D investment, and that's probably, I don't know, 70%, 80% of what we're talking about internally, is this pipeline and how do we feed it, how do we speed it up. So, very excited about that. And then, speaking on diabetes, you said three to five years, I'm not even going to ask Sean this question, because I know the answer is not three to five years, it's going to be faster than that. And I think when we get 70%, 80% out there, it's going to be a big step forward or like I mentioned, our sensor pipeline, which is the weak spot here, that is, we feel good about that. And again, I wish it were faster, but it isn't three to five years. And the rumors about diabetes, that they didn't come from us. I mean, we're committed to this and we've never blinked and we're not going to.
Geoff Martha: In terms of a reinvigorated, I think we do feel reinvigorated and it's in large part, because of where we sit right now as a company. I mean, this pipeline is exciting, and it's something that we've been investing in for a long time. And look, the COVID has extracted a huge human toll and an economic toll. So I'm looking for bright spots coming out of COVID. And one of them has been the ability for during this time our leadership team to sit down together. Like I said, a lot of Zoom calls and some face to face, but and really look at where we are as a company and take a step back. And what we're seeing is way more opportunities than challenges. But top of that, I mean, look, we've got our mission, especially during a pandemic like this really shows how valuable that mission is. And it helps us clarify our decisions, and really helps us in our opinion stand out relative to others, and how we react and how we show up. And so we've always had that and that has shown even just -- we're reminded how powerful that is during a crisis like we face now. We've got a very -- we've got great technology, great market positions. We've got a very experienced leadership team, and I come back to this pipeline. And so when we started to look at all this, we feel like there's just a huge opportunity. We want to make this pipeline count. And so, that's why we're excited. And if it feels like we're reinvigorated, that's good. I don't know, if I want to use that word, but I can tell you that we're excited, because of all this and the opportunity. And it's not just like, hey, here's the pipeline, and it's going to work its way through and then there's like peaks and troughs. That's not it. We're refilling this pipeline. I just mentioned all these, I just went through the last question all of these things about the R&D, where we're putting it. There's so much to do, so much opportunity. So, yes we are excited. And that's why we also are focusing on this market share opportunity. We want to make this pipeline count. And how we look different? One, in the near-term, we want to be growing at or above the market. So, whatever the recovery is, it's hard to forecast. We're trying our best as you guys are to forecast the recovery, but we want to be on the leading edge of that, and doing better relative to our competitors. And, and our pipeline is going to lead the way and we're going to have great commercial execution here. And so that should be a meaningful increase to our growth relative to our competition. So, that looks different. And look, our employees have always had a strong loyalty and allegiance to Medtronic. But I think that's increased over the last couple of months, as people realized what a -- how much the mission means, but we still have work to do. And working on things like what is our role here and some of these social justice issues that are out in the communities that spill into our offices. And so you're going to see us more aggressive on those taking stronger stance on some of those issues. But over time, longer-term, we want to put the tech in medtech. And we want to shift, we want to pool in some of these digital technologies to change our offerings. And overtime, we're very device centric. In addition to the devices, we want to pull in data and analytics, and you start to see that in pockets of Medtronic, like with the neutrino acquisition, diabetes, the digital surgery acquisition and MITG for the soft tissue robot. We're working with -- partnering with companies like Viz.ai for stroke detection. And so, having our offerings be smarter and self-learning, and our offerings providing a lot of data and insights in addition to therapy back to our customers, I think this is an area that that this is going to take some time. But this is something we're committed to.
Geoff Martha: Well, on the innovation side, I mean, like I said, we feel like we've got a great pipeline, the best we've had, and it's coming to fruition now and we've got more out there in the medium and long-term. But we're not ever going to be satisfied on our pipeline. I mean, innovation is the lifeblood of the company. So we're always going to want to invest more and really just not -- ultimately the ultimate judge here would be the level of innovation and the outcomes we can produce with these technologies, both for patients and economic outcomes for the health system. So that's the ultimate. But we don't want to be outspent either. So we are investing more, using these creative like the Blackstone partnership, using our balance sheet more, trying to get more efficient. We're always going to try to get more efficient in R&D. So we're never going to be satisfied with innovation. Omar used to talk about it. He talks about health care as being like a by definition, an unlimited demand. As soon as you solve one problem, people want another problem solved and they want to solve faster. So we're going to keep going on the innovation. And the market share, it's really two things that we're going to need to do. Well, three things, really. You need to have the products right? You have the pipeline, which we've talked about. The other two areas that we've talked about is structurally, allowing to help increase that innovation, allowing our business units to have more leverage, the pool to be more nimble and faster to compete with. The marketplace in medtech is pretty competitive. Like I said, we face a lot of smaller and maybe more focused competition. And I don't really like this idea. Well, they're smaller, so they should grow faster. I don't -- I'm not a believer in that. And so neither is our leadership team, for that matter. And we're not accepting that. So, we want to treat our businesses and give them the ability to compete against anybody, whether it's a big, well-funded or competitor with lots of technology or more established competitor or a smaller up and coming competitor, we want to be able to compete with all. So it's making some structural changes to better position them for that. And then the third is just the cultural piece, it's just setting that expectation that we're always going to be a mission driven company. We're always going to be an innovation driven company. We're always going to be that company that's pushing the envelope here and starting new therapy areas like an RDN. We're going to be that company. But we also want to be the company that is able to kind of hold the share in these markets that we established. And in some cases like soft tissue robotics, where we weren't the first to come in as a meaningful second. And I think there's room for improvement and in the mindset of the company on competing like that. So that's a culture. So pipeline, always first, some structural changes that we think we can work through without too much disruption here, and the cultural changes around expectations on competing.
Geoff Martha: Well, first on Companion, we haven't finalized the acquisition, so we're limited in what we can say, but Sean is the real champion and architect behind on that deal. And so maybe Sean, Sean Salmon's on the phone here. I'll turn it over to Sean for some comments.
Geoff Martha: The focus is on the tuck-ins. And the tuck-ins can get up to billion dollars or low billions. But that's the focus. That's the focus. Like where we are right now, and the tuck-ins will help us. But we're not focused beyond that.
Geoff Martha: Okay. Well, thanks for the questions. And look, I really appreciate, we all really appreciate your support and interest in Medtronic. And we're looking forward to presenting more details of our longer-term strategy at our October 14, Investor Day. And then updating you on our quarterly progress on our Q2 earnings call, which we anticipate holding on November 24. So thanks for joining us today. Stay healthy and safe, and have a great day.
