Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen and let’s now move on to Q&A. In addition to Karen, our four group presidents Mike Coyle, Bob White, Geoff Martha and Hooman Hakami, are also here to answer your questions. We want to try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question and if necessary, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: So let me just also emphasize, Robbie, look we laid the formula out, we had a good first quarter. The second quarter, we actually have the advantage of some of these comparisons being better in Services and Solutions in the LVAD and other areas. And so there is some growth there as well. In terms of product launches, everything that we said is still completely in line and they’re coming through. We just got the lowest TAVR approval. That is something that we were expecting actually a little later, we got a little earlier, so all the other programs are completely in line. We’re very excited about them. But it’s only the first quarter, so we want to guide what we guided at the beginning of the year, but look there’s no hesitation in our part about the quality of these launches, when they’re coming out, how excited we are about them, so that there may be no sort of confusion about that at all, and just take it in the context of this just the first quarter.
Omar Ishrak: Without being biased towards one thing, I will tell you that this is the one product that I’m certainly most excited about because of the if nothing else is symbolism that the Medtronic was started as a company which invented the pacemaker market and here we are 60 years later disrupting that market with the device that is way ahead of any competition and the 80% share is actual fact and the 15% will be cover. So, an expectation that, that kind of share trend should continue over time is quite realistic. But I’ll let Mike add some more color to this.
Omar Ishrak: Well, I’ll let Mike answer that. I think it is a new concept though, so that requires some buy in maybe. I don’t know, Mike...
Omar Ishrak: One area though short-term that we are moving into would be other cranial procedures, so we have the Mazor Renaissance, which is indicated for cranial procedures. In Medtronic, we’re launching another cranial, a smaller cranial robot. And these robots will be used for lead placement, for example, and deep brain stimulation procedures, EEG placement for epilepsy as well as tumor resection, so tumor resection itself. So those are two different robots applied to various cranial procedures, brain procedures as well.
Omar Ishrak: Let me add that the TYRX is a core technology that we’ve essentially developed. And while that in itself is one thing, what it pulls along with it in terms of our devices is something that will become a true differentiator for Medtronic in the long term. And we’re investing in that area to make sure that we can sort of broaden the usage of TYRX over time. So that’s a key technology area of focus for us which we think we’re well differentiated.
Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Danielle. Okay. So, let me close it out. First, thanks for your questions before I completely close it out, I’ll just a couple of more sentences. We talked a lot about our product pipeline today, but let me just remind you that almost everything we talked about is actually in the second half of FY ‘20. This momentum is not going to stop going into FY ‘21. And as was noted earlier, if I had more breath I could probably continue until we’ve launch in FY ‘21, I’m not going to stop. And I really mean it and we all mean it when we say that, today, we have the strongest and the broadest pipeline that we’ve ever had in our history. And you’ll see that thing play out in the upcoming quarters. So, it’s with great excitement that I really want to close this call out. And on behalf of the entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support, your interest in Medtronic. And we look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q2 earnings call which we’ll be holding on Tuesday, November the 19th. So, thank you all very much for your interest. Thank you.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, good morning, David. Thanks for the questions. In terms of 2Q excited about the growth acceleration that we intend to drive in the second half. In 2Q, we’re seeing some U.S. softness in diabetes that we talked about and we’re seeing some pain market issues, but beyond that, we are very excited about the acceleration that we’re going to drive and it’s just the first quarter. So we are working on delivering as we move through the year.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for that question, Robbie. Yes, we were pleased with our SG&A performance, which clearly drove our operating margin expansion of 70 basis points on a constant currency basis. And on SG&A, we are very focused on driving enterprise excellence programs to drive further leverage and efficiency. We also introduced at the beginning of this year an incentive comp metric down into the organization on operating margin and I think that metric is also helping to drive good cost control well down into the organization.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Well thanks for that question too. So look, we just finished our first quarter and we had a strong first quarter. And we’re really excited about the acceleration that we’re going to drive in revenue growth throughout the year, particularly in the back half, that growth is really focused on strong product launches and the exact timing of approval and launch It’s hard to predict, but we’re excited about launching those in the back half that will drive the acceleration. At this stage that back half is going to have to be decent amount higher than we had in the first half to end the year at 4% and we’re excited about that.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question, Vijay. Our long-range guidance on the bottom line is 8%-plus over the long range time frame and that has not changed and will not change. Yes, in terms of the new guidance on EPS, largely driven by the beat we had this quarter and our ability to lower our interest expense which helps to offset that tax rate increase. Our guide is above 7% on a constant currency basis on an actual basis for EPS on the high end. In terms of whether or not this year over the long range plan we’ll get to the 8%, we’ll see. But we’re confident in our guidance right now. And on tax regs, certain regulations have been finalized. There are numerous regulations to still be finalized. We do anticipate all of the regulations to hopefully be final prior to the end of our fiscal year. We will continue to focus on opportunities to optimize our tax rate. And where the regs are final, we are beginning to take action to optimize. But I would say, it’s very early and too early to tell what our tax rate will be on the long-term basis going forward. In the meantime, we expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in that range of 16% to 16.5%. We did have some favorability in the first quarter by some non-recurring items, and so that helps drive our year tax rate to what we guided to about 15.8% to 16.2%. Hope that’s helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. Thanks, Danielle. We introduced operating within incentive comp at the total company level last fiscal year. And then this fiscal year, we drove it down into the organization. It’s hard to parse out the benefits of that, but I would say we do have a strong cost control around the company that started last fiscal year and has continued into this fiscal year. But we’re also purposely driving greater efficiencies across the company as we work to leverage our size and scale in our back offices and our customer service centers and across our enabling functions. And those programs are all driven as part of enterprise excellence, and we’re clearly seeing the results. We are tracking the savings. And you’re seeing it now show up in our margin expansion.
Geoffrey Martha: Hey, Dave, it’s Geoff. So regarding the Spine question, yes, we’re definitely seeing strong momentum Mazor has been a huge addition to our Surgical Synergy strategy and it’s help – it’s having a pretty significant network effect. I’ll call within RTG, one as you pointed out on the implant side and can we grow above the market. But we are expecting to grow above the market here. We think that the whole enabling technology and robotic strategy that’s where the market is going, it’s going to cause the market to consolidate around a few players and we intend to lead that and take share now and going forward. As for the other impact that by the way that the robotics – Mazor is having is on the rest of our capital equipment portfolio which it’s not something I completely expected. I mean our still our standalone stealth for spine and neurosurgery as well as our O-arm both grow over 20%, O-arm actually grew close to 30%. These are the products that have been in the market for a while and I think this is the impact of having a larger capital sales force and a lot of excitement around these products. So – and as for the placement in a number of unit sales, I guess, I have been told that I mean maybe given too much information in the last few quarters on this topic. So I am pretty excited about it maybe, got a little, but I can just tell you at this point, we are doing really well. I think others we would that we are doing really well above our expectations.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, sure. I am not going to quantify specifically. But yeah, we had a really strong Q4, first of all, and that contributed to some of this and the market slowdown also contributed to it. So I don’t think the destocking will be a continued drag. The market slowdown is obviously, I think, caught the severity of it, it caught us and our competitors a little bit by surprise, and that to me is the bigger issue.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes, I think we began, Kristen, on the regulatory process the current InterStim II device the primary self by adding MRI capabilities to that, but the bigger one will be obviously the rechargeable device as Omar mentioned, is very small. This we are anticipating happening the initial launch in Europe in the spring and a little later in the U.S., but so when you say FY ‘20 in Europe and then U.S. would be late FY ‘20 or early FY ‘21. And because we’re submitting a PMA supplement, we don’t think we need to a separate clinical trial and we’ve been talking about this with the FDA to confirm our thinking. So, we’re really excited about this and the features the combination of our smaller size, I’m talking about rechargeable the micro, the smaller size, the 3cc, the overdrive battery technology and the MRI capability, it really is advantage is a big advantage for us no matter what the competition is saying on this. Yes, this is the same technology combo platter that’s powering Intellis, whose performance has surprised many of us and propelled us back to leadership in FCF.
Geoffrey Martha: Exactly. One of the things that I think is important is that and I think people are starting to realize this, but rechargeable is not meant for every patient. So, having both a primary cell and a rechargeable, on a very small rechargeable I think is going to cover will cover a much broader spectrum of patients than just the rechargeable.
Geoffrey Martha: Yes. Let me also add answer the question regarding other areas. Let me tell you that in virtually every area that we have a procedural presence, we will look at robotics because that’s how it’s going to be. And we’re learning from our current experience, but I can tell you that the data analytics capability, we’re just beginning to evolve. Combination with the robot with other capital equipment, especially ones with visualization and for navigation, that we’re showing with Mazor is not only restricted to spine along. Planning procedures, planning the procedure upfront and then using that to guide the robot in specific ways, that’s a core capability that we’ve that we’re starting to develop with Mazor, but we’ll translate across into surgical robot at sometime in the future, the procedure is different. There are some core areas where we are learning which we will apply to virtually every area that we’ve got procedures. And I can tell you it’s a big area of focus for us, both organically as well as inorganically. And one that we expect over the long-term, not just in one procedure, because across all procedures, and be the company who rewrites the way surgery is done in the next decade. So, make no mistake, this is a core area for us and we’ll see much more of about robots than just the two that you’re looking at today in the future.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure, Matt. So, I’ll take the spinal one first. So, to kind of break it down, I mean we’ve talked about the use of spine robotics and the linkage with our implants and how as the utilization of Mazor goes up, we’ll get more pull-through. And we’re in the early, early stages of that. So, we’re getting, if you’re looking at three kind of metrics on that, we’re getting the robot sales, that’s kind of the socket race. So, we’re doing very well there, as indicated. And when they use Mazor, our customers are using Medtronic and that attachment rate is close to 70% and that’s going to go higher as we get more of the Mazor X Stealth addition out there where the navigation is into Mazor. Remember when we talk about placements also, we’ve got a much Mazors out there that we’re upgrading to Stealth addition. So, our attachment is really strong. And so, what we’re really driving here is the utilization, that involves a lot of training and so that’s what we’re doing. We’ve got all kinds of demo labs and training labs at different customers. And we’ve built up a whole new 100-person component of our sales force that’s like a SWAT team that goes into these accounts and works with the surgeons, with our team, the surgical staff and I guess our reps to train everybody and get them comfortable doing robotic procedures. So, we’re in the early innings of that, and as that increases, you’re going to get more pull-through. But what we’re seeing now is that these robots are getting into the competitive accounts where and giving us something to engage on with surgeons, and the C-suite, quite frankly, are very engaged in this for a variety of reasons. And we’re using this to get into competitive accounts and once we are in there and we walk in with our broad or our good service, our broad portfolio, which now includes Titan, that’s having a more immediate impact. So, if there’s an initial impact as we get into competitive accounts and then there’s a longer-term impact as we drive utilization. So, I guess that this strategy has a long runway ahead of it and we’re in the very early stages and we’re already seeing impact. For spinal cord stimulation, look, I’m kind of like a little embarrassed for industry our competitors and ourselves don’t have a more specific answer as to what is driving in the short term. But look, I think tell you, I think this is a very innovation sensitive market and we had a lot of innovation come out in a pretty condensed period of time from us and our competitors. And now it’s come down a little bit. And then seeing that, we’ve made some trade-offs in RTG and have accelerated our spinal cord stimulation and prioritized our spinal cord stimulation pipeline. So, like I said, we’ve accelerated the next generation Intellis into this fiscal year. And I don’t want to get in too much of the features, I’m going to talk about that at NASS, what that means but it is a next-generation device. Behind that, we have a and the next year behind that, a new primary cell device coming out, which like I said, in Pelvic Health, same applies for spinal cord stimulation. You need a broader set of both rechargeable and primary cell devices. And then in addition to that, we’re working on closed-loop for spinal cord stimulation. We have a very active program on closed-loop or you may have heard it’s called e-caps out in the market space. So, we’ve got that coming as well. That’s a little further out, but we’ve got a pretty robust pipeline that we’ll have a pretty regular cadence and I think that’s going to drive the market. I do think this market should be a high single-digit grower based on all the demographics as well as the opioid crisis here in the U.S. and a few other markets.
Michael Coyle: So back in March when the original FDA notification went out where they basically were saying, for most patients the risk would outweigh the benefits, we saw a fairly significant contraction. It was about a 50% reduction in U.S. volumes versus what they had been before, and on a global basis, within the – in the low 40s. Obviously, as we came out of the panel meeting, there was a lot more data that was presented, updates on patient follow-up where we got to almost 95% follow up on our patient base, which improved the safety profile of the devices, and then some very significant incremental data was presented from claims based analysis and very large data sets that basically showed that – the second went away in these large numbers. And so we were very encouraged by what we viewed as incrementally constructive FDA notification here that basically said that for a certain high-risk patients who are at risk for reintervention, that, in fact, the benefits of DCB technology outweighed the risks. And so we have now seen instead of the reduction that we had indicated something more like a 40% US reduction, low 40s, and on a global basis, that’s down into the low 30s reduction. So we think it’s stabilized. It’s actually improving since those data were put out. And we think as more data becomes available, this is going to shift from a discussion of class effect to basically individual performance of the individual products. I mean we are very encouraged by that because we have a very significant randomized controlled data sets in the U.S., FDA support for FFA for the Japan study we have our global registry data as well as some new data sets that are going to be released in other indications. So our AV fistula indication is going to be – the data is going to be presented at the upcoming CIRSE meeting next month and we are very encouraged that the more data that is coming out, it’s basically focusing on the efficacy of these products and also showing that the signal that was a concern as more data becomes available is becoming less of a concern. And so we expect there to be an improvement, but obviously we need to see return to growth until we get to the second half of the fourth quarter.
Michael Coyle: So we would estimate if you – by customer indication which we expect will be an area focus with additional data availability that the low-risk patient population basically expands the available market by about 50%. And so that, with the addition of the NCD where we expect to see approximately another 200 centers come online, it obviously is going to give an opportunity for an acceleration of growth from where it was, let’s say, last quarter which was for us around 12% up into the mid-teens and maybe a little bit higher than that, and that basically is really being supported by these new indications for use. And in terms of the basis of negotiations with the NDT sites, they are really no different than what we have had with a pre-existing sites in terms of the compelling clinical evidence around these products basically makes any center that wants to be a full-service aortic valve center, they need to be able to do both surgery as well as transcatheter valves. And as a result, this is more about training and education and getting them up to speed on optimal techniques for use of these products, and that’s exactly what we are focused on.
Michael Coyle: Well, as it relates to TCT, that’s a little bit sooner than some of these data sets are going to be available, so I think I would steer you more toward meetings later in the year and into early next year so we will – around the AHA time we’ll be talking about the MARVEL 2 data, which is the Micra AV performance. And then as we get into next year as we look at the ACC, we would expect to be able to present the offmed components of the Symplicity Spyral study. And also, as Omar mentioned, between here and there, we will also have the impact Admiral ADF data. So there should be very meaningful data sets coming, but they’re more going to be later in the year and into next year.
Michael Coyle: So NASS, we all claimed talk to you guys about a number of things. First, in core spine, we have a number of launches, probably the biggest of which this year is corpectomy device this T2 stratosphere. We’ve got single position and then, of course, the type which we just closed. Integration is going very well. And we’ll walk you through how that’s going to impact our overall portfolio. But I’d say think of Titan as a surface technology platform that can apply to our existing broad-based spine portfolio. We’ll also talk more about Surgical Synergy and robotics, as I mentioned earlier, and how that rollout is going. And our road map for new features that we are going to be adding to the enabling technology specifically kind of all enabling technologies, specifically robotics because we do have a very specific road map that goes up over the next two weeks few years, all meant to basically drive procedural improvement both from a health economic standpoint and the clinical outcome standpoint. And then finally, Biologics, we have a General Manager we put in charge of our Biologics business about year and a half ago and he’s really done a good job in investing not only in infuse, but our broader bio portfolio, which we can talk to you more about that which I think is kind of underrated right now. It’s actually helping drive some of our growth. And then finally, one thing that’s not NASS related and I think Omar ran out of breath before he got to, we did on Pain Stim, we did we have a new next-generation Telus device, which we haven’t spoken about before, that we can talk about later in the year at NANS. So, this gets back to not NASS, but obviously the broader product launches we are excited about. We haven’t really talked about this and so at the NANS this year we’ll be talking about that as well as some new stem pattern work we’ve been doing and then, of course, our 12-month vectors data will be talking about at NANS as well, because I think this paint stim market as super sensitive to innovation and then where the market a little bit of innovation law versus where we were in the past 18 months and I think it’s going to be launches like this will get that market going again.
Michael Coyle: Well, remember, there are two aspects to this. One is obviously the procedural penetration and then there’s also the price increase that we get over the device which is essentially in the single-chamber market is about 3 times the prevailing pricing in the standard device system. So, the reason you see a procedural share, including our traditional single-chamber system in around 65% range and then having an 80% revenue share is because of that step up in price. Now as we move into the Micra AV, we basically have been to date really confined to patients who needed ventricular pacing who also had atrial defibrillation. Now any patients with AV block in conduction in the normal rhythm in the atrium becomes a candidate for this device. And so, the available market goes from 15% up to 55%, 60%. And so that’s why we view it as a big opportunity to drive share and then the real benefits of this technology are even though pacemakers are relatively safe for implant, almost all the complications come from each of the either the pocket of the lead and so by being able to put a device directly into the heart and having a 10 to 12 year battery life, this really offers significant clinical advantages to patients, and that’s why we’re excited about it.
Michael Coyle: And EV-ICD, we will be are beginning the pivotal trial associated with that, we haven’t talked a while about that trial design, but it is getting underway now.
Michael Coyle: On the one hand, the procedural aspects are very similar, almost identical to the single-chamber device. And of course, as you point out, we’ve done the training associated with this. But there are number of physicians who basically said, they don’t do enough single chamber devices to make worth their time to do training, now we get this device and we’re going to see more physicians coming on stream who want to learn the technique, which is going to be helpful for us not just in this new indication for use, but even in the traditional single-chamber pacing. So that will be helpful. There are some aspects of their patient follow-up that are different and we’re going to be spending as we did with the initial launch a lot of time making sure that the physicians are trained and what to look for both on the implant procedure and in the discharge process. And so we are going to be very careful in terms of rolling out updated training even to those who have been trained before. But to your point, I think it should have a marginally faster adoption rate than what we saw with single-chamber.
Michael Coyle: So, we’ve been very pleased with TYRX performance since the ACC presentation, the rapid data. We have seen meaningful acceleration of its adoption as a result of those data. This past quarter, we were mid-30s growth for the product. As you point out, it not only helps us in terms of revenue per procedure. And we view the at-risk patient population to represent a little over half of the patients because it applies to essentially large devices, so ICD, CRT devices, in initial procedures as well as all replacements, including pacemaker replacements. And so, as a result, it’s helping us not only in terms of our overall revenue share, but we actually are seeing in the high-risk patients then selecting Medtronic because they want these TYRX product and that’s helping us with initial implant share across our portfolio, especially on High Power and on the CRT side of things.
Michael Coyle: Well, we are working with the data sets and the professional societies to see if we can get this into indications for use. We also are expanding application of the envelope to other parts of the Medtronic business, including the neurostimulation devices, both for the brain, as well as for pain as well as for Pelvic Health. And so, it’s helping us in both regards. I’m not yet ready address timing of any indication or guidelines to the expansion, but we are working on that.
Michael Coyle: It also has helped us immensely in our value-based health care programs from the standpoint that having performance guarantees is something that our customer base really is looking to as us having skin in the game as they shift to that risk sort of arrangements with payers. And we now have over $1 billion in revenue associated with essentially performance guaranteed programs and $800 million of that is tied to TYRX.
