Omar Ishrak: Thanks Gary. While I have more to say next week at the Investor Day, I did want to take the opportunity to recognize Gary’s service to Medtronic today in what is his last earnings call as Medtronic's CFO. Gary has served in this role for the past 11-years and since May of 2005 and has been with Medtronic since 1989. Gary has been a constant counsel to me during the time that I have been here and his experience and knowledge and overall guidance has been critical and invaluable to both me and our overall team, as we have navigated through a very complex environment. Gary’s expertise will be missed, but he will still stay on as IT and Operations leader at least for a little while and we will still have the benefit of his strong counsel, more on that in the Investor Day. And we will now open the phone lines for Q&A and in addition to Gary, I’ll ask Mike Coyle, President for Cardiac Investor Group; Bryan Hanson, President for Minimally Invasive Therapies Group; Geoff Martha, President, Restorative Therapies Group and Hooman Hakami, President of Diabetes Group to join us. We want to try to get to as many people as possible. So please help us by limiting yourself to only one questions and if necessary a related follow-up. If you have any additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Just a few words and then I’ll let both Bryan and Hooman kind of give you some more details. First, I think we saw steady improvement in surgical volumes through the course of quarter and I’ll let Bryan comments in a minute on the continued outlook. Why don’t you say that Bryan and then I'll take on diabetes. Go ahead.
Omar Ishrak: Well, a number of things, you know in the Investor Day this will be our core subject, because we want to explain this to you in detail. But look it starts with our revenue growth, so you should kind of get to our mid single-digit revenue on a consistent basis otherwise you got a big hill to climb here. So revenue growth has to be sustainable and has to be consistent and that is something that we are feeling as I said better and better about. Having said that, then we need sort of operating leverage like you said and that in the short-term promising Covidien synergies, but what the Covidien synergies do is it builds a platform for us from which we can continue the same work. As we keep growing taking advantage of our scale in our functional costs primarily, we think we have got productivity that has a long tail, a long tail that we can continue to do. And in addition to that our product cost reduction will also has good sustainability as we consolidate our manufacturing operations, which we really haven't even built into any of the synergies at all in our $850 million number, because we feel that that would take longer than initial three-year period. In the interest of preserving revenue and not taking any risks that's why we didn't jump into that but what it does, is it gives us a continued sustainability beyond the three-year period. Those are the two main things it's an area of extreme focus for us and we think it's very important for us to build the plan that's sustainable and that's diversified in a way that is reliable and we will walk you through a lot of those in Investor Day but that's essentially how we are thinking.
Omar Ishrak: And you know these moving parts we hope to offset at the EPS level, because then that gives you the full flexibility to be able to that. So that’s the way in which we are modeling our business.
Omar Ishrak: We will certainly discuss the long-term strategy at the Investor’s Day, so just hold on for a week for that one. And in terms of the guidance, look like we just mentioned earlier, there are a lot of moving parts here and we have been burnt by FX before. And so, we just wanted to be reasonable in our approach and that’s the most accurate, I mean it’s not virtually conservative, nor is it a virtually aggressive kind of an estimate that we gave, it’s a fairly broad range. And obviously we do our best to maximize performance. That’s really the best I can do there with that range.
Omar Ishrak: Well, we need to deliver what we talk about the first. So before we think about going above that. First of all, the range is tighter that’s true. And we did emphasize a word given current trends. We are overall committed in the mid single-digit range and we feel that given our performance and given the diversity of our portfolio, we can get to the upper half of that range like we have discussed. And we need to first deliver that consistently before we talk about meaningful upside beyond that. Like I have mentioned in previous calls, what would trigger any thought of consistently delivering over that would be a fee, sort of over achieved on each of our growth drivers, New Therapies, Services & Solutions and the Emerging Markets for few quarters in a row. Only then we will have confidence that more than 6% is sustainable. You will get the odd quarter where we do, do better. But you will get some pressures on other quarter. So I don’t want to bank on that yet. Like you said, it is a tight range and it’s something that we internally did debate about, but given trends and the fact that we have been holding that level of performance over a significant period of time sort of makes us feel reasonably confident that it’s something that we can achieve. So that’s I think the best response I can give on that one.
Omar Ishrak: I think there is an important point if I can just follow-up, just to give you a specificity. We just this acquisition of NOK in the Netherlands that's a business which does bariatric surgery as well as other services and support areas and the net operating margin of that business is lower than our average, but sort of reasonable. When you layer in our surgical devices into those contracts on a consistent basis that drives up our volume on very high margin devices, which gets coupled to this transaction and therefore increases the overall margin rate significantly in those kinds of accounts from what NOK originally had. And so that's the kind of thing that we think we can scale around the world and get significant benefit.
Omar Ishrak: Well, give that it is consistent with what all the hospitals are reporting, I have got to say that the overall healthcare demand if you like in the U.S. is something that is on an upward trajectory. That's got to be the fundamental reason and it's probably some of it is just natural demographics which provides this. The other is probably we are seeing some of the impact of the Affordable Care Act and all of the initial pieces of increased coverage might have been more sort of upstream in nature in diagnostics and so. I mean some of these will lead to more procedures. Those are the only things that I can sort of intelligently kind of talk about. Other than that just what we experienced. It is not something that’s easy to predict to be fair and we look at all kinds of different factors and do the best, we have leading indicators, we talk to people and we get a sense for it, but everything that I just said was close to conjecture in my part.
Omar Ishrak: Sure. We detailed some of are in the commentary, but I’ll let Geoff kind of comment on that directly. So go ahead Geoff.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. It’s time to close the call out here and I would like to remind that we plan to host our Investor Day next Monday June 6th in New York City. We look forward to having a more detailed discussions with you on our plans to deliver on these strategies that we outlined today. And I would also like to note that we anticipate holding our Q1 earnings call on Thursday August 25th. And finally, in conclusion, as we have noted, we continue to focused on delivering consistent mid single-digit constant currency growth, strong EPS leverage and recurring a minimum of 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders. FY’16 was indeed successful and transformative year for our company and looking ahead, we feel we are well position to participate and lead in the transformation to value based healthcare, which can ultimately create long-term dependable value for our shareholders. And with that and on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. Thank you and all of you please have a great day. Thanks.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Let me just try and clarify few items. So one, could you just maybe make a little bit clear for the FY’17 guidance, what does that assume in terms of your margins. Second, I think I understood the commentary on the first quarter, basically you are saying down side on a quarter basis, so let’s call it as 102, 103. Just want to clarify that? Thanks.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And Gary, I was asking on the FY’17 margins, because the incremental inventory hit from FX. I’m just trying to think about the actual impacts on reported margins for the year? I would assume at that [indiscernible] get that range.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then Omar maybe just two questions. So one the commentary around surgical volumes, is obviously consistent with what we have seen from companies reporting from across the sector over the last month as well as not just device companies, but the hospital companies. Can you just tell us was the commentary about the uptick in surgical volumes is consistent over the course of the quarter, I mean is this something that you have seen even in April and maybe into May if you have insight into that? And then second, I was hoping you could just comment on the diabetes business, because your international performance was exceptionally strong this quarter and just trying to look forward to what’s going to play out in the U.S. once you get 670G approved here? Thanks.
Gary Ellis: Yes. I mean as far as FY’17 margins, we would expect going forward based on the assumption obviously of the earnings per share on a constant currency basis growing 12% to 16% as we indicated. But the operating margins would obviously continue to improve similar to what you saw in the current year. Obviously the synergies in the Covidien integration as we indicated in the call would be a little bit less for next year, but the operating leverage from the rest of the business would be obviously a little bit more, if we move into the FY 207 period of time. So operating margin improvement, we are not getting into specific on that, but basically the assumption would be Mike that assuming a 12% to 16% constant currency earnings per share growth. You are going to see a similar kind of growth in operating margins similar to probably what you saw in the current year [indiscernible]. As far as the Q1 guidance, what we are trying to indicted in the call is that yes we are in the kind of that upper end of the range, taken into effect the extra week, et cetera. I think you are probably - the 102, 103 you mentioned is probably right and its well within that ranges is what people could probably be assuming.
Gary Ellis: Yes, I agree, it will be. I mean you are right. On a constant currency basis we will continue to see in kind of improvement? The FX impact in the first quarter up $0.06 to $0.08 reflects that we are going to still see more FX on the inventory in that number. We saw a little bit higher number here in Q4 than what we had originally expected and that’s what based on our guidance at this point. Obviously that number continues to get even worse that could be a different issue. But right now, I think it will be a slight negative, but have mitigated, I should say some of the operating leverage we are getting on a constant currency basis as we saw during the current year. But we would expect to see again on a constant currency basis that would continue, but as reported you are right, it might be less of an impact in Q1. Thanks Mike.
Gary Ellis: Well, as far as the free cash flow, the guidance that we are giving $6.5 billion to $7 billion for next year is in-line kind of what we are expecting from our operating earnings growth and continued focus on working capital. So that expectation we do expect as we have indicated previously and we will talk more about it at the investor meeting that our free cash flow will continue to grow very nicely probably close to the double-digit range similar to the earnings as we go forward. So we are feeling confident about that. We are not getting specific obviously about what we are doing with share buyback, but as we indicated previously, when we announced the incremental buyback and if you watched historically, we tend to do that we said we are going to be more front-end loaded on that. And so I think you could assume the same thing as we go into FY’17 and its more front-end loaded than towards the back half of the year. So but we are not giving specific about how much we are going to be including in that piece of it. So as far as tax rate goes, I mean there is obviously the befit of R&D tax credit catch up during the current year. if you take that out of the equation, going forward we haven't provided any specific guidance on tax rate, but basically we are saying that your tax rate is going to be relatively flat with where we were currently at. So I wouldn't expect any significant uptick or reduction.
Gary Ellis: Yes, without giving any model view you know I think you have summarized it well. Again, we are trying to focus on what the two levers that we are driving revenue in the bottom-line and the leverage we talked about there. But you are right, to achieve the constant currency earnings growth that we highlighted in here, we are going to have to continue getting operating margin improvement, which we expect with not only the Covidien integration synergies but clearly with what other operating leverage components we are driving. The gross margin, the only comment I would make to our comments is, I’m not sure that the gross margin will be down, it’s possible that it will be on an as recorded basis because of FX, but the reality is we are expecting some of the - assuming some of our synergies will be coming in manufacturing line. So it’s possible you could see the gross margin being flat to may be slightly improving. But that’s probably the biggest fluctuation we saw here in Q4. So I think your assumptions for next year the way to laid it out is probably not a bad assumption right now until we can actually show that we can improve the gross margin a little bit.
Gary Ellis: Yes. Bob, I think you said it well. I mean in hindsight if we would have realized how much focus was going to be on the operating margin line, we probably clearly would have given a broader range when we were talking about that at the end of our Q3 earnings call. You know 30 basis point range that we gave on an as reported number were the FX anything else moving 30 basis points is $27 million. And $7 billion company with FX and all these moving part. That was my mistake, we should not done that, but we didn’t realize the focus everyone is going to have on it. And reason I think we were trying to address that and get it out for the modeling was exactly that, it’s not that we are not getting synergies. In fact, if anything the Covidien synergies and other operating leverage we are getting across the organization, we feel very good about and we are attracting that on a very tight basis. It’s the other moving parts that you just get from a large organization like this that we get specific uncertain-line item is creating an issue. So what we are trying to as Omar said, is focused on we are driving top-line, we have plenty of levers including all the costs synergies that we are achieving to drive the bottom-line. But in general, there is going to be some moving parts in middle and we were way to specific in Q3 on tight range on the operating margin and that was my mistake.
Gary Ellis: Yes. Again, remember Bob at the Q3 call, we really didn’t give any guidance for FY’17, we just said remember these factors as far as when you are putting together your thoughts for FY’17. And I think we basically have come in, as you said we have tightened up a little bit from that and as far as where we are at. FX it has been moving around, I mean you looked at even just a few weeks ago, it’s probably not $0.05 benefit from where we were - but may be as much as another $0.03 or $0.04 higher than that. So the dollar strengthened again a little bit. So we are being somewhat cautious, because as Omar said, FX has continue to be a headwind for us and we expect that in the next year. You are right, from and operating perspective, things are going very well, the revenue is strong, we are getting the operating leverage we would expect. But there is also lot of still moving parts, we still have a lot of integration efforts we have to get done, we are going live with SAP in Europe for the Covidien amities this week. So there is just still a lot of moving parts and we think the range we have given is consistent is what we communicated before and consistent with our long-term strategy.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I don’t know that I would give specificity in the quarter, but I would say same thing across the quarter. So on more volume growth and what we had seen in the last few quarters. We use a bunch of data points to be able to get to that. One of the big data points that I personally use is calling our sales reps, because we are out in the operating room and we see the number of cases. And there is definitely feel there was increase in volumes during the quarter. Until I see it for another couple of quarters, I’m not calling it a trend, its one quarter, but certainly felt nice in the quarter.
Bryan Hanson: No, I mean I think you said it Omar, I mean in and out of itself the Service & Solutions business has a lower margin just by its very nature, but the reality is there is benefits that also benefit rest of the company from those Services & Solutions that actually can potentially help leverage some of the margins on those sides of the equation. So it's a little bit of a headwind especially here in the near-term as Omar said, but as we get efficient at it we get more productivity out of it, in general we don't think it will have a huge impacts on our overall operating margins. And obviously it will help solidify and give us more sustainability in our overall revenue growth and even in our overall shares. So we feel good about the prospect overall and how it may increases the bottom line growth, but I think you are right in and out of themselves all those contacts the Service & Solutions component has a slightly obviously lower margin than the rest of the business.
Bryan Hanson: No, actually it is not isolating, it’s the other way around actually. But Kristen there is a couple of changes going on and we will get into this next week, but just summary. One moving into these different reporting divisions is really putting the businesses, organizing them by disease, state or condition versus technology and the example I'll give is neuromodulation. I mean that was the business largely held together based on technology implantable stimulator and from whether the gastro euro which we are now calling Pelvic Health or whether it be DBS or pain stim they are all calling on different physicians, specialties and we really felt we would get more traction if we organize by disease state versus by technology. So that’s going to help us one, focus on the physicians appropriately and two, innovate because when we are innovating we are looking across the disease sate and across the character changing rather. So that’s the one change and the other change that Omar mentioned in the commentary was moving into this general manager structure. So that gets to more execution and this is something that CVG has done over the last four-years, five-years where you are having General managers that are 100% focused on the individual therapy segment that they serve in this products within that therapy segment. So making your businesses more smaller, more focused and granular. So that’s another component of that and along with this we have fairly sweeping leadership changes across RTG and many of the leaders that are now running a group have top performers from other parts of Medtronic. And so combined with the different structure, the disease state organization with this GM structure to drive innovation and we have new proven players from other areas of Medtronic, we feel very good as we hit FY’17.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. You know another thing on spine, regarding surgical synergies. As you know the enabling technology platforms sit in what we historically call surgical technologies that component other is now in our brain business, so NAV and imaging. We actually go to a small surgical synergy team, which is a bridge between that business and our spine business and looking at our integrated technology roadmap by procedure as we move out and that also works for DBS as well. So before we had two separate businesses that weren’t linked quite close enough in my humble opinion to drive the surgical synergy benefit. So we put a small team and includes marketing as well as engineering talent to drive that integrated technology roadmap and that value proposition. So just in Q4 alone we had 50 new kind of combined capital equipment spine core metal deals, which is significantly more than we have had in the prior three quarters combined. And this is something that is a result of that and as we move forward, you will see the technology roadmap more integrated. So we have actually built a little bit of bridge between spine and our capital equipment business.
Michael Coyle: Yes, so first the overall growth of the market is at the high-end of the ranges that we had been speaking about in prior quarters. So the global market appears to be growing in the mid-30s, our reported growth this quarter is in the high-20s. I think the primary difference between our growth and the market growth is the performance of the large valve segment of the Evolut R. we don’t have available yet the 34 millimeter version. If we do get that product we would expect to be able to have its share of performance and perform like the other three sizes do and provide us the share growth opportunity. So that would be the primary for the current dynamics. In terms of overall market growth, obviously both international U.S. growth is well above as I said the high-end of where we have been thinking that the market would go. We think the positive date in the intermediate segment that has been available A from a competitive and B from our own sub analysis of our high risk data, [Technical Difficulty]. Essentially an expectation that by the time we get to 2021, we should be looking at a market that is around $4 billion with some modest penetration of the low risk segment and of course we have now started clinical trial activity in that low risk segment. So I think that would be our picture of the market there currently.
Michael Coyle: I would state the same, I mean it's very difficult even to get - you got to go to the different data points and triangulate just to get a sense of what is happening to the volumes, to go deeper level than that and understand why it's difficult to make assumptions, but it’s very difficult to pinpoint specific reason. The other thing I would reference beyond just the increase in overall volumes, the other thing that we are seeing is a mix shift, a much greater growth in the MIS procedures versus [indiscernible] and this is pretty consistent when I look at other players in the marketplace and I look at their revenue growth in the quarter. So I’m really happy about that and truthfully that's probably the bigger opportunity, a smaller uptick in surgical volumes in the U.S. versus a real change in the make shift MIS, although the make shift MIS all day along. And that’s pretty consistent again with what we have seen and what the rest are telling us and what we are seeing from other companies that are playing in the same space. That’s to me is really the story.
Michael Coyle: And again to clarify the spine comment. Look, this is specific spine customer and the only thing we did is remove interventional from that and that is not the same customer. It made a lot more sense to group that together with pain, where we have a lot of associated therapies and we were missing the big picture look at pain by splitting up all the different very significant non-opioid therapies that we had. And so this is really a disease based look and look at our customers and that will drive innovation and it will drive a clear picture of how we go to market with our sales force. And then it finally leads value based healthcare, driving for outcomes, is the only way in which you are going to do it.
