Karen Parkhill: Thank you, Omar. Our third quarter revenue of $7.546 billion represented organic growth of 4.4%. Foreign currency had a negative $149 million impact and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.29 and grew 10.3%. Adjusted operating margin was 29.2%, increasing 140 basis points in the quarter and 120 basis points through the first nine months of the year, including tailwinds from currency. We continue to drive underlying operating margin improvement as we execute on our company-wide Enterprise Excellence Program, driving improved efficiency, cost savings and generating leverage on solid sales growth. As a result, our SG&A this quarter improved by 70 basis points. Our adjusted nominal tax rate was 13.4%, which is better than expected due to the increased benefits associated with the finalization of taxes owed on certain returns. For fiscal 2019, we expect our tax rate to be in the range of 13.5% to 14%, including the nonrecurring tax benefits that we have received year-to-date. Excluding those benefits, our full year adjusted nominal tax rate would be approximately 15%. And with the addition of changes associated with U.S. tax reform, we continue to expect a tax rate of 16% to 17% in fiscal year '20. Third quarter free cash flow was $1.8 billion. Improving cash generation is a priority for all of us at Medtronic from the top of the company on down and you've seen the results of our increased focus on cash flow in our performance over the last several quarters. We remain committed to disciplined capital deployment, balancing reinvestment with returning a minimum of 50% of our annual free cash flow to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we have returned $3.9 billion to shareholders, including $1.8 billion of net share repurchases, resulting at a total shareholder pay out of 77% on adjusted net income. We also remain focused on increasing our return on invested capital through strong execution with our disciplined investment process around R&D and tuck-in acquisitions, including three we recently announced, Mazor, Nutrino and EPIX. We believe that this focus combined with our strong and growing dividend can create long term value for our shareholders. Before turning the call back to Omar, I would like to update our guidance. For fiscal year 2019, we are raising our organic revenue growth guidance to 5.25% of 5.5% which is the top half of our prior range. This reflects continued strength in MITG and RTG offsetting the second half headwinds in CVG and difficult comparisons in Diabetes. For the year, we now expect RTG to grow 5.5% to 6%, up from 5% to 5.5%; and MITG to grow 5.5% plus or minus up from 5% plus or minus. We continue to expect CVG to grow 3% to 3.5% and Diabetes to grow in the low to mid-teens. For the fourth quarter, we would expect growth for MITG and RTG to be between 3.5% and 4%. For CVG to look similar to the third quarter and for Diabetes to look roughly flat year-over-year. I would highlight that our expected fourth quarter growth through for diabetes is a bit of an anomaly given the prior year comparison when we were able to finally clear our large backlog for 670G and Sensor orders. And on a two year stack basis, the fourth quarter growth in Diabetes should look more normal. Most importantly, as we move into next year, we believe fourth quarter growth represents a likely bottom and as such would expect growth to improve for both Diabetes and the company. Turning to margins, we continue to forecast 50 basis points of four-year underlying operating margin expansion as we deliver to more than absorb the impact from product mix headwinds, China tariffs and the dilution from the Mazor acquisition. With respect to earnings, given our operational performance through three quarters including our ability to offset the headwinds I just mentioned, we are increasing our fiscal year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $5.14 to $5.16, up from $5.10 to $5.15. While the impact from currency is fluid if recent exchange rates hold, our full year revenue would be negatively impacted by approximately $425 million to $475 million. And despite the headwinds on the top line, given the benefits of our hedging program, FX is expected to be a modest positive to fiscal 2019 operating margins, earnings and free cash flow. Finally on the hills of strong free cash flow performance over the last nine months, we are increasing our expected fiscal 2019 range to $5 billion to $5.2 billion, up from $4.7 billion to $5.1 billion. And in fiscal year 2020, we expect to make additional progress on improving our conversion of non-GAAP earnings into free cash flow as we continue to drive increased focus across the organization. Now I'll return the call back to Omar.
Karen Parkhill: Good morning, David. Thanks for the questions. So on margin for next year, we are confident in our long-range plan and that continuing into next year of our ability to deliver between 40 and 50 basis points of underlying annual - underlying operating margin expansion.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate the question. Yes, we are continuing to work our annual plan right now, so it's early for us to issue our full year outlook. We'll do that on our fourth quarter call. But from what we can see today, we are confident in our ability to deliver a 4% plus topline revenue growth on an organic basis despite the fact that our pipeline is weighted to the back half of the year and that's obviously in line with our long-range plan. As I mentioned to David too, we're also confident in our ability to continue to drive annual underlying operating margin expansion to the tune of 40 to 50 basis points, also consistent with our long-range plan. I mentioned that you should continue to model our tax rate next year to be between 16% and 17%. We're continuing to work that tax rate as well as any other additional financial levers, but at this point we are comfortable with current street consensus. And on an FX basis, FX has been a headwind for us in the fourth quarter. We expect that to -- in the third and fourth quarter, we expect that to continue into next year. From an FX perspective, we would expect FX to be about several hundred million dollars on topline on the headwind and a modest impact on the bottom line. 
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So when you look at our full year forecast or our full year guidance for revenue growth that would imply about 3% plus or minus for the fourth quarter Bob. And that's what we're referring to as our low point.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate your question. And I definitely appreciate the fact that you got that our long-range plan holds for next year on an operational performance basis. Below the line there are additional financial levers. Looking at our tax rate and what we can do to work to improve that. Also looking at our interest expense and income line item, and then obviously share repurchase. We will focus on all of those levers and when we have updates on that we'll be sure to give them to you.
Karen Parkhill: Well said. The only thing I would add is that we're focused on improving our overall return on invested capital for the whole company and obviously our R&D pipeline is a big part of that. And as we look at tuck-in acquisitions, we’re focused on making sure that those ROICs are strong and accretive for the company too.
Karen Parkhill: And then the other thing I would add Vijay is that we mentioned that we think that our fourth quarter growth rate is a low point for us and so you can think about that as you look ahead next year too. And then from a benefit, your question about benefit on FX on operating margin line. We see FX as being a headwind for us and you can expect a little bit of a headwind on the operating margin line right now at least where we are today and where our hedging is right now.
Karen Parkhill: You totally covered it. I would just say that our Enterprise Excellence Program is specifically designed to drive that operating margin expansion and enable us to continue to invest heavily in R&D.
Karen Parkhill: Sure. Thanks Larry. You are already noted the comps which is a big deal. We had very tough comps in the back half and that changes as we move into next quarter. When we think about CVG too, we expect that to improve as we launch new products. But also keep in mind that we will anniversary the revenue recognition change that we made to the services and solutions part of CVG in the first quarter. And then we'll also anniversary the MCS decline in the third quarter. So hopefully those things help you. 
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question, Kristen. So FY 2020, we've talked about – we've got the big headwind of our tax rate. We also have some FX headwinds that I mentioned. So at this point, yes, we are comfortable with current street consensus and we will give our annual outlook on our fourth quarter earnings call. We're continuing to work our long-range plan. But at this point, I would say, we're comfortable. As we think about the strength of our pipeline though, it is weighted towards the back half of next year and beyond. And so we're really excited about that and beyond piece of it.
Omar Ishrak: Thanks, Karen. Before we go to Q&A, I want to take a moment to thank all of our employees around the world for executing to deliver another strong quarter and fulfilling the Medtronic mission. As I mentioned at the start, this was another solid quarter where we delivered the top line, along with strong adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. You're also seeing our ability to generate strong free cash flow. This is important as it enables us to both reinvest and return to our shareholders. As a reminder, we continue to allocate our capital to our biggest growth opportunities as we focus on driving our WAMGR, our weighted average market growth rate upwards and to the right. Our investments are resulting in a pipeline of numerous growth opportunities that has never been stronger. We expect to develop and bring to market the innovation that will improve the lives of millions of people around the world, help health care systems become more efficient and ultimately grow the intrinsic value of Medtronic. And when we do this, we expect our shareholders to benefit as well. We know there's much work to be done, but I'm excited about where Medtronic is headed. With that, let's now move to Q&A. In addition to Karen our four group presidents; Michael Coyle, Bob White, Geoff Martha and Hooman Hakami are also here to answer your questions. We want to try to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question and if necessary a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan in our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Omar Ishrak: Let me just try to put little word here. I understand operationally all the things that Karen just said and you understood and I can confirm that, but let's not forget about pipeline. Our pipeline is extremely exciting. We have some really some exciting new product introduction next year, the micro EVs one that I'm really excited about, the robotics and so on. So let's not forget that. Operationally, we'll be there but the pipeline sets us up normally for next year but for the future as well.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. First of all I think you're right about the pipeline that it is backend loaded towards the second half of the year and as the quarters progress you'll see the benefit of that in our growth rates and I think you read that correctly. But I think more importantly the other point that you made is that product introductions are the starting point. These things carry through into FY 2020, 2021 and filling these products will get approval in other countries and other new products will also come up towards FY 2021. So again from a product introduction perspective you'll see a gradual increase backend loaded like you mentioned and the growth rate will correspondingly follow that lower end of first half, higher in the second half. I think that's the right way to look at it.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. Just to sort of confirm that Kristen clearly as the pipeline comes through it's going to – the growth rate is going to accelerate and we're very confident in the plan that we've laid out the 4%-plus growth rate overtime and it's too early to talk about – tell you what are these plan, but clearly the expectation is as the quarters go by here the rate will grow – will rise and just the pipeline itself would imply that. So we're confident in increasing growth profile over time as we look into the future.
Omar Ishrak: Well, yeah, I'm glad you brought that up. I was going to make a comment anyway because for sure our pipeline is exciting, but the emerging markets performance and consistency and its gradual increase over time is something that we feel pretty good about. And I think the way to look at that is look -- there's no question about the demand rising and the fact that there’s a huge opportunity to increase penetration of existing products, which have been approved like for years. And we've over time built core expertise in how you do that in aligning patient awareness, helping build infrastructure and training physicians and then deploying our technologies. So that process -- and then going direct or optimizing our go-to-market strategies in those emerging markets. You put all of that together that's our strategy. Now that is something that you just flip a switch and you do it. You build that expertise over time and we've done that over the last I'd say at least five to seven years. And we have got a pretty clear understanding of how to continue to grow on that platform. And so we're pretty consistent -- we're pretty confident about the consistency of this double-digit profiling in emerging markets. I'm sure there will be macroeconomic changes here and there but by enlarge the health care need is somewhat independent of that and also the geographic diversification we have within emerging markets has proven to be an asset in enabling us to demonstrate consistency. So yes we are very confident in emerging markets of maintaining the double-digit profile and one that we've built a track record on, build experience on, and one you can depend on.
Omar Ishrak: Yeah, sure. Thanks. Thanks everyone. Thanks for question. And on behalf of the entire management team, thanks for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress and the results for a full year on our Q4 earnings call, which we currently anticipate holding Thursday May, 23. So thanks again to everyone for participating and for your support.
Hooman Hakami: David, I'll take the next one, and maybe before talking about FY 2020, it's probably instructive to talk about the comps that we're dealing with in Q3 because this impacts Q3, it impacts Q4. And you've seen a deceleration in the year-over-year growth versus what we posted for the past four quarters, but we have indicated all year that we're coming up against these more difficult comps. And I'll just maybe call out a few of the critical ones. If you recall, David, in the back half of last year, we started to increase CGM capacity that allowed us to fulfil shipment, pent-up demand for both pumps and CGM that carried over from the first half of last year. In addition, in Q3 of this year, we anniversaried Animas, and so all of the consumable revenue and all of the out-of-warranty conversions no longer provide a year-over-year benefit. And then the third thing in Q3 of last year, we also had one of the last large commercial payers approve the reimbursement of 670G. All of these three things distorted the year-over-year performance in Q3, they will do so as well in Q4 and it's primarily a U.S. dynamic. And maybe just to kind of point at it -- point out some perspective, to give you a flavor for the impact of the comps, last quarter Diabetes delivered $583 million of revenue and we grew 27%. This quarter we're delivering $610 million of revenue which is 5% higher than it was a quarter ago, and our growth rate is 6.5%; and so hopefully that should give you a sense of the difficult comps. That's going to carry into Q4 and you’ve heard sort of the outlook from -- in the commentary from Karen for Q4, but from a growth rate standpoint, we absolutely expect Q4 to be the low point for Diabetes growth. We expect the comp dynamics to normalize. We expect the return to growth in Q1 of next year, and then for FY 2020 certainly the full-year comp impact will normalize, and we are very confident that Diabetes is going to grow above the corporate average as we’ve indicated all along.
Hooman Hakami: Okay. Thanks Robbie. What I'll say is there's probably not enough time on this call to do first-line closed loop justice, but I'll give you kind of a flavor for it. We really think that Personalized Closed Loop is going to be a system that truly paves the way for a true closed loop system. And because of that we just - we don't feel that closing a loop is aspirational any longer, it's actually achievable. And if you really think about today's algorithms, Robbie, they essentially behave the exact same way for every single patient even though every single patient is different. Personalized Closed Loop changes all that. It's real-time system. It automates all facets of insulin delivery in a way that is personalized and adaptive to the user. In addition the system is going to provide unique insights to help the patient, help them with predictive diagnostics which we think is going to dramatically simplify diabetes management for the patient. And so we really think this is going to be a transformative system and we're thrilled to have received breakthrough designation for it from the FDA. Now, as far as launch date goes and all of that, we just received a breakthrough designation. For competitive reasons, I think it would be premature to talk about launch dates, but what I will say and you touched on this is that we're investing heavily in Personalized Closed Loop. Our acquisition of Nutrino was made with Personalized Closed Loop in mind. We are fully resourced from an R&D standpoint to drive this program as aggressively as possible and we're excited to share more details with you as we progress with the program.
Hooman Hakami: Yes. So, ADA 2020, I think, we will outline for you more details around Personalized Closed Loop for sure. And I think what you will see as we start to more articulate what the system is and what the capabilities are, you'll see that it will be completely differentiated with respect to -- not only what's out there today, but what's also coming.
Mike Coyle: So Bob, obviously the two late rating clinical trial presentations that we have coming up at the ACC are the low risk TAVR study and TYRX. Both of those have been accepted and we’ll also have simultaneous publication. On the TYRX in particular, we would estimate right now about one-third of what we would consider high risk device implant, actually use the TYRX product. So that would imply that if we have obviously a 7,000 patient study, we do have the power to answer the question of who is going to benefit from this. That it would give us if positive ammunition to basically highlight the sets of standard of care in what we consider to be high-risk in order what -- what we consider high risk is in large device implant on ICD or CRT device, CRT-P device or any de novo implant of those or any replacement procedure including pacemakers. So again, right now we have a utilization of about, one-third of our cases are actually using a TYRX by being able to add about $1000 per procedure and given the unique nature of this technology, it's only available from us. We think we can use it to drive market share as well in terms of both initials and potentially even on replacement basis. So we consider it to be a very important technology and a very important study. 
Mike Coyle: Well, certainly, we've seen patients be highly enthusiastic about less invasive approaches to therapy. And so there is a large patient pool that is associated with these technologies in TAVR and ultimately, in the mitral space. So I think non-inferiority is certainly a good starting point at this stage, if that's where it ends up. But over time, from my perspective, as we get more experience with these technologies and we see durability in the technology, we're going to see significant patient pool to expand in the market.
Mike Coyle: And Larry as it relates to drug-coated balloons, we actually -- we're quite pleased with the growth profile of the business. Obviously in January we're a little concerned when that med analysis came out where we saw certain accounts basically kind of pushing the pause button on utilization, while they waited for additional data. I think the communication across the board from the manufacturers looking at their own data in detail and especially our randomized controlled data in both the U.S. pivotal trial, the Japan trial and our Global Registry Data were helpful in terms of providing a patient level analysis. And then we've seen independent publications like the one we saw in JAMA here last week, that basically we showing on claims databases, no correlation with desk for paclitaxel. So as more and more data come out, it's obviously getting the market more comfortable with the conclusions around the performance of the technology. We know it off a significant efficacy benefits relative to standard balloon technology. And for us, we are looking at continued expansions and indications for use into new areas. We should have U.S. approval for AV fistula indication in FY 2020 and we continue to do work on below the knee. So we see that technology as an important strong long-term growth driver for our AVF business. 
Mike Coyle: Sure. Well, the two issues that identified at the JPMorgan Meeting were almost simultaneous, right, the approval of the competitive HeartMate 3 product and the changes to heart failure guidelines. As we went through the quarter the front end of the quarter really took the brunt of that -- sort of market correction. We think the U.S. market was down 20% to 25% as basically LVADs -- patients with LVAD were kind of put to the bottom of the list where heart transplants. And obviously a lot of those patients are now being bridged to transplant with technologies like ECMO. So the question will be, how did they do in their transplant surgeries when they're on a less robust support system over time? And obviously that's going to take new quarters to play out in terms of being able to look at, what it does to the overall market. But clearly, the bigger issue for us was the competitive share shift that we saw. Our competitive brought out a meaningful improvement over their older technology. There was a lot of interest in the market to try it and see how it was performing. We had seen some of those accounts coming back, but there is a big correction that now has taken place. And I think whereas we were looking at sort of a 35% market share prior to that new product coming in. During this quarter, it was closer to 20%, on a global basis it has settled out at sort of a 25% share price for us. I think that is probably a good way of thinking about the go forward for the overall market. We obviously have a lot that we're working on in terms of our dichotomy indication for a less invasive surgical placement for the HVAD technology and we have a number of important technology developments that are taking place to the system that we think can help improve complication rates to both go-to-market and grow our shares. So but at least in the short term, this will be a headwind for us for the next several quarters.
Mike Coyle: So on Intrepid we continue to enroll in the APOLLO study. We've been very pleased we have not seen any drop off in enrollments rates in the wake of collapse data. And we continue -- these are all typically delivered technology or products right now. We continue to work on the pipeline for transfemoral, and obviously we're still making a strategic decision around how small do we need to make the profile of the device, we can make it transfemoral right now or in a trance assignment. It's a large technology. So the decision whether to actually make that a -- engineer a smaller solution and then go into market with it, or into clinical trials with it or to go with a larger version that we're currently developing is still a work in process. And then on the Simplicity trial ,we continue to enroll in both the off med on med pivotal trial results which will be the basis for the PMA approval. We would expect data availability for that early in FY 2021.
