Omar Ishrak: First of all, we’ve stated our capital allocation policies and we’re kind following that. Second, we’ve got a big transaction with this divestiture that you’re -- that’s coming up, and we’re really focused on that. Third, our strategy for acquisitions, we’ve said all along which is a disciplined strategy of looking at companies which fit our strategic goals that give us returns above our cost of capital over the long-term and that either doesn’t have any or minimizes any dilution to present income. And those are the strategies we look at and the sizes, secondary and all of that through the strategic goals of the company and whether it fits or not is what we look for. But right now our focus really is on the divestiture.
Omar Ishrak: I think your observation is correct. And as you said, our surgical volumes are hanging in there, they are stable. I won’t say that they are going in upward trend or anything, but they’re certainly stable. And I see that to continue. I would like to point out though that MedTech markets do swing a little more based on new product introductions, especially in the U.S., which is what we are looking at. And so, like we have had some pretty important launches in the last six months or so, and also important ones going forward as we have mentioned. So, I think you should probably think that into account that the technology introductions do give a swing to the MedTech space that probably hospitals in general wouldn’t see. I think that’s the best I can do.
Omar Ishrak: As we’ve mentioned before, as we transition out of getting margin improvement from the Covidien synergies to the future, gross margin improvement through operations consolidation is going to be one of our biggest growth drivers in that area, our productivity drivers in that area. And as we do that -- as you put that [ph] you will see benefit across all groups because operations consolidation takes advantage of common facilities and that drives this proportion increase in some of the areas. So, I would say that that is one of our key strategic drivers; it’s one that we’re focused on; it’s a first big transformational element of productivity that we’re focused on as we come out of the Covidien synergy period, which will really be finished by the end of this coming fiscal year. So, that’s what we expect to see, and we expect to see continued improvement in gross margin. And as Karen pointed in the guidance, we expect some improvement in the coming year.
Omar Ishrak: Well, the CapEx, our business is overall less dependent on CapEx. But at the same, if you remember that the CapEx that we have is very linked to procedures. These are not necessary diagnostic procedures; these are actual therapy procedures and therefore is often funded by growth in those procedures. So, we’re somewhat -- I think it’s better to see our business more in line with volumes of procedures, rather than CapEx investments in general. So, I think that’s probably a better way to look at our business rather than specifically CapEx investments.
Omar Ishrak: I think, look, the new technology -- we’ve seen that when meaningful new technology comes out in our space, it comes out with good clinical evidence that says that if you deploy these, they have meaningful benefit for patients. And in general, we’ve seen, if reimbursement is there, which we usually make sure it is, then there is pretty good adoption when new technology comes in. And we see the market and basically share goes up with the introduction of those new products. So, I think that’s really the biggest driver of any market swings into the MedTech space in the U.S.
Omar Ishrak: Look, we just wanted to provide a slightly tighter range than a generic mid-single digit range which we could have, but we just wanted to give a slightly tighter range. And I think that’s where that came from. I think that what we’ve seen this past fiscal year is we’ve seen some movement in the quarter, there is some level of uncertainty in marketplaces always. So, we just wanted to make sure that we again can hit the guidance that we put out there. I think the trend that we have right now, the new products would suggest that we should be able to deliver within that range.
Omar Ishrak: Yes, I think, look, we intend to move that up. I mean that is our goal. I think the move will be gradual, rather than sudden. So, expect that from us. I think there is enough macroeconomic uncertainty that what we have had is the odd region really getting hurt by that. I want to point out that these are macroeconomic, but like the Saudi situation, was not a reduction in implant rates. So, the procedures actually are pretty stable. But as these countries sort out their own management of inventory and their own ability to deliver these products, they are going through these moves, which drive some constrains in the sale of these products. So, I am not sure that they are all necessary bad as these markets stabilize over time. We are encouraged by the fact that the implant rates actually at the customer level continue to grow. That’s one thing. So, the closer we get to these customers and more direct we become, I think you will start to see these rates start to go up in a systematic fashion. If I were to point one thing, it is our ability to go direct. I think the more we do that, the higher our growth rates will become, not only from immediate transition but ongoing growth as we get closer to these customers.
Omar Ishrak: Well, like I mentioned little earlier and like we’ve stated all long, the first area that we are already beginning to see some benefit from is in operations consolidation, in reducing our manufacturing footprint, consolidating many of the operations that we’ve had around the world that we’ve sort of instituted over time. So, we expect some gross margin improvement as a result of that and that’s our first focus. Beyond that through the Covidien integration, we’ve had the opportunity to put in place a new IT system and SAP. And I think the benefits of that will play itself out over a longer period in the next few years as we reduce our back office footprint in different centers around the world. I think those are the two big ones. I think following that we are also looking at creating more-efficient shared services in some of our functions, which again the availability of an IT system facilitates that as well. So, those are the approaches that we are going after and we are building a pretty solid strategic roadmap to execute that.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. We’re over a year into the first one, the auto program and the uptake from different hospitals has been relatively slow; I think they are picking up on it and I think that’s progressing. We’ve got our own offering that you will start to hear about more this year. But in addition, what’s equally significant is that CMS has introduced some cardiac bundles, and we are also in the process of coming up with offerings in those areas. We are actually -- we have a lot more experience and clear data that we already have of benefits that we can get by looking at the therapy over an extended period. So, we still are supportive, very supportive of CMS’s move toward these value-based bundle payments. I think these programs have clear outcome measures. They identify the patient cohorts that get these treatments. And these are areas where we can have -- we can make contributions, both in the care pathway itself working with our physician customers and partners, as well as in technologies. So, we are very supportive of these, and we are seeing hospitals beginning to start to implement these procedures.
Omar Ishrak: I think on the China question, that’s actually a very good question, in terms of emerging markets in general. As these markets go to universal coverage, there will be a tendency to kind of homogenize the products. I think that’s sort of encouraged us to take our value based healthcare analysis and business models to these emerging markets much more rapidly and in a much more accelerated fashion than we were thinking because the key to getting the differentiated pricing, if you like, is to demonstrate differentiated outcomes, which we think we can. And so that’s how this is going to go and play there as well. We will demonstrate additional value with these differentiated products. If there is no value, we shouldn’t be getting more price. And so, I think that’s the way we have reported and it’s really a slight sort of reprioritization of our own strategies in the sense of the value based healthcare effort is now getting increasing traction in some of these emerging markets. We’ve previously thought that that was in access only situation but we think now access couple with value based healthcare, in fact making sure that we get differentiated products with fair pricing in all these markets as universal coverage kicks in.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Thank you, Karen. And thanks to all of you for your questions. On behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q1 call which we currently anticipate holding on Tuesday, August the 22nd. Thank you all very much.
Karen Parkhill: I would just add that in the near term we’re focused on fulfilling our commitment to reduce our leverage post the Covidien acquisition, and that’s exactly what we’re doing. Over the longer term, we’re focused on reinvestments to drive stronger growth and better margins in the longer term.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question, David. We’re very focused on driving operating margin improvement and leverage. And we cannot get to our double digit bottom line on our mid single digit top line without driving that operating leverage improvement. We’re focused on driving solid plans going forward and executing against those solid plans to ensure that we deliver. As I said before, we will focus on the top line and bottom line, recognizing we need to get the leverage in between, but not focus as much as on the exact basis points of leverage in between because that can vary in any period.
Karen Parkhill: So, the IRS did recently request to appeal the tax court decision. We do expect this to delay the ultimate outcome and the movement of cash. Until the IRS files are opening brief, which we expect in the first quarter, we won’t have a better estimate on the length of the delay. We do still believe our initially filed returns were correct and we continue to defend that position. In terms of the movement of cash and the debt pay down, we do anticipate to use obviously the proceeds from the divestiture to pay down debt. And our leverage target of getting to around three times at the end of this fiscal year and continuing to be focused on maintaining an A credit rating do not include the expected proceeds of the Puerto Rico settlement.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. We are -- it is included in our guidance of 9% to 10% EPS growth. And so, we are not giving an exact amount on that, mainly because it is dependent on our stock price movement, on the exercise of our options which are inherently very difficult to predict. We do expect that change to give us a slight tax benefit in the next year.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks for the question, Bob. You have the right ins and outs. And we did say that we will update the guidance post the close of the divestiture, just a little confusion. So but, the impacts from the -- the dilutive impact on EPS is you right that $0.12 to $0.18 is dependent on when we close the acquisition. We still expect close in the second quarter, but we don’t know if it will be the beginning of the second quarter or the end of the second quarter. So, that’s why we have the range. In terms of the $0.09 to $0.10 EPS growth -- 9% to 10% EPS growth, we obviously are fully committed to our mid single digit top line and double digit bottom line growth over the longer term. In this fiscal year, our top end of that range is clearly double digit. Impacting the lower end of that range is the fact that we have a temporary increase in our interest expense, this fiscal year, given the slight increase in our debt as we focus on repaying it down with the proceeds. So, it’s a temporary impact. And then, we also do have purposeful investment in SG&A in the first half of the year as we get ready to launch very important new product.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. That’s correct, Vijay. Our guidance for revenue would be on an organic basis and including the impact from acquisitions that will benefit us more in the first part of that year, given that we acquired these assets at the beginning of last fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: And I would just -- in terms of CapEx hitting our cash flow, we would anticipate approximately $1 billion over the next two to three years, in line with what we’ve had over the last couple of years. Our spending on IT investments should come down over the next one to two years but that will be offset by investments in our manufacturing consolidation strategy.
Karen Parkhill: No, the only thing that I would add is that we are focused on delivering consistent reliable growth.
Karen Parkhill: Thank you for the questions. We do have -- we do expect if current rates remain stable to where they are today, a positive impact to revenue for the year, as you mentioned the $75 million to $175 million and a negative EPS impact of $0.05 to $0.10. That mismatch is really driven by the fact that the FX impact on revenue is based on rates versus a year-ago, put simply. But the impact on gross margin is based on the time the inventory’s been on our balance sheet. So that can mean you can have differences between the top and bottom line impact. But, I think it’s important to note for this fiscal year at least in any case that that $0.05 to $0.10 negative impact on the bottom line is only a small headwind compared to previous years.
Karen Parkhill: Before we end Q&A, I want to correct a statement that I made on the guidance around the quarterly gating. We do expect revenue growth for the full year, as I said, to be in the 4% to 5% range and looking at the first quarter, I had said the fourth quarter but I meant to say the first quarter. Looking at the first quarter, we would expect total Medtronic revenue growth to be similar to that annual range.
Mike Coyle: Yes. We’re heading into particularly I think attractive pace for new product introduction. Obviously the 34 mm is now available in U.S. and in Europe and impacted the fourth quarter. We’ve got the approval for Evolut PRO, which is our next generation valve, transcatheter valve in the U.S. that really didn’t have an impact on Q4, but will in Q1 and that will follow on with European group in the first half of next year. As you mentioned Onyx in the U.S. is now approved didn’t really impact Q4, but will for the rest of fiscal 2018. Micra and CRT-D quad, the MRI -- CRT-D quad will also have meaningful impact on the quarter. And as we move through the summer, we expect expansion of intermediate risk for core valve as well as Onyx approval in Japan and in the second half we will be looking at destination therapy for the hardware technology as well as drug-coated balloon improvement in Japan. So those will big the drivers of our growth in FY18.
Mike Coyle: Glenn, I think we actually did have some meaningful share capture in the U.S. from really two sources, one was what was initial implant growth, which was approaching the single digit, which is pretty good given that the overall market was probably slightly down in terms of initial implants. But we also -- and as you point it’s a combination of things, not just the MRI labeling that we have but also some very significant differentiation in each of the product categories. Our Visia AF is the only single-chamber device that can actually detect atria fibrillation and report it out, so essentially getting [indiscernible] with each single-chamber device. And then, the differentiated algorithms that we have within our CRT systems, the Adaptive CRT and quad CRT that have been showing reduced hospitalization for the recurrent heart failure. So, those are things that we think will continue to maintain differential advantage for us even after competitors match up on the MRI side, which was not the case, it was more of an equalization [ph] when they came out with the technology. But the other thing that was occurring during the quarter and we expect to continue to occur is that we’ve actually had a nice improvement share on the replacement market and that is principally driven by that as you point out a major competitive recall but even more important by this TYRX [ph] program that was mentioned in the context of the commentary. Infections are particularly a problem in replacement procedures especially with ICD and CRT systems. And we instituted this risk-sharing performance guarantee program where an account can actually get, if you will, insurance on a patient combing back with an infection, we will make a major payment, [indiscernible] to help offset the cost of the infection, as they will lose money on given current reimbursement rates and what they have to do to treat those patients. But that’s only available; they are actually using the envelope on a Medtronic device. So, that has actually resulted in a pretty big spike to percent increase in the number of devices that are going in on competitive leads. And so that is really helping us to drive growth.
Mike Coyle: Certainly, U.S. growth has been robust, high 30s for the U.S. market, I think it’s being driven by two things, one is penetration into the intermediate risk, which of course we haven’t had opportunity yet to participate in beyond our current trial enrollments, given that we don’t have approval on that segment, but we do expect to get it here by the end of the summer. And then secondly, we have been taking share and exceeding the high risk patient population, principally driven by the presence of the 34 mm valve that was the segment that we described as being 30% of our mix. And that’s proving to be true as we mobilize [ph] the market. But the other thing it does when we obviously have that full amount range of products is it lets you participate more broadly in the accounts. And so, we’ve been expanding account penetration as well as expanding share in that segment. And obviously now the opportunity to bring Evolut PRO into the market, given its improvement in terms of both rates of PDL as well as reductions in pacemaker rates, we think really position us well to continue to kind of grow and pick share there. Europe was much more of share capture story as 34 mm came in later there. So, it seems the same dynamic in the U.S. but we also obviously have the benefits of some market dynamics there with the Lotus recall [ph] opening an opportunity for us to take some additional share as well. So, we had meaningful sequential share capture taking place there. There are obviously other dynamics there with some of loading of shelves in Germany at one of our competitors that even when we -- when we shift that, we see very significant share capture. And obviously we are continuing momentum in the OUS markets, probably low-20s overall growth or so. So I think that pretty much summarizes where the market is.
Mike Coyle: Well, they certainly are and the attention in terms of improving the productivity of patient flow through those centers and we are seeing that. So, I think that is opening up capacity but we are also seeing more centers actually being able to qualify to be TAVR centers, and so that number is well over 500 now and we continue to participate in probably 450 of those and we are going to expand as we move into the intermediate risk. So, I think all centers realize how important it is to be able to participate here given the patient demand and just the clinical benefits for patients to get TAVR technology. So, we continue to see -- for capacity to grow within existing centers and then for new centers to come on stream.
Mike Coyle: Bruce to answer your question, just starting on LAA, that’s the segment we don’t currently participate in; that’s a segment that our business development team keeps a pretty close watch on. We think there are puts and takes with the existing technology we think there maybe some better ways to go about this, we haven’t seen anything yet that has caused us to want to jump in. But it’s like anything else, we continue to look at it and then the progress follow the market and then technology that it is available. And then on your question around TMVR, it would be pretty mature to talk about this specific study design. We’re still in discussions with FDA and what that might look like. We are now at essentially 50 implants with our existing intrepid system. We are increasingly enthused that we have the right design to go into clinical trials and we are working on the study design with FDA and will probably have more to say about that over the next quarter or two.
