Karen Parkhill: Hi, Bob. It's Karen and thanks for the question. So the slowdown that we started to see the last couple of weeks in July has continued into August. And we do expect the delta variant to impact us, particularly in the U.S. or this quarter. And particularly in certain of our businesses in cardiovascular and neuroscience, really those businesses that are impacted by deferrable procedures like in cardiac diagnostics, ICDs, pain stems, Spine, and also in those businesses that require ICU bed capacity for the procedure, like in TAVR. That said we expect this delta variant to -- to infection rates to peak probably in late August to early September and hospital and ICU capacity to improve a few weeks after that. And so by the time we exit our Second Quarter, we expect procedures to be back to more normal, but we've reflected all of this in our guidance for the Second Quarter. And we're really bullish about the underlying strength of our business, not just in the Second Quarter, but -- but in the back half and the full year ahead.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Robbie. So for the Second Quarter with The impact of the delta variant, we're expecting growth of around 4%, as we mentioned. That includes what we estimate to be about 150 basis points impact from COVID, so -- so stronger underlying growth outside of COVID. And I would also remind you that we've got ventilators coming down off of our peak in the Second Quarter last year. That's another about 200 basis points headwind. And then with our decision to no longer sell on distributing LVADs in our MCS business. That's another about 50 basis points headwind. So the true underlying strength when you take out COVID or the impact of events And MCS is around 8% for the quarter. In terms of EPS, we're guiding for the quarter $1.28 to $1.30, which includes a currency tailwind of about $0.04. And if we think about the rest of the year, we'll give Q3 guidance on our Q2 earnings call. But I would keep in mind that you can expect our investment to step up over the next coming quarters, really as we progress towards these important new product launches. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Matt for the question. So in terms of regionally, the impact that we're seeing is mostly in the U.S. and we've talked about that. We do have Japan and certain countries in Asia-Pacific like Australia, New Zealand, and Vietnam being impacted because lockdowns are still in place there. In Europe, we're seeing the impact in the UK. And in Latin America, we're not seeing a big impact on the Delta variant at this point. So hopefully that's helpful. In terms of patient sentiment and the impact around capacity availability, we do expect this impact to be short-lived. And really it's because hospitals are better equipped as Geoff talked about, vaccination rates are increasing around the world. And the patient sentiment is understanding that we need to have life go on with the COVID variant. And so we're seeing that. And so we do expect a recovery here to be faster, certainly than it was in the first wave and even in the second wave.
Geoffrey Martha: You asked about China. Look, Bob, we're seeing alluded impact so far in China, much less so than in the prior waves. I mean, they're pretty aggressive, when they see a COVID case, they can isolate that geographic area and they do reduce mobility via consumer mobility if you will, but they've kept the hospitals open. And I think they handled it pretty well. So we've seen limited impact so far in China.
Geoffrey Martha: We were working through the prior waves of backlog fairly quickly and we continue to see improvement from our last earnings call. we had -- May was better than April. June is better than May. July is better than June. And it wasn't until the last few weeks of the month that we started to see the pullback. And again, it was -- it's isolated to where we're feeling is more in developed countries, the U.S. being a big one, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and -- and just use U.S. example. It's really limited to the areas geographically in the U.S. where you have lower vaccination rates. It's that simple. And where you have higher vaccination rates, we're not seeing it. The other thing that is -- if you look at a Venn diagram of the concentric circle it's those geographies and then the procedures that we're seeing are just like we saw in the first wave. The ones that slowed down first as either the more highly electable ones like pain stim or Spine or ICDs, or in our world cardiac diagnostics, those are more elective, I would say or and I would say is procedures that require an ICU stay like a TAVR procedure. So those are the ones that we're seeing it, the pullback. And it's in the regions of the U.S. to use that example, where vaccination rates are lower. And again, hospitals are better equipped. Karen already went through, we think this is going to be peak here at the end of August that the kind of the hospitals, the infection rates if you will, hospitalization rates will trail that by a couple of weeks. We do think this is shorter-lived and easier managed than the prior waves. So I mean that's been the progression, so it hasn't quite peaked yet. And like I said, we didn't start seeing, I would say, the pullback till the last few weeks in July. And at that point, we were pretty much back to either 100%, in some cases over 100% of pre-COVID levels in our therapies.
Geoffrey Martha: Sure. I'll let just secure Bob on some of the more specifics of Hugo and Sean on the cardiovascular timing there. But I'll just say look, you saw the video and we were just out. The surgeon's feedback has been great. Very excited and look as I talked to the other health systems around the world, there's definitely an appetite. They want us to win here. So that's a positive sentiment. The demand is high, surgeon feedback initially is strong and we just had our whole leadership team at one of our operational centers here for the robotics business. They have a couple of R&D centers around the world and a large operational center in Connecticut. Our whole XCOM was there and they just made so much progress. And we're feeling pretty good right now, but I'll let Bob give you more of the specifics.
Geoffrey Martha: On patient sentiment, I would say it's much better than it was a year ago. There were a lot of unknowns. There was no vaccination. I think you're seeing a lot of people that have a concern have gotten vaccinated and there are others that have not that have a different viewpoint on the virus. And but all-in-all, patient sentiments are in a much better spot. And as Karen pointed out, hospitals are much better equipped.
Geoffrey Martha: Thanks for the comments and the question Danielle (ph). The tuck-in strategy is definitely the one that we're focused on. And it's been consistent with what we've been doing over the last couple of quarters. I think we've done 7 deals over the last 1.5 years or so for about $2.3 billion. This one is roughly a billion dollars, this is the kind of deal I would expect from us. This one happens to be earnings neutral in the first 12 months and accretive thereafter. It's accretive to our average market growth rate at the segment with any ENTs growing in the mid-teens. And the returns are strong. Well, well above our weighted average cost of capital. These are the kind of deals we -- that we would like to see. They are in areas that we're strong. So the -- ENT is one of our stronger businesses, Karen pointed out in her opening remarks. In terms of where to look beyond, I mean that's tough to forecast, I'd say this we're -- we are looking it at all of our different operating units and the different segments that they serve. We spent a lot of time and resources looking at different opportunities and engaging different companies. Yes, we've got opportunities across the portfolio and it's difficult to predict where the next one, next one will be, but it will -- we're still very focused on this tuck-in strategy. And I'd like to say that we're not buying growth here. We're growing what we buy, we buy these earlier stage companies. And there tends to be a lot of synergies that drive, that drive growth, whether it be technical or clinical, or a big one would be commercial, especially outside the U.S. since a lot of these companies tend to be U.S. based, these startups. That's how I'd answer that, and hopefully, we can continue to keep this going because it does add to our weighted average market growth rate
Geoffrey Martha: Okay. I will. And thanks to everybody for the questions and we definitely appreciate your support and your continued interest in Medtronic. And look, I hope you all join us for our Q2 earnings webcast, which we anticipate holding on November 23rd, where we will update you on our continued progress here. So with that, thanks for watching today. Hope you enjoyed it, the drumline is back. Please stay healthy and safe. And have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Sean Salmon: It really is dependent on the between-group difference and standard deviation. So we don't have fix date, it will be this time, and that time, it gets there when it gets there. If it puts your mind at ease and all, we had the same situation around with the SURTAVI trial, and remember that. That was also based on design. It didn't reach its statistical significance on its first interim look, but it did on the second one. And of course, 2-year results were almost identical to that when they finally hold out. So it will just push down, there's still are 3 looks at this but as just said, we're confident we're gonna get there for everything. But we don't know anything, so until -- until the Events Committee lets us know that we're good to present. So that's our plan, we're going about and we'll go from there. The retro Trio, look, it's good for leverage-positive share and controlled study, and I don't think that patient population for our regiments is so comparable necessarily. So it really isn't a return.
Sean Salmon: So Vijay, we [Indiscernible] mark this quarter, the [Indiscernible] for the U.S. approval is currently enrolling. We think that we should see the mark sometime in the first half of calendar year '22, and it will be approximately a year later.
Sean Salmon: Sure, Thanks, Geoff. Thanks for the question. You're right that reimbursement is the most important thing we have to get right in a few things. We have already set approvals in CE Mark countries right now and we have now the European society of cardiology is of high potential, put out a statement in July, recommending already in this part of the treatment paradigm, that kind of things as guidelines, recommendations, society recommendations important for payer sneaker considerations. In the U.S. your right will be the best way to get the coverage approved. That has been delayed by the change in administration that's under review right now. Or if I'm really would be whether or not [Indiscernible] gives you the coverage that we just go the same way we do it then maybe other therapy we are building it pair by pair [Indiscernible] geography including the U.S.. You having [Indiscernible] the payment and coating and next steps. So there's a good proportion of the patients that are going to be commercial insurance anyway. And we've been doing that work and it was part of the reason why we bought out their clinical trials trial strategy the way we did, showing patients on medications. So, it is going to be in the commercial world, payer by payer and it's going to be for Medicare. Will get [Indiscernible] rolling. We'll have covered, by the way, we work those payment coating there. But it's hard to handicap how fast the ramp goes because we don't have clarity on that last point.
Sean Salmon: Yes. Sure. So we have picked up share in the U.S. as well as in Europe recently. And I think that customer overlap, lowering the pacemaker rate, and increase the predictability of procedures have been barely really helpful. In Europe, we've launched the PRO+ just recently. We got also approval, as you know, in Japan for the low-risk indication. Typically, it's about a quarter before our reimbursement gets in line with that. And then, of course, China is an opportunity for us. We've been working on local clinical strategy there, and we have good progress going. There's a lot of -- more solution. Now for -- China is a little bit of a nascent market yet for converts, it's still under a good growth curve but it's restricted to just a few centers within a very big city at this point in time. I will really be -- -- the penetration into low risk everywhere, typically nine states continue to be the biggest growth driver. And of course, as we expanded to Asia, Matt pace in future analysis going, everything's looking pretty in Southern but for the COVID challenges are -- that happened because of the concentrated nature of our business in a short line, Feeling really good about where we are pipeline, FX is been -- really big improvement in the predictability of we do. That's one of the biggest [Indiscernible] for people to learn, that come up on expandable, that stability implant, and market bounds lines, it's exactly where's it's being placed [Indiscernible] to the new implant, a technique to spend really a home run for us.
Sean Salmon: Thanks, Geoff (ph). The combination of seven 780G with sense as a required confirmation or non - adjunctive has been filed with the U.S., and we're seeing really good interactive back-and-forth reduced sense. That's really good, but that's Europe launch right in the second quarter where you have no fingersticks sensor mix and where infusion set and 780G, that's really a nice combination. Of course, we love to bring that to the U.S. as soon as possible. But things are on track as far as we can tell. As you may know in that division FDA has been very busy with COVID, so it's hard to handicap exactly when timelines happen. But we do think [Indiscernible] making good progress in [Indiscernible]
