Gary Ellis: Yes, Mike. I mean, as we indicate in our comments, obviously, we are looking at this. We are excited about the opportunity that we are able to get access to this cash and make it available. We are looking at different options. As we indicated in our comments, obviously, the main focus of that will be, we did take on a lot of debt related to the transaction. We have commitment on the debt side that we want to look at, but obviously the other opportunity for us is to take a look at share repurchases and accelerate that as a potential. We are looking at both, options we are evaluating that. We are having conversation with our Board. As we make decisions, once we make those decisions, then we will communicate what our plans are, but we just do not want to get ahead of ourselves in communicating before. Again, we have had a full dialogue and discussion with the board.
Gary Ellis: David, to your first comment about earnings per share, the answer on the constant currency would be yes. That is what we would expect to see in the back half of the year. That is not - if you look at the first half of the year, basically we have seen between 11% and 12% kind of constant currency comparable growth overall, so we expect that to accelerate a little bit in the back half of the year as we talked about primarily because of more of the benefits of the Covidien integration and all the integration efforts coming through, so total related to the $850 million commitment that we have move to by FY'18, we are right in line. In fact, maybe slightly ahead of our plans to deliver $300 million and $350 million in the current year and right in line with the expectations on doing that for the full 850 by FY'18, so we feel very confident about that. We feel confident about that in our earnings per share guidance we are providing to the organization or to the investors, but in general yes that is right in line with our expectations but foreign-exchange does continue to be a negative headwind for us obviously, but on a comparable constant currency basis, we are seeing an acceleration in our growth.
Gary Ellis: Well, with respect to of the profit margin, I mean, you cannot take our Q4 number and annualized that because as you look historically the same way that you had with Covidien that we just talked about as far as the tough comparison. Our Q4, the profit margin is always much, much higher than the previous three quarters. That is historical, because we have a strong closing and so you have a lower rate. We cannot annualized the fourth quarter, but obviously we are in the 20% 29% range for the full-year that we have been talking about then we would obviously continue to build on that number, so that is kind of the - you take the average for the year and then build on that standpoint of the incremental improvements we will see from value capture going forward is what you should assume, but my only point is just do not take the fourth quarter annualized, because that it unusual it spite by the low-end the best profit operating margin tends to be in the fourth quarter, but we would obviously could expected to continue to improve. The cash flow in the quarter, $1.1 billion includes some restructuring cost resurgence stuff like that, so we pulled that out. You are closer to the $1.3 billion and the point if you looked historically Medtronic and Covidien, the cash flow also similar to the profits rose as we go through the year, so it is always actually that $1.2 billion or $1.3 billion about 40% to 50% versus where Medtronic, Inc. itself was a year going into the quarter, we would expect still for the current year that we are going to be somewhere around $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion in free cash flow and similar to what we talk about on the profit to the cash flow also improve in the back half of the year, which is normal because we are first half of the year we are paying off bonuses and things like that in the prior year in the cash flow just it spite historical nature is just lower, but in the back half of that will accelerate so we are still very confident that for the current you will be in that $6.3 billion to $6.5 billion and similar to what we have talking about our earnings growing close to double digits on that cash flow going forward over the next several years and generating as we talked about close to $40 billion in free cash flow over the next five years. We are still very confident about that.
Gary Ellis: Well, I mean as far as the trial process, yes. There is a process where there is some briefing that had to be provided by both parties like the government and Medtronic that occurred I believe in October. That is all been done from what I understand and now we are in a situation is and the judges per view the judge has the option to take as long as sheets would you like in those case. We are assuming that at the end of our fiscal 2016 early into FY'17 is what she will make sure make a decision, but it can go longer too. This is her decision on how quickly she moves in making that decision. As far as settlement discussions, again, I cannot say anything on that, because obviously settlement discussions required two parties to come together and at the point of time, I cannot say anything about that at all. I mean you get happens to happens that in the mean time we are just waiting to see what the decision is from the court case.
Gary Ellis: Well, as far as the synergy number of the $300 million to $350 million, I would say right now we probably have already achieved about 40% of that the 35% to 40% has already been incurred. We have indicated previously that a bigger portion would be in the back half of the year and that is kind of what we are still expecting, so I would expect that 60%-plus of the benefit will at the back half of the year so. We are right in line with our plans and our targets the back slightly ahead of where they are at but approximately 40 % we have already realized up to this point. With respect to the guidance just as far as taking look at the quarters and stop, all we are looking If you look historically, our Q2 and Q3 historically both revenue and bottom line are relatively consistent and there is not a big change overall between those two and we did a $3 here in the current quarter. We are assuming that there will be an R&D tax credit. There is a benefit for in the third quarter, so overall I would get you more in the $5 to $6 range and all we are saying is, that versus where the street it is at I think it is a bit higher than that number. On the other hand I would tell you I think the street loan lower in Q4 versus what we would have historically see as far as an uplift. So our saying is if you look at our historical modeling Q2, Q3 are usually relatively consistent and it is Q4 where you sees a big jump I think there has been two much way we put in Q3 right now and but again these are your models you guys can put together how you like, but that's if you look at history I think you are going to see that you are a little lit bit probably lower high in Q3.
Gary Ellis: Look, that is an area that is pretty active I mean one thing that you just try about was the in stroke were the linked our product feeding into the stroke care and vascular channel is one that is pretty high in our list. I can tell you that as a business, as a leadership team we work to figure out methodologies where internally we can have our selling groups of multiple products and do it in a way that is scalable unsustainable and then in an organized way around the world I think that first step was pretty important. So that area certainly is a big sort of enabler for us to move products around various sales channels and we have done that and we will have to see how these things go forward but there is a lot discussion between sales team using those principles without getting distracted from their main focus as to how accelerate their growth. So we are optimistic that we will start to see those but the specifics of those right now are still sort of being generated. The other area that I will point is the translation of the operating room managed services from Cath Lab I mean that is a big step for us and the acceleration there is pretty exciting. As you can see, like I said we have already closed six of those deals $140 million in cumulative revenue that is much faster than anything that Covidien was originally planning for and we are only beginning there, so those are the ways in which we are looking at this right now. Over time, we are creating a structure where we can use the combined nature and assets of our company to address many different problems both, from a technology perspective and from a comorbidity perspective, which would be an increasing problem in healthcare where we think we have the breadth of assets that we can address very effectively. Okay. With that thank you all very much for your questions and on behalf of the entire Management team I would like to thank you again for your continued support and interest in Medtronic and we look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q3 call in March 1. Thank you and all of you please have a great day. Thank you.
Omar Ishrak: Okay. Mike, I am going to let Hooman and Jeff will answer this question, so Hooman why do not you go ahead with the questions.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. We have already said, as I said in my commentary they we are expecting some significant upside to 200-basis point to 400-basis point range and we will show that in the coming quarters. That is where we stand. It is pretty straightforward. You know, most of these synergies will fall through and we will go from there, but I do not want to minimize our operational performance outside of the synergies as well, because there is good work going on in productivity improvements in our products and SG&A. Some of it is using some of the new structures we are creating under the integration, but across the Board, we are delivering productivity and to the extent especially this year with the Covidien synergies, we really expect by the end of the year we will be above the range that we have talked about. As we have actually already done to a small extent in the first two quarters, but that amount will increase in the coming quarters.
Omar Ishrak: I think the direct answer there is our new product momentum. I do not think we have been in a position in this company today with the products we have already launched and the upcoming pipeline that we have across the Board in virtually every group. The cadence of product innovation across the Board has increased significantly and when you sort of combine all of that together it makes quite a difference. That is our goal after all. We are in the end a technology company striving to sort of change outcomes. Now, in addition to that, we are completely cognizant of the fact that one of our main growth strategies is to diversify the sources of growth, so we see emerging markets actually steadily improving into the back half of the year and services and solutions again starts to keep growing because of programs that we are implementing across the Board are gaining traction across multiple regions, so those are fairly slow. It takes a little time for them to come through, but in aggregate they do come through and they all contribute. When you add all of that up together, we feel pretty confident to be in the upper half of the range and again for this to be sustainable good years does not mean that the next year would be bad. It has to continue to improve, so that is the outlook that we have on this.
Omar Ishrak: Well, a number of things. First of all, the new product growth includes the baseline product lines, so that inclusive of all of that. The only answer if we do the math is that the emerging markets and service and solution have to pickup. Remember, service and solutions because of the integration together with the Covidien, the baseline has changed, so therefore it is a 20 basis points where our number is like 40 to 60, so that is one aspect that will drag it down. Those numbers are small, but in the context of which you are talking about, you are talking about the ranges of the upper end here, so we are talking about 10s of basis points rather than and 100s, so they do make a difference. Then emerging markets also, as we climbed up into the range, probably will help. Outside of that it is a matter of how much above the 350 we actually get. Again, like I have said before, we just want to be a little cautions not so much because of our product launch activities but because of the environment around us, which you just never know, we just have a little cautious about macroeconomic pressures, political instabilities, those things or some healthcare rule changes, so we have given up passed experience of these things surprising us. We just got to be a little cautions, so that is really the best way I can answer this that I would really like to see all three of our growth vectors above our projections before we really confident that we can extend the range so that we get that level of diversification, but in nowhere am I any sort of less confident about our new products execution just because of the breadth of our pipeline I think that is going to happen. I just think the macroeconomic circumstances we just want to be a little cautious about that and therefore I want to see the other growth vectors also climb with the same range before we can get more bullish.
Omar Ishrak: Yes. First, yes, we expect this growth to increased, the words I would you like to use and then I think I used in the commentary was that we would like to see steady increase and improved consistency, so I do not want this to like bounce back and forth between '15 and whatever. This things has to go steadily and our diversification across the emerging markets helps with that and I think we will see that I think the mid-teens goal is completely realistic over a period of time and that is what were aiming to get through the market opportunity is massive and it is really up to us to execute our variety of strategies and get the benefits from them, so in short, I expect this to steadily improved quarter-after-quarter.
Omar Ishrak: With respect to the overall medtech market, look we have had a - the medtech industries has actually had a pretty good year and I think a lot of that is you look knowledge is driven by U.S. growth so U.S. has been stronger than I can remember for a long time and that is not only the medtech sort of companies but also hospitals. Now as we going to sort of calendar year '16, there will be some anniversarying that is happening and also some of the hospitals have reported slightly sort of lower growth rates, so we are watching this carefully. I do not know to what extent the procedure growth will continue at the same rate of growth. I do not think it will slowdown, per se, but the growth rate might well slowdown. So that is what we are watching very carefully and I think coming after the next couple of months it is pretty crucial to see how procedures go, but again really at the end of the day this is a U.S story and to a certain degree emerging markets Medtech has been resilient in the emerging markets compared to other industries simply because of the nature of the industry itself that governments continuing to invest there so that has been reach the bottom really has not fallen out that all and although I think we have our performed the overall market into the market in general it has been pretty resilient. So those things holding U.S. growth is what has driven the medtech industry. I think U.S. growth will anniversary probably steady a little bit. On the other hand, medtech in emerging markets might well start to improve I mean I do not know. I know our projections are that we will start to improve overall we will have to see, hope that helps.
Omar Ishrak: I think I kind of alluded to that a little bit. First of all, since the acquisition, we have set up Minimally Invasive Therapies Group under Brian. Brain and his team are really charted, a very clear and compelling vision for the future, which is outcomes-based and very aligned with the Medtronic mission, so that was the first step and I think I talked about the four areas of focus within MITG. Now we are looking at the entire range of assets that we have within MITG and kind of assessing that against the strategy and as we go through that process which were in the middle of doing in the next 6 months or so, we will take action as is necessary, but that is the way in which we are gauging it. So the first step was to kind of decide clearly and get full sort of excitement with the team and agreement with the team that this is where we should go which I think the team is put in place and understand with the core product technologies are that drive that and solutions that are necessary for that. Next is to look at the breadth of everything else and see what fits and what doesn’t. I mean somethings clearly do not and we’ll have to see how we monetize those assets as we move forward, but by and large that is the way in which we are looking at this.
