Gary L. Ellis: Yeah.  Q3 was a good quarter for us in Europe across the board.  I mean, and it is a combination of taking share and it is a combination of continuing to develop markets with new technologies like in the neuromodulation space, the diabetes business did well, the neuromodulation did well.  Our cardiovascular business with Endeavor with Corval, with CRDM, with the atrial fibulation products — I mean, our constant currency for Europe and Q3 was around 12%.  So it was a good solid quarter for us, balanced across the enterprise, and again, I think it speaks to kind of the strength of our diversified portfolio.
Gary L. Ellis: It is, Mike.  And the answer is the strengthening of the dollar versus various currencies.  Obviously it's probably more important that the euro is the weaker part and the reality is even on, for example, revenue, we were  a little softer on the FX benefit from revenue in the quarter than we expected, but interestingly enough, we're much softer than from what we predicted at the beginning of the quarter on the euro, but actually saw benefit, for example, in some of the other currencies that we don't hedge.  And so the reality is my hedging losses ended up being less than we expected at the beginning of the quarter because the euro did weaken so much, but the fact of the matter is it didn't have as large of an impact on the revenue line so that's what we saw a little bit. As you said, we saw a little benefit on the other income expense line from that and obviously we saw benefit just from the fact that we didn't get as much revenue benefit as we had originally expected at the beginning of the quarter, but part of it is just the mix on what currencies we hedge.
Gary L. Ellis: For FY10 the answer is for operating income obviously we've seen that 80-100 basis point year to date both in higher gross margin and improved SG&A, so on the operating margin line the answer is yes, but as we've said before it's both.  It's related to what we're seeing in gross margins where we're a little pleased on the gross margin line because the reality is with some of the pricing pressures Bill just has mentioned, we've been able to basically offset that and actually see our margins increase slightly where a lot of companies are struggling on the gross margin line, and at the same time on the SG&A line we have seen already year to date, about 100 basis points of improvement on the SG&A line itself.  So we're focusing on numerous areas, but as a result we remain committed that that operating margin improvement that we've been talking about will be there for the full year.  So we've executed on that so far and we don't see any reason to say that we're going to fall back on that in Q4.
Gary L. Ellis: And we've obviously been in discussion with the FDA over that six-month period of time so do we have better visibility on where that is now versus even six months ago?  The answer is yes, but as Bill said, we're still comfortable with the summer on starting the IDE.
Gary L. Ellis: Bruce, just to add to Bill's comments the only thing I would say is the reason we think that the fundamentals are so strong is we know that we're still just touching —  we haven't got full penetration in these markets, not only in the US, but even internationally as far as people with back pain.  And as we continue to develop products that are minimally invasive and helping people really deal with that back pain and moving up that continuum of care, that's where we continue to see this market growth potential.  So it's not just the Evo (ph) non-discussion side, it's clearly even just broader than that, but we still see tremendous opportunities for this as these procedures continue to increase.
Gary L. Ellis: Tao, basically the revenue for the last several quarters that when we've been restricted have been kind of at that $90-$100 million range and so Q3 was right in that kind of line.  As Bill said, we don't know exactly what we're going to expect as we hit full launch on all the products.  We've been very happy with obviously how customers have stuck with us, but we'll have to see how they respond now with our ability to really launch everything.  And if you go back prior to that whole activity really happening, we're probably kind of in that more around the $120-$125 million range.  So will we be able to get back up to that?  We'll have to wait and see as we get back at full market itself.
Gary L. Ellis: This is Gary.  As we've indicated, we continue to buyback obviously stock and dividends.  So 40%-50% of our free cash flow we still are and continue to remain committed to returning that to shareholders in the form of share buyback and dividends.  But we also feel that that gives us adequate ability to make acquisitions.  And as you said, we have made several over the last 18 months, but they have been smaller sized obviously, more the tuck-in types of acquisitions that we feel have performed very, very well and so we're pleased by that. And we still have the financial flexibility with the cash we are generating to allow us to make those types of acquisitions of technology and product line.  So overall, the strong cash flow this company continues to generate gives us the flexibility, we believe to actually add to our product portfolio through acquisitions and to make sure we're returning the appropriate amount to our shareholders.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, obviously we can't comment on that question specifically, but no, as we said, we like our portfolio.  We have a very broad diversified portfolio and again, I think that is in part how we've been able to manage through a lot of the turbulence in the economy by having a diversified group of businesses.  And we're in most of the spaces that we think are important with the aging of the population and as it relates to chronic disease.  So our focus, and you've seen this the last 18 months, has been more on the tuck ins and how do we leverage this global footprint that we have with close to 9,000 people in the field.  So our first sort of priority is if we can feed that distribution with more technologies and so that's really where we're focused.
Gary L. Ellis: Yeah.  I mean just quickly on that, this is an industry.  This is not just a Medtronic — and every other year Japan goes through a foreign average pricing review and an R-zone review and we've just completed negotiations there and so we are — it will impact us going into FY11.  We'll see an impact in April.  It's in that 5%-6% of revenue in Japan.
Gary L. Ellis: If we're successful with the new products and the market accelerates then yes, we could see some more, but right now based on, as Bill said, based on where the market is, I wouldn't do anymore than what the current market is indicating at this point.
Gary L. Ellis: Well, David, this is Gary.  I mean, as we talked about, we started a process over two years ago.  Now we're in our third year of this process where we saw a couple of years ago that we were going to see increasing pricing pressures and we had a program underway to pick $1 billion in costs of out of our product.  And that was when we were still at that point in time, and even two or three years ago, had market leading gross margin.  So we're never happy with where we're at and continue to challenge the organization to continue to do better.  As a result of that we have taken already out — in the third year we'll have taken out over $600 million, almost $700 million of cost out of our products.  That is how we're able to offset pricing pressure.  The industry, I would say, is just starting to realize that maybe they need to be addressing that and as a result I think you're seeing gross margin pressures from some of the competition and some people in the industry where Medtronic has already taken the steps to make sure that that's not affecting us at this point.
William A. Hawkins III: Okay.  First of all, let me start with pacers.  ASPs were a little soft this quarter and I think you see this often in front of kind of a new cycle of innovation and as we've been saying, we're very excited about our MRI safe pacemakers which will be coming in the US and FY11 we'll be introducing Advisa outside the US in early FY11.  But this quarter, I mean we did see a little bit more price impact than we have seen in recent quarters, but again, you got to look at the pacing industry over the last 50 years and there are sort of little cycles that we go  through, but this is a business that we continue to think it will be a very solid kind of low-single digit kind of a growth business over time. On the ICD side, again, we didn't see anything really unusual this quarter.  We've seen, if you look at this year versus last year, I'd say that it's sort of in general, maybe a year ago we saw a 50-100 basis points, maybe this year it's close to 100-200 basis points.  But we've been successful in managing through that because of the mix with new technologies.  I mean, we're still seeing a benefit from the launch a year ago of the attained family of left-sided heart lesions.  And then as we get ready to launch Protecta, we think that that's going to give us the opportunity to kind of offset perhaps some overall price pressure.
William A. Hawkins III: No.  We continue to see the ICD market in the mid-single digit.  Outside the US this quarter was a little bit lighter than what we've seen, but high-single digits, low-double digits for outside the US, and the low-to-mid single digits in the US so we continue to see the ICD market in that sort of mid-single digits if you will.
William A. Hawkins III: Yeah, okay.  Well, I mean first as you can imagine, I mean, I'm not happy about sort of our spine performance, but it's not a big surprise.  We knew were going to be in this kind of rebuilding mode and probably the biggest disappointment for me has been Kyphon.  And Kyphon, just for your information, what we saw for Kyphon is kind of close to what we saw last quarter in Q2.  I mean, we have seen a decline year on year with Kyphon and it's multifactorial, the New England Journal of Medicine article didn't help us.  We do have competition, not necessarily people who have on-label indications for kyphoplasty, but there are people that are positioning products that are sort of kyphoplasty like and that's had an impact. We are investing in our pipeline and we'll be bringing out next year, we think, a whole range of new products in Kyphon that will further strengthen our overall position in that marketplace.  But Kyphon continues to be an issue for us.  And it's not just the BKP, it's also the X-STOP.  So we have a number of things internally that we're doing, but we'll give you more visibility to that at the analyst meeting in June which we think will enable us to maybe organizationally put some more focus on the right areas to be able to reaccelerate growth there.  But Kyphon was the biggest impact on the performance this quarter. The overall spine business, as you heard me say, yes it is.  We saw a little softening and you saw that in other companies as they reported.  I don't argue with that this is still a very healthy market.  The fundamentals are still strong.  The volumes, the procedure volumes are strong, and we saw this quarter perhaps a little bit of an impact because of the fact that we haven't brought out as much new products and that's where we get the opportunity to, if you will, influence the value through mix.  But as we bring out next year things like Solera and as we continue to drive the TSRH-3Dx and VERTEX SELECT, I think that is going to help us to drive the market.  And we still are close to 40% of the market.  So as kind of Medtronic goes, sort of the market goes.
William A. Hawkins III: I mean, Mike, I don't have a crystal ball, but you're not hearing anything that is fundamentally sort of different.  I mean, if you think about the need and the unmet clinical need for people with sort of degenerate disk disease or people with deformity or people with trauma, I mean this is — we're still scratching the surface. Reimbursement's still solid, our pipeline is solid, so I think you put it all together and there is nothing that would tell us that this market is kind of taking a step down.  But this quarter there's no question we saw a bit of softening.  And I think that has been, at least the checks that I'm getting from being out in the field and talking to hospital CEOs is that I think we've seen, because of what's happened in the economy overall, a kind of an impact on just general procedures because people's insurance is — they're without insurance and there's other factors which I think are kind of putting a little bit of an interim sort of damper on the overall health care market.
William A. Hawkins III: I would say, Matt, it's really a global phenomenon.  It's not just the US or O-US.  I mean, we see it really in markets around the world.
William A. Hawkins III: Our focus right now is in gearing manufacturing back up and working to sort of the customers that have waited so patiently and we have, we think, the opportunity to drive this opportunity in the near term, but once we get through that we'll take a step back and reevaluate our strategic alternatives and go from there.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, I like my position right now with my overall cardiac franchise with CRDM and CV and with the recent restructuring and bringing in Mike Coyle, and as I referenced in my remarks, I've been very pleased so far with what Mike and Pat and Scott are doing to really position us as a company that truly covers the gambit and the whole area of cardiac through this management.  So it's interesting, I mean seeing what some of the people have done, really some degree following some of the announcements that we've made, but we're looking at what we can do to better serve customers and by the way, customers — the definition of customers is changing. I mean, it's not just the clinical customer.  I mean, there are economic buyers that are becoming more and more important so I think w e are very well positioned to be able to serve customers in that broad term, with a broad range of technologies that really there's very little, if any, kind of shortfall.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, David, I'm not sure where you're coming from in terms of that, our timing shifting.  It really hasn't shifted.  We've said the summer and we're still comfortable with that.  So there's nothing — I mean, there's nothing that has happened that would in any way change our view when we think we can begin the IDE.
William A. Hawkins III: Well first on the cryo, again, we continue to be very excited about the opportunity here.  This is sort of a new market for us and it's all upside.  We'll be presenting at the panel and STOP-AF data will be presented at the ACC and we again remain cautiously optimistic that things will go well and we'll be in the market in the first half of FY11 with our CryoCath technologies and a little bit later in the year with the Ablation Frontiers technology.  And we are building out a focused field effort to take all of our atrial fibrillation technologies, the Reveal technology, the CryoCath, the Ablation Frontiers, and the other EP diagnostic that we have and really coming out of the box with a pretty formidable critical mass in the AF space. So we are excited about that.  In terms of on the MRI, yeah, there's no specifics here other than we're well prepared and we will present at the panel and we are again, I would say cautiously optimistic that this would go very well for us.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, as I said, we first of all are very confident in the strength of our IP and as I said, we'll vigorously defend and assert our IP against any of those that we have reason to believe are infringing our intellectual property and we have a number of patents which protect that space that we really have, if you will, sort of brought to the market and developed. From again, as you look at where we are today in regards to some of the competitors that are in the space.  I look at the technology that we have and still feel extremely confident that we have market leading technology and many different dimensions, and at the end of the day we know that technology makes a difference, innovation sells.  And so we will compete vigorously with the technology, we'll compete with the strength of our distribution, and the strength of our evidence.
William A. Hawkins III: No.  The timing is we're on track.  We believe that we'll have early FY11 we'll be beginning to develop the market in Japan.
William A. Hawkins III: No.  I think we believe that we'll be able to offset that with the Solera and with the TSRH-3Dx that we're bringing out and the XVBR that we've recently launched and some of the things that we're doing in the space.  So the whole formula here is it's price volume, it's mix, and we look at kind of what's happened in the last quarter or so.  We haven't had much benefit from mix.  In fact, it's gone the other way and so we think that once we bring out new products and we can demonstrate the value that that will help lift the markets.
William A. Hawkins III: Yeah, Bruce.  I tried to answer this.  I do think that we're — I don't see anything structurally changed.  I don't see anything that would suggest the fundamentals are any different.  In fact, if anything it's the other way.  It means the prevalence of the general cyst disease and deformity and trauma is only increasing.  And so we remain very bullish on the overall spine market.  I do think, and again it's hard to quantify, but I do think what we have seen in the last maybe six months to a year with the impact of the economy and with the increasing unemployment rate, it has had, I think, a bit of an impact across the board and perhaps that's part of what we're seeing, but I think that will ultimately resolve itself.
William A. Hawkins III: I don't know, Bruce.  I think you know our position.  I mean, all along we have been really questioning why you would tax an industry that has so much to offer in terms of just economic growth if nothing else, and just the contributions that we are making to overall health care.  But the language was better.  I mean, the fact that it's pushed out to 2013, the fact that it's an excise tax, and it's tax deductible — I mean, it's better.  But the idea that we could pass it on, again, we sell through hospitals, it's not obvious that we could pass this on.
William A. Hawkins III: No, I don't think so.  I mean, I did mention that we're seeing a little bit more ASP pressure, but we're with the introduction of MRI pacemakers in the not too distant future.  I think that will help to kind of reaccelerate the growth a bit in the overall market, but there's nothing that would suggest that there's a declining demand for pacemakers.  I mean, the fact is that with the changing of the demographics and the aging of the population, the fundamentals here are still very solid and so we've seen a little bit of the impact of price, I think, which has weighed in on the market, but that, we believe will change as we continue to innovate.
William A. Hawkins III: No, it's had a headwind.  It's had a headwind, so it's hard to quantify exactly what that has been, but we've been restricted from shipping certain products and now that restriction is limited so we will clearly see an increase in Q4 and going into next year because of the restrictions being limited.
William A. Hawkins III: Yeah.  I mean, there was the meeting this week or last week with the FDA on the whole (inaudible) process, so this is still — there's a lot of discussion going on with the FDA On what's the right way to address some of the concerns that have been expressed and so it's not clear what will be the ultimate outcome.  But as it relates to Medtronic, as we've commented before, most of the products that we sell are PMA products.  So if there was a change in positing K, it's not really going to impact us necessarily as much as it may others.  And yes, your point, it could have an impact on smaller companies and just the appetite for venture financing if the timelines are going to be drawn out?  So I do worry about this as it relates to just our country's ability to continue to have leadership and innovation and medical devices.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, when we talk to physicians in regards to what they see in terms of the importance of MRI, I mean to a person they say this is critical.  70% of people who get pacemakers need at some point to have an MRI.  So we're obviously very sort of excited and bullish that this will enable us to gain share as we bring forth the Advisa outside the US and when we bring REBO here in the US.  So yes, we think this is going to be a very important introduction around the world. In terms of — there are no restrictions with Advisa outside the US so that's not an issue for us as it relates to chest scans.
William A. Hawkins III: Oh, I'm sorry.  Kappa/Sigma, we're waiting of the FDA to come in.  We have corrected the things that they identified.  We're hopeful that the FDA will be in sooner rather than later and this won't be an issue.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, that is a good question, David.  Now, you should think about it in terms of what the market's growing at.  And if the market's growing at 7%-8%, what we had said is that we're going to return to market growth and so it's in that 7%-8% growth range versus back up to 11%-12% growth range.
William A. Hawkins III: Well, I'm not sure I understand the question.  I mean, we haven't really given long-term guidance, but again, this comes back to the overall portfolio.  We generated 6% constant currency, 10% as reported growth this quarter with fine sales that were flat to negative.  So I mean, this is again, the whole value of having a broad based portfolio.  We think CRDM is ticking back up.  We believe spine will tick back up. We continue to feel good about the neuromodulation business, the diabetes business, cardiovascular we had this year which we know was sort of an extraordinary year because of being in Japan with Endeavour and next year that will come down a little bit.  But again, when I look at our portfolio with all the puts and takes, we feel very good that we can continue to deliver market-leading performance and maybe that's a good way to kind of summarize the call here because if you look at just again, this quarter again, 6% constant currency is arguably at the very high end of what we'd call the med-tech industry this last quarter and I think it speaks to the strength of our overall portfolio.  So that's how we're playing it going forward.  We know we've got some challenges with spine. I'm confident we're doing the right thing to reaccelerate this going forward and so maybe in summary I think it was good quarter for us.  We continue to demonstrate our ability to kind of make the tough decisions and to deliver and I think we're well positioned from a portfolio as well as geographically we continue to see opportunities to grow faster outside the US. We are investing disproportionately out there and so I remain optimistic about kind of the outlook going forward.
William A. Hawkins III: Yeah, thank you.  Okay well again, on behalf of the entire management team I want to thank you for your interest in Medtronic, your continued support, and we look forward to seeing you in June in New York.  Thank you.
