Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks for your question, Robbie. When we look at our higher cost environment that we’re facing, like many companies you’ve seen recently, we really have to evaluate our full cost structure and look for opportunities to reduce both spending and cost. So we’re in the midst of that right now. We expect to drive a significant expense reduction to help partially offset the headwinds that we’re facing and the investment that we believe we need to make. When we look at next fiscal year, I’ll just give you a little bit more comments on it. I know there is a desire to give EPS guidance early, but we’re still working through our plan. And there are more than a typical number of moving pieces. So that’s why we’re sticking to our normal time line of giving guidance in Q4. But when we look at revenue, we grew 4.1% in Q3 and our guidance for Q4 implies sequential improvement. We expect – we’ve said that we expect to drive greater revenue growth in ‘24 than we have in ‘23, and we’ve said that we’re focused on delivering durable mid-single-digit revenue growth over the longer term. So we like the progress that we’ve made recently, both on our recent revenue growth performance and on important things in our pipeline to drive that revenue growth. And we always have said that we believe our WAMGR is in the mid-single-digit range. But as we move down the P&L, we’ve got this delayed inflationary impact on our gross margin that you’ve seen this quarter, and that will continue in the next quarter in FY ‘24. We’ve seen inflation – the pressures on inflation beginning to improve. But as you know, that’s got a delayed impact on our P&L. We also have currency, interest and tax that are macro headwinds as well. And obviously, we’ve talked about the fact that we’re going to continue to drive investments to drive the long-term growth and turnaround of this company. We are still in the process of seeing how all that nets out with our significant expense reduction. And obviously, we’re going to give guidance on our fourth quarter call in May. But we have said that this will be a tougher year on the bottom line where our earnings power will be significantly reduced. I hope that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. So just – it’s hard for us to parse out this quarter the impact of procedures in VBP. So we’re not doing that. But we have said on VBP that we expect to be 50% done with the impacts of VBP by the end of this fiscal year. And as we move into next fiscal year, we still do have some VBP to come, but we expect to be 80% done by the end of next fiscal year. So this quarter, we had a VBP impact from stapling and cardiac ablation and a little bit in coils from Neurovascular. And as we look ahead into next fiscal year, we still do have some stapling provincial tenders coming. And we’ve got a little bit more Neurovascular and some in some cardio businesses including cardiac rhythm, structural heart, aortic, peripheral vascular. But again, where the majority finished by the end of this fiscal year, and we’ve got a little bit more to go next fiscal year.
Karen Parkhill: Yes, Vijay, let me take the first part of your question. In terms of our Q4 revenue ramp, when we gave our second half guidance last quarter, we expected sequential improvement from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And obviously, we’re still expecting sequential improvement. That’s going to be driven by continued consistency of supply, which we expect, which has already improved across the portfolio and will continue to improve. We also have some recent product launches, like Evolut FX and Hugo, which will continue to ramp. You may recall, we have our harmony Harmony valve, which will return to market as well. And then we’ve also got some launches into new markets, like diabetic neuropathy that will begin to take some hold. And we’ve got reduced headwinds from things like vents and VBP in the quarter. You asked specifically about Renal Care. We do expect to close that joint venture with DaVita in the fourth quarter. So we simply noted that when we guided so that we didn’t force you all to change your models mid-quarter. We just put it in now. I hope that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. In terms of the impact on total Medtronic earnings power, the separations are going to have minimal impact. So – and in terms of staging the moves so that we have minimal impact or disruption across the company, we have been very focused on that and have strong teams in place that are managing these separations really well. And we purposely put those teams in place as part of our new operating model. As we make these portfolio moves, we are focused on being best-in-class in how we do it.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks Josh. We are focused on maximizing shareholder value with the separation. And we have announced the spin. We are moving forward with that. Should something come along that maximizes shareholder value, we will certainly listen to it.
Karen Parkhill: And Cecilia, on the Italy question, there is a law in Italy that requires companies that are – that sell medical devices to make payments to the Italian government if those device expenditures exceed maximum ceilings. The law was put in place in 2015 and applies to expenditures from that year onward. You have heard from some of our other competitors on this. The law is obviously applicable to the whole industry. And we filed an appeal along with many other companies in our industry on this. In the third quarter, for the first time, actual claims were issued to Medtronic and our peers for the years ‘15 to ‘18. And so, we did revised our existing accrual. We already had an accrual and we did add to it in the third quarter. That accrual is a reduction of revenue. For us, it wasn’t too significant, but we do have a reserve on our books.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks Shagun. So obviously, we have said we have got tons of moving pieces on next fiscal year. So, we are not ready to give real guidance. And so, to quantify, the impact from EPS growth is difficult. But what I would say on currency, we talked about the fact that, that is a headwind. I mentioned that in the commentary. And just at recent rates, currency is about a 5% headwind to next fiscal year, so we did quantify that. We also said that inflation impacts are about a mid-single digit impact for us next fiscal year. So, those are two that we have quantified. In terms of interest and tax, those are more minor headwinds than inflation and currency, but still headwinds that we need to face. And then obviously, we have got investment that we intend to make to drive the long-term growth of this company. And where we see important investments, we are going to make them. And we have said that we think that we are going to drive R&D growth, at least in line with revenue and when we have important investments to make in some areas that may grow even more than revenue. So, hopefully that helps.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks, Travis. So, on Q4 margins, that will be – revenue growth obviously helps. So, we will start there. But we also will be driving cost reduction starting last quarter and even more into the fourth quarter, that will help as well. And then Q4 typically is our highest margin quarter. So, we are focused on that step-up and it’s typical for us. On the cost opportunity for FY ‘24, again, we are not going to size it right now. But we have said that we are focused on driving a significant cost reduction to help partially offset the impacts that we have got from the various headwinds and the investment that we need to make.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Good to hear from you, and thanks for the question. Obviously, China is a big one for us. And yes, I’ll turn it over to Karen to answer some of the kind of the details on the headwinds, what we’re seeing here recently.
Geoff Martha: I mean just to clarify one thing. I mean we think that 80% of our portfolio, as we’ve taken a step back, could be impacted by VBP. And that will all – we’re 50% of the way through. And the remaining 30%, we will get in FY ‘24. We don’t think the remaining 20% will be impacted certain things that are nuanced or under the radar screen. And what we’re doing here is taking out some of our selling and marketing costs in China to offset the lower prices because this business is now more contracted through this VBP. So the government is living up to the volume commitments from those VBPs at these lower prices. The discounts have gotten lower as they have gone on. I think the Chinese government has realized that med tech is not exactly like pharma, and we have more selling expenses than maybe pharma does because I think they modeled a lot of this off of pharma and based on my discussions with Chinese government officials. So that’s good. And we’re – basically, we will reset our business and grow from there. And so, FY ‘24 will be another year where China is a bit of a headwind. We factor that into our guidance. We were taking out expenses and we will rebase our business and grow from there. So, a lot of thought, a lot of conversations with the Chinese government, a lot of thought here, look, we are comfortable with our strategy.
Geoff Martha: Just to finish off – just to highlight one thing in Karen’s commentary there. A big one will be continued turnaround of our Surgical Innovations business. That was really hit hard, as you guys know, by the supply chain issues. You saw a nice sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3, and you’ll see another improvement from Q3 to Q4. And that – Karen mentioned supply chain issues subsiding, a big area where you’ll see that manifested is in Surgical Innovations. When you look at FY ‘24, well, let’s start with some of the known risks. You highlighted China VBP, and we – Karen and I already talked about that a bit. That will still be an issue as we go from the 50% of our portfolio that’s done in FY ‘23 to the – to another 30% that gives us 80% by the end of FY ‘24. So that will be a headwind. I don’t know what we’ve said whether China’s growing or shrinking, but it’s definitely not growing at our historic double-digit again next year. The other – and look, there is still work to be done on supply chain. I mean it’s – our supplier – the supply chain out there is still a bit fragile. Although every quarter, it’s getting better for us and – but as you look at some of the momentum, like you’ve seen from us from Q1 to Q2, from Q2 to Q3 and then implicit in our guidance is a nice acceleration kind of from Q3 to Q4. So we’re excited about that, happy with the momentum. And as we look into FY ‘24, some of the specific businesses, you mentioned Diabetes. We’re optimistic we’re going to get 780G on the market here in the U.S., and that will have a nice impact on Diabetes plus continued performance in Europe. So that should be – assuming that happens, that should help accelerate some of the growth in Diabetes. Surgical Robotics is doing really well. And as we move into FY ‘24, have a bit more scale and a bit more impact on our numbers. Cardiac Ablation Solutions, I’m sure we will get some questions on our mapping and navigation system as well as our various PFA catheters. You start to – we will start to feel some impact from them. And continued strong performance across the Neuroscience portfolio, I think, highlighted the CST or cranial spinal technologies business as well as you’ll see continued strength in ENT. We will anniversary the Intersect acquisition at some point and that goes organic. So those are some of the things that we look at as – in FY ‘24. But it’s – there is some, I think, broad supply chain recovery, especially in SI and then a couple of highlights, like I mentioned, CAS, Surgical Robotics, Diabetes in the U.S.
Geoff Martha: Thanks Que. And on the TAVR question, look, this is an area that we have been really focused on. Obviously, it’s a market where the therapy has a huge impact on patient outcomes, and then financially for us, it’s an important driver. And we have been really focused on this team and this new model, how they are really focused on this team, and they have done a great job on a number of fronts in terms of training physicians and adding new reps, training new reps and adding the field training physicians on the new techniques, but more recently here launching our Evolut effects and the results we are getting there. I have Sean, but I think the team has done a great job, and we are starting to make up some ground here with the competition globally, but in particular in the U.S. And Sean, maybe you can add some comments to this.
Geoff Martha: Whether it would be our structural heart business, TAVR or diabetes, and Joanne asked about spine, and you mentioned in the comment you mean by urgent. What I like about the new – the operating model we have is these businesses, we have got – we have segmented them in the right way where we have clarity, transparency into their end markets. We are measuring them on, are you growing above, we have clarity on market growth. We are measuring them on, are you growing above or below the market and comp is tied to that. So, it creates this sense of urgency that we think is having an impact. It was kind of overwhelmed for a while by supply chain challenges. But as those mitigate, you are starting to see the impact of some of the changes we made.
Geoff Martha: Yes. Great to hear from you, Rick. Thanks for the question. I will turn it over to Bob for some of the details there. But I would say just on Hugo, what – the evolution of the – is the feedback that we are getting, right. I mean we felt confident in the design. And as we get closer to launch, I was spending more time with physicians that were involved with the design that they don’t work for Medtronic, but they were involved, and they were very bullish on it and happy with the way the product turned out. But now we are getting feedback from physicians that are converting from the competition or have both and they are high-volume users and they have a high bar for robotic surgery and that feedback has been really, really strong. And that is, I think is very encouraging. And that word is spreading, as I talk to U.S. physicians that don’t have access to it yet because they are not part of the trial and they have a pretty detailed understanding of the robot and its features and its capabilities. And so, we are getting – and so that’s just driving really strong adoption. Yes. I will let Bob talk about any kind of constraints or supply chain and any other details on adoption now.
Geoff Martha: And I think the – Rick, I think on the pull-through – for that pull-through to have an impact, it’s going to take a little bit of time. And it’s a big surgical innovations business we have, $6 billion or so. But I will point to the spine business, and Joanne asked the question earlier, two quarters in a row of double-digit implant growth in the U.S., which is 80% of the market. That is largely driven by pull-through of an ecosystem of technology that’s hard to match, that takes a lot of expertise, a lot of balance sheet and a lot of time. And we spent a lot of time on this robot, and we have invested a lot into it, and it’s not just the robot. It is visualization, it is the digital platform. And we are confident that, that ecosystem will be a differentiator for Medtronic and pull through instrumentation and be a durable growth driver for the company. And that’s why we stuck with it for the last too many years to admit to, to get it to this point. And we feel like we have something to build from.
Geoff Martha: Alright. Well, thanks for the questions, some great questions this morning. I really appreciate your support and continued interest in the company, and we hope you will join us for our Q4 earnings broadcast, which we anticipate holding on Thursday, May 25th, where we will update you on our progress and how we finished our fiscal year. And of course, I look ahead at fiscal ‘24. So with that, thanks again for spending time with us today. Please stay healthy and safe, and have a great rest of your day.
