Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. As you know, Bob, we saw our comp of nearly 4% this quarter across channels in bricks and mortar, which is not the strongest comp that we've seen in over three years and I couldn't be happier with our performance across both channels, and as Andrea mentioned with the expansion in gross margin that we saw in our direct business. In retail, the impact is from broader distribution of Coach 1941 that we've been working on over the last couple of quarters especially of course the continued rollout of our store concept as well as the great work being done by our sales associates with the enhanced service experience. In outlets, as we look to engage with the broader consumer, really proud of the level of innovation and the team as the team has been leveraging a lot of inspiration both from our retail stores and as we mentioned even a few very specific outlet specific innovation such as Pac-Man, which has gotten us off to a very good start earlier this quarter and couldn't be more excited by the level of innovation that we have actually, especially in the back half of this year. In terms of your question online, Bob, as you know most of the category uses dotcom as a promotional channel with perpetual sale on their sites. We have a very clear strategy to limit our promotional stance online. We have no 24/7 sale on coach.com. Generally, I can share with you that coach.com retail site demand was similar to our retail stores.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. In terms of your question on macro, David, obviously, it's very, very hard to predict. As we know, the geopolitical impacts most recently, whether it be terrorist attacks and where those happened and the impacts that can have, are almost impossible to predict. They do lead, most lead to of course shifts in tourist flows, especially as well as in some markets, even short-term to medium-term impacts on domestic demand. The biggest impacts that we have seen outside of those short-term geopolitical have been mostly currency swings. There has been a lot of talk, of course, about the Chinese tourists, where they're increasing and where they're decreasing. We've seen, with the appreciation of the Japanese yen, decreases in tourist spending in Japan. We've seen pickups in Korea, and, of course, we have seen a pretty strong drop-off in Mainland Europe, but especially in Paris, which is a very important destination. In terms of the categories, we have just, obviously, with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, made a bigger bet on footwear. We're excited about the long-term opportunity in that category for us, a $28 billion opportunity. But generally, into the medium-term and long-term, we continue to believe there is no better space to be in fashion than the handbag and accessories space. We're excited about that as an opportunity, of course, not only in developed markets here in our home market, the U.S., Europe, which is really a greenfield opportunity for us. I could not be more excited about the team that we have on the ground there and the great work they're seeing. We're beginning to see decent traction now, especially with the UK domestic consumer and as well in developing markets, of course, where there's still so much of untapped opportunity with growing middle classes globally. So, that's, I hope, answer to your question.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Yes, so, Erinn, to your first question, it is just in the retail channel, not across both channels, of course. And as Andre mentioned, really excited year-on-year about the heritage gifting, which should probably lead to a decrease in that $500 slightly during the quarter.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Oliver. In terms of the progress that we've made, of course, not only with the Coach brand, but now, of course, as a dual-brand company, I couldn't be more excited about our ability to leverage the knowhow that we have in Coach to support, of course, Stuart Weitzman. Incredibly excited about the new talent that we've recruited to that brand, both the CEO, Wendy Kahn; the Creative Director, Giovanni Morelli, who joins us in the spring; and as we announced today, Daniele Michetti, who joins us as the lead shoe designer reporting into Giovanni. More broadly, in terms of our capital allocation strategy and what could come next, we've been very consistent. We have a tremendous amount of work and opportunity within the Coach brand and the Stuart Weitzman brand. That is our first priority. Our second priority, as you've suggested, is to look at value-additive acquisitions. Of course, we're going to be very selective in acquisitions that allow us to build platforms for long-term growth, that allow us to leverage our global infrastructure and on organizational capabilities and our skill sets, which is obviously building brands and retail management and a terrific supply chain in our core space. Most importantly, we look for great brands. We're not as committed to any specific nationality, so I would keep that in mind.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: He has a second question, I'm sorry, I've just been reminded, in terms of the physical stores and service. I couldn't be, as I mentioned in my response to Bob's question, happier with what the teams are doing across both retail channels. As you've seen, we've driven a positive 4% comp nearly in our bricks and mortar stores. I believe that it's not one specific channel or one specific action, Oliver, that leads to the positive results. It's about a total brand experience. We're committed to being very active digitally and engaging with the millennial and indeed with the broader consumer that's increasingly engaging online. And we want to provide her with a great experience whether she decides to shop in our stores or online. What we're being very careful about is managing those promotional impressions, especially in the online channel, which we know is global, transparent and can create a tremendous amount of confusion. And, therefore, a lot of the steps that we've taken both in the online channel and as well, I would say, as we have shared repeatedly in the wholesale channel where we're looking to manage our brand more effectively for long-term growth.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Okay. I'll let Andrea discuss the Stuart Weitzman in a bit. In terms of the eOS, no further comments other than what I've said earlier. And I think the main driver there as we've mentioned is that we're not in a very active recruiting mode. It's a closed database to those that shop in our bricks and mortar stores and that have been in our database. And so therefore we will continue to probably see some shrinkage in eOS go forward.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: No. No major shift across channels. I mean it's what we've talked about which is basically the fact that the department store impact has been, obviously, a slight drag. And what we have seen, of course, is that all of the major luxury channels, of course, report with men's and women's together. And we've seen a little bit of an uptick with a few specific luxury players that are impacting both, and therefore, consolidate across all brands.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Well I'm rooting for Cleveland tonight. There is one or two Chicago fans here in the rooms, but of course, Game 6 we're looking for an end this evening. A big Tito fan, given my affiliation with the Red Sox. I will just add that in before I answer your question.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: So, to your baseball metaphor I think, obviously, look, if we're looking at the outlet channel, we're still in the very early stages in terms of the rollout of the autumn luxury concept itself. Andre and the team leveraging a lot of the consumer insights work at tweaking that concept for it to be more effective. The major impact that we're seeing in that channel is really from the great level of innovation that Stuart and the team are putting into product, and the overall halo impact of the brand as we continue to speak to the broader consumer more directly. And I think you'll see that pick up in the quarters ahead, specifically for holiday, and even more so as we look at the third and fourth quarters. I would say that from a store perspective, we're maybe in the second innings specifically to your question, from a product perspective maybe we're in the middle innings and of course we don't market to that consumer outside of what happens either in the mall itself or in direct email communication with her so I would say that there we are pretty advanced.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you. Let me just apologize again to all of you for taking a little bit of your time and apologize on behalf of our service provider. Just want to thank you all for joining us this morning, want to again thank and congratulate both the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman teams for their hard work and to the performance that they are driving on behalf of our shareholders in this rather volatile environment. Very excited about the quarters ahead. We have terrific bolt product marketing and wonderful retail experience as planned ahead as we open this quarter in a few weeks both Coach House here in New York as well as in London to cap our 75th anniversary. So, thank you, all, and look forward to chatting live with many of you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure. So when you look at gross margin in the quarter, for overall, the Coach brand, there were a couple of areas of benefit and a couple of areas of hit. So starting off on channel mix, channel mix was a positive in the quarter to us. Product mix and cost were actually a very large positive, which we in turn returned to consumers in terms of pricing and value. Not a complete offset but a partial offset there. And then in terms of the currency impact, currency was a negative impact in the quarter we talked to about 40 basis points. Interestingly, there was an impact of the yen and that's really about OCI and the yen hedge loss position in the quarter as well as a negative impact in other Asian currencies and on the R&D in terms of the China currency impact. For North America specifically, North America gross margin improved in the quarter for the same reasons that I discussed. I'm sure one of the things you're interested in specifically, our outlet, North America store gross margin was actually up in the quarter, so glad that we were able to take the benefit of lower costs and, as I said, returned some but not all of that to the consumer. We did have a small hit in North America from currency and our guidance for the year does bake in these continued benefits from both AUC, or average unit cost, as well as an overall impact of returning that to the North America retail and outlet consumer in terms of pricing. So a nice balance there, as we move through the year.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Operator, we will take additional questions beyond 9:30 given the technical issues that we had at the beginning of the call.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: In terms of the Stuart Weitzman operating margin, Anna, as you know, gross margin was up during the period on a year-over-year basis and so was the SG&A expense line which actually rose significantly during the period. We've called out part due to marketing expenses but there were also additional items. For example, as you may remember, we bought in the Canadian distributor there. So we had those directly-operated expenses of the Canadian stores that we did not have in the year ago period. We also had higher retail occupancy costs. Just like Coach, but of course it's more magnified for Stuart Weitzman. We have the occupancy of both the Fifth Avenue and Regent Street stores hitting the P&L there in terms of occupancy expense where we have no sales yet. So we had those as well. There were a couple of other items that impacted it but it was not only marketing timing just to keep that in mind.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: For the year, I would say that our operating margin for Stuart Weitzman should be in the realm of where it ended last year. And that is what we had expected when we entered this year.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Yes. Randy, I think, it's a good question. As you may remember, last year, I believe it was in our January call regarding our second – December quarter. We talked about outlet promotional activity ratcheting up. We saw that in the competitive environment hours ratcheted up as well. So we don't lap that until let's say partway through this second quarter. So we would continue to see that. Now we are experiencing lower average unit cost, higher initial markup, which is allowing us to fund, if you will, and pass that on to the consumer. But we start to lap that, to your point, through the second quarter. I am fresh out of crystal balls right now, and I'm not sure that we're going to see a significant lessening in the environment in the second half of the year. But, presumably over time, we'll be able to actually keep some of those lower average unit costs on the outlet side. One thing I will mention is we are having and will have for the full year a small benefit associated with the reduction of sales in our wholesale channel. So that will help. And, obviously, we're experiencing lower average unit costs on the retail side as well. And we're seeing nice growth in those AURs and ADTs, as Andre talked about. So I think that probably sort of explains what's going on, on the outlet side and what we're looking at for the balance of the year. As you know that we've reiterated our guidance for the year of 69% to 70%.
