Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure. Thanks Bob. We have taken a careful look at, as we laid out in Analyst Day, at our cash flows and our investments needs across our business. And our cash flows and strong balance sheet really allow us to fund our transformation investment and maintain our dividends at our current level. So the $1.35, the annual dividend that we talked about today with our dividend announcement was an attractive yield now at 4%. As we have indicated, we'll fund our headquarter building, a long-term asset with long-term debt. And at the current attractive interest rates we expect that that's a strong capital plan. We have spent about $210 million on our headquarters and have another $540 million to fund over the next few years. And we factored that into our planning. So we feel strongly about our ability to continue to support our dividend. We're committed to our dividend. And as we said, as our transformation takes hold, we'd expect to grow our dividend with our net income growth, and that's our long-term outlook. As you think about next year, Bob, we closed the year with 277 million shares outstanding. And I would expect with options that modeling about 278 million shares will put in a great stead for FY '15.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: The biggest impact in terms of AUR that we're modeling, we are going to see some movement as you've seen in our above $400 handbag, we'll see some movement in price point. And then lower promotional activity, both in-store and EOS will be a factor in terms of lower discount rates in terms of realizing a higher AUR.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: I'm just going to add one thing, Brian, there. If you remember, we actually had SG&A dollar decline in both our second quarter of FY '14 and our third quarter of FY '14. And so when we referenced that those were going to be higher SG&A dollar growth quarters, we were looking at that versus the FY '14 decline, so they'll look higher in the SG&A dollar growth in Q2 and Q3 of FY '15.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: And if you're thinking about comps, we expect that our in-store comps will improve moderately, as we move through the year, but the impact of EOS will be greater as we move through the year. So the aggregate comps will be relatively stable over the course of the year.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So, Ed, the way we look at inventory was consistent with our transformation. We look at all of our product inventory and looked at certain products that we thought were not consistent with the brand image that we were trying to move into, as we moved into Stuart's design aesthetic and looked at whole product, whole SKU lines that we eliminated from inventory and took those as a write-off rather than flowing them through the outlet channel and moving them into the market. So we really looked at where we're headed, where is the inventory not consistent with that direction, and we took the opportunity to write-off that inventory into the fourth quarter. We will destroy that inventory consistent with the write-off charge. And just as a reminder, the inventory charge were shadowed both at Analyst Day and previewed in our 8-K filings prior to today.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: The semiannual sale met our expectations. So as you know, our strategy is to be more surgical and strategic, with how we're promoting in our retail stores, and in the past we've done special preferred customer events. We really curtailed those events in the fourth quarter to set us up for the semiannual sale. So it's a different strategy that really aligns us with kind of the fasten industry and other luxury brands. So it met our expectations in terms of performance and the goal of this semiannual sale really is to liquidate at end of season; fashion, colors, things that were very specific to the season. We're not looking at it as an overall liquidation strategy. And one of the most important things that we learned this season in our first-ever, is that it really bought new customers into the store. So we did have a high percentage of our sales that came from new customers into the brand, and we did market to it in our windows, in-stores and in print advertising. So we are very pleased with the results.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So we continue to promote heavily in clearance in outlet during this past quarter, which has been consistent with the quarters before. That put a little bit of pressure on our margins. So we were promotional during the quarter. What we've been doing now is really tapering off that heavy level of promoting. And as we talked about also, obviously, taking into consideration our online business, the U.S. business pulling that back. What we're doing is emphasizing units in outlet, positioning ourselves at higher average unit retail prices, going out with new product launches, and we're finding that strategy to be very, very successful. So it is allowing us to lessen our dependence on clearance. We also have a number of pilots and testing in the market right now with different construct to again reduce the level of promotional activity, while maintaining good levels of conversion.
Francine Della Badia: Oliver, its Fran. I'll take this question. Stuart's product that he's been working on in designing is set to really launch during the second half in outlet. And as we have talked about, what you'll see very consistently is us lessening our dependence on logo product, putting more emphasis on leather and really incorporating all of the design codes from our brand DNA that will be reflected in more updated and relevant product for the outlet channel. At the same time, that newness will allow us to create more value for customers and put that product into the market at slightly higher average unit retails than where we are today. The biggest opportunity in terms of lessening promotional strategy is really EOS. That's the most significant strategic initiative that we have. And we know, we've been putting out a lot of promotional impressions in the marketplace by pulling that back. We'll really reduce the amount of promotional impression that are out in the market.
Francine Della Badia: Sure. Brian, as we said on the Analyst Day, we got to the number of 70 store closures, because they're the least productive stores in the fleet. So their impact on the overall topline from a profitability perspective will be very minimal. We expect to see a little bit of transfer to other stores, but it will have a small impact on comp improvement.
Francine Della Badia: We are still planning on closing two outlets consistent with what we've said on Analyst Day. Those two outlet stores will be closing in the second half. And we really picked the two that we chose they are part of the 12 MSAs, our metropolitan statistical areas that we're focusing on in terms of our transformation strategy. And there are retail and outlet stores within a 30-mile radius. So these closures will allow us to measure the channel shift, and in these stores there is also a competitive presence. And what we're going to be able to measure is, will the consumer shift to another Coach channel, can we influence her or guide her to shift though targeted and strategic communication strategy. So that will happen in the second half, and we're still on target for that. In terms of men's footwear, we're launching men's footwear in the fall. And it will be a small launch, but we plan to bring footwear to our men's locations and in retail, specifically, in about 50 locations for the fall half.
Victor Luis: In terms of what's working between Hong Kong and Greater China is vastly driven by the very large percentage of Mainland Chinese stores, so I would say there was a dramatic difference. The local Hong Kong consumer market is quite small. And of course, we do have one or two locations, which do specifically cater to that consumer where we do tweak the assortment. The consumer there tends to be a little bit more, I would say, fashion-engaged with current trend. And certainly, the team on the ground there is catering to them through assortment, not only, of course in our women's, but also in our men's collections as well. As I touched on in my prepared notes, Barbara, in terms of the categories in China, both, and I would call it Greater China, Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, which we refer to as Greater China at Coach, the penetration of men's and lifestyle categories together is at about a-third, which compares to approximately 20% here in the U.S. That is driven not only by men's itself, but also with by very good penetrations, which are increasing in our outerwear businesses as well as in our very nascent, but developing footwear business as well. And we started with those strategies very early on. We're still a very small, and I would say, developing brand in China in many ways. From an awareness perspective, our netted awareness in China is only 18%, which compares with, say 58% in Japan, 76% in the U.S. So the opportunity for us is truly boundless in that market.
Victor Luis: In terms of the rollouts of our transformation initiatives across products, marketing, as well as our store renovations, Brian, it really does start in the second quarter. Product will commence hitting in early September on certain locations, and be across the world by mid-September. Marketing will also hit at approximately the same time. And then store renovation start later in the second quarter, with first locations opening here in North America as well or in Shinjuku, Japan that I mentioned earlier in the October-November time period. I would suspect that right now our planning is showing approximately 15 to 16 locations, should there not be any shift in the new concept by holiday. And then across the world, we will have in FY '15 16 new open doors in the new concept and approximately 150 doors that will be moved into the new concept, if you will, renovate it in the new concept by the end of FY '15.
Victor Luis: As mentioned, decrease in the cadence of events is really being phased in throughout the year. And it has started this quarter, where we're right now at approximately four events per week. That then decreases further in the second quarter. And by the second half of the year, we will be at approximately one event per month. EOS or e-outlet business was over 15% of North American sales at about $0.5 billion.
Victor Luis: The number I gave you, the $0.50 billion, is representative of total e-commerce sales including EOS.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. And let me start by thanking all of you, who did attend our Analyst Day and as well, of course, for being with us today. I would just like to close by expressing my confidence in our plan, our brand, and most importantly in our people. As a company, this team has an amazing track record of transformation, business success and driving shareholder value. And our management team has clearly understood and embraced the need for change, the need to innovate and to evolve in what is a rapidly changing market. Our plan is bold and I certainly could not be proud of the steps we have already taken in bringing Coach the creative talent, to innovate, and to bring excitement and resonance to our brand, across all of the consumer touch points that we have been sharing with you. As we look to FY '15, it's a year of change and we all look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Thank you.
