Michael Tucci: Sure. We had -- we're very pleased with the quarter. We're very pleased with the year. The drivers behind it, conversion’s significant, more importantly behind conversion, improved handbag productivity through pricing where we had average unit retail increases as well as unit comps. That was a significant driver, and I think it speaks to the longer-term rebalancing of the assortment and driving a focus on balance in our assortment in handbags. Additionally, we're starting to see men's become a comp driver, contributing to overall productivity in our stores, particularly in the significant high profile stores where we have men’s in a more definitive and larger format within those stores. As you well know, we tend to be conservative planners. And while it's early in the quarter in Q1, the trends and tempo of the business that we saw coming out of Q4, we really see that continuing in the early stages of July. We like what we see happening with the response to product, largely driven by Chelsea, a very strong response to what I would call a more a refined look within Poppy and continued reaction to newness in our factory channel where we continue to refine our flow strategies there. And I think the other important channel to mention is that our digital opportunity continues to be a growth driver for us, not only from a sales and revenue standpoint, but in terms of visitation and browse. And we know that a large reason for our consumers coming to our site is to pre-shop our stores, so we see that as a continued opportunity as we enter into Q1.
Michael Tucci: Okay, on retail pricing, the answer is we absolutely see opportunity for pricing, and it's not absolute price increases. It's driven by mix and offer. Couple of things that are happening in the market that are favorable to us. One is we're in a strong leather cycle, which affords us the ability to get higher retails, and that will drive average unit retails up in our handbag category, had an impact on Q4 where you see average handbags over $400 contributing 17% to our overall handbag sales versus '11 in the prior year. That's a big deal. The refinement of the Poppy strategy allows us to work the mix with inside of Poppy for some potential retail upside. And one other significant opportunity is what we're calling small bags and cross body, which offers us a pricing opportunity and also protects our opening price points both within Poppy, as well as in the overall mix. That's a very important element. So while we dialed back to a target of $300 and landed in the $280 range a couple of years back, we're now working our way back in trying to capture that $20 of upside in average unit retail in handbags. And I think overtime, we see that as a real opportunity. On the factory side, it's a similar story with a strong leather trend and also being very creative there on our pricing strategy to create differentiation in our retail strategy between leather offer and signature offer which the customer accepts on the factory side and allows us to gain average unit retail increases in our handbag category. That was also helpful and a driver, and we see that continuing.
Michael Tucci: We’re a little further along on the factory side only because it's more demonstrated there. We do have 15 stores opened. We opened a handful of stores this past several weeks, so we're adding to that. The factory opportunity from a store count standpoint is significant. And while we're not committing to a long-range number, we will be nimble and aggressive in terms of taking opportunities in the marketplace to gain space on the factory side. On the full price side, we're really pleased with what we see happening in the couple of stores that we have open outside of Bleecker Street, and we’ve committed to a handful of stores this year that we're working on, including a format where we have men's and women's side-by-side with a pass-through that will open in the spring in Pentagon Center Mall outside of D.C. That's when we talk dual gender. That's the format that we want to get into the marketplace. It's a format that we're seeing a lot of success with internationally, and we think that opportunity may play itself out in North America as well. I think it's important to note on the full price side that men's is a more premium proposition for us, and we're going to target the absolute best real estate within the full price arena. As we get more experience, we'll be better informed, and we'll approach the men's full price opportunity accordingly.
Michael Tucci: We are -- there are a couple of things happening. One is we're actually in the process of taking a look at the entire fleet on a full price side and, in particular, looking at potential locations where we either have lease opportunity or space opportunity to better position men's and renovate the stores at the same time. And an example I would give you, a couple of examples locally, one would be we're about to reopen our store at 342 Madison where we were able to reformat the space and add a men's point of view and shop in that space. We did a very significant project at 595 Madison. So we have at least allocated slightly more capital to the idea of renovation and remodels within North America, particularly around taking advantage of the men's opportunity.
Lew Frankfort: I mentioned earlier that our growing awareness globally has created substantial opportunities for us. And so first, in existing markets, we're finding that we're gaining on higher awareness, increased traction, which gives us confidence that we can continue to open new locations. We're also benefiting in many markets from the global tourist who is contributing substantially to our sales in many locations. Due to the new distribution agreements and increased traction, we're in a position to open many more locations than we have had -- than we have opened in the past.
Lew Frankfort: We're going to be -- consistent with the way we run our business, we're going to do outsourcing [ph]. We're going to deal with the tariffs as we need to. The assortment will be a global assortment.
Lew Frankfort: It's conceivable that we could. I mean, right now, we're looking to grow our business from about 4% to over 10% during our planning horizon.
Lew Frankfort: I'd like to just add one clarification, Mike D. When we talk about 50% of our units coming from outside of China, what we're really referring to was incremental production requirements. We plan to maintain the same level of jobs in China that we have today, but all of our future requirements we're planning to come from outside of China.
Lew Frankfort: And to close out on that, yes, Dana, that does carry a slightly higher margin than the full price transfers into the channel.
Lew Frankfort: I think our results and our comments speak for themselves. We're off to a great start in fiscal '12, and we believe we have the strategies in place to continue to grow at double digits with the bottom line growing faster than the top line. And as I've said many times before, stay tuned. Thank you, and have a good day.
