Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob, and good morning. We are closing out the year with record earnings per share, and we're operating from a position of strength. And I think what our results show is the power of our brand and the power of our business model. And we do see this acquisition is compelling. And we do also have a lot of learnings that we can apply from Coach's success over the last few years. And there are three or four things, I think, that come top of mind as I think about your question. First, and probably most importantly, we've clarified our brand positioning. We've done that across our portfolio and really clarifying the unique position within the market for each of our brands. And as we've done that, we've crystallized our target customer and really getting to know these customers on a deeper level, fielding a lot of research, ethnographic research, quantitative, qualitative that and those insights have driven the acquisition of new and younger customers. We talked about it in our prepared remarks, half of our acquisitions in the last year being new and younger customers (ph) -- of our new customers were young Millennial and Gen Z consumers. I think second, we strengthened our teams and ways of working and I talk about this, but it's about applying data and analytics, and consumer insights in the business. Putting it in the hands of decision makers so that it influences action and that's how we deliver results behind those capabilities. And third, they're all important, but maybe most importantly, we're investing in brand building activities. That includes doubling our marketing spend over the last few years and the capabilities to meet the consumer where they are. We have a strong direct-to-consumer platform. We continue to invest in that. And we have -- it starts with a productive and profitable store fleet and we don't talk a lot about this, but our store fleet today is more profitable than it was pre-pandemic. In addition, we've created capabilities to meet consumers in digital and social channels that is increasingly important and we've tripled our digital business versus pre-pandemic levels. And we supported all of this with disciplined operating principles and disciplined inventory management. So -- that's what's driving our business. It's working and our progress is reflected. You can see that increases in AUR, increases in gross margin that we're seeing across our brand and they've enabled us to consistently deliver strong results in the face of a volatile environment. Coach is a great example I'm going to steal a little thunder from Todd, is a great example of the power of these strategies. In fiscal '24, Coach is tracking to achieve its highest annual sales and earnings in its history and we see tremendous runway ahead for that brand. So overall, we’re excited about the opportunities we see in our current portfolio and with the potential of this acquisition.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Perfect. I would cover the both of those together, Lorraine. Thank you for the question. North America, the environment is challenging. The aspirational consumer, it's -- particularly, the lower income cohort is under pressure on a relative basis and being more choiceful. We see that in our conversion results. Importantly, though, we entered the quarter with our eyes open on some of the challenges in North America with an intention on continuing to drive our business in a healthy way. And you can see that we continue to grow AUR and expanded gross margin and we were disciplined as we managed through it. And what we're seeing with this more considered purchase in North America is that innovation is what's driving engagement. And we know that, that bar is high for the consumer. In terms of your question, in terms of what's changing it, we're focused on brand building, delivering product excellence and great execution, including with strong inventory management. And what's changed the trend and it's changed pretty dramatically in the first quarter, we see an improvement. I think, number one, we're up against easier compares from a year ago, but we've also accelerated newness. As we -- being a direct-to-consumer model, we see the trends happening and we understand what consumers are responding to. And we've leveraged our agile supply chain to pull forward newness and that's had a big impact on our results. As we've talked about in the first quarter, quarter-to-date, our business running roughly in line with last year. So we've seen a nice turnaround there. And we're continuing to focus on driving a healthy business staying close to our consumer and delivering that great product that the consumer continues to respond to.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So thanks, Matt. I'll pick up the first part of that question in terms of the handbag category. This is an incredibly resilient and durable category. And we're seeing it, again, as we go through incredibly choppy demand environment around the world, the consumer continues to engage with this category in a very strong way. And it has a -- the category has proven to be durable through downturns, resilient and coming out of downturns. And the challenges that we faced over the last three years have really helped us to navigate different headwinds in different regions of the world. So as I look at our business, and the consumer response to the category, we're seeing really strong growth in our international businesses, even while the business in North America may be relatively challenged. And as we look forward, our outlook is for growth in every region in fiscal '24, slight growth in North America, but a continuation of the strong trends we see in international markets and our business is positioned to take advantage of those trends, both regionally and by channel, wherever the customer chooses to shop, we're in a great position to take advantage of those trends. And these are trends we're seeing today when a lot of the tourism business that maybe we have relied on in the past has been a bigger part of the business. We're driving this business with more local consumers and we expect over time that tourism to rebound and that will be an added benefit to our business. So a strong and durable category and we're well positioned to capitalize on that going forward.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I'll kick it off and then toss it to Todd to give you some real color on how that's happening at Coach and continuing to happen year after year. We are driving handbag AUR growth, not only in Coach, Kate Spade delivering over two years of AUR growth as well. And it comes from really understanding our consumer, leveraging data across our value chain, all of the capabilities that we've built over the last few years and embedded in our decision-making in terms of our assortment size, our assortment architecture, cutting off the tail, our inventory management capabilities. All of those capabilities, our teams have embraced. Ways of working here are critically important to make sure that those capabilities end up in the hands of decision-makers and they drive action. And I'd be remiss if I did talk about the fact that when we get to know our customers better, that gives our creative teams an opportunity to deliver that incredible creativity in a powerful way that resonates with our target consumers. So it's that balance of magic and logic. And with that, I will pass it to Todd, and he can give you some examples of how that comes to life at Coach.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks for your question, Mark. We did drive handbag AUR increases at Kate (ph) in North America. So it was not mix benefited and it's based on deliberate strategies. We are not chasing every last dollar of top line in our business. We're protecting brand health and we see a lot of runway ahead at Kate, both top line growth and in margin and AUR growth. They're a little bit earlier on the journey, although now we've got two years of consistent AUR increases under our belt. So we feel good about our ability to continue to drive AUR increases based on brand positioning. And that's the result of -- our disciplined operations are leveraging our platform with data and analytics and applying that to the business, but also driving innovation. And we're incredibly focused at Kate Spade at driving innovation and -- the big change that we saw was delivery -- faster delivery of that newness and innovation, particularly in the outlet channel with the Madison delivery, and that's not a one-off. This is a focus of ours as we get to know our core customer. We continue to innovate on product and experiences with the brand and those launches are working. We have more in store for fiscal '24. We talked about the launches of our Dakota bag coming this fall and other changes that we're making in the business that are having an impact. So we feel we're clear eyed about the opportunity at Kate. We are accelerating the pace of innovation to accelerate our progress, and we feel good about the product that we have in the pipeline to continue to drive that trend as we move forward.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. So let me start with China. Our categories and our brands are resonating with Chinese consumers. We drove 50% growth at constant currency in the market in the last quarter. And I know that the last year number was COVID disrupted, but that was an increase to our prior peak at constant currency. So we're seeing a consistently strong business in China the consumer continuing to value what we represent in the market. And our teams in China are doing an excellent job building our brands and connecting with consumers. As you know, we've been in that market for two decades, building brands, understanding the landscape and we've been agile to be able to pivot with the consumer and deliver in a way that they continue to respond to. As we look forward, we see an opportunity for continued performance in China. We talked about our guide high-single digit growth for this year. And just to frame it, it continues to expect that growth to our prior peak. So we do expect gradual recovery in China continuing throughout the year and as Scott mentioned, it's based on what we're seeing and the trends we see in the market today. So we expect a continuation. To your point, we're seeing tremendous opportunity as well in other Asia. And that's a part Japan and the rest of Asia is a part of the market that is now almost equal to China in terms of size, and it is also growing fast. We expect high-single digit growth in that region as well as in Europe. And in those markets, we're increasingly engaging the local domestic consumer base. And that's what's been driving, if you can think about it over the last three years, that's what's been driving our business. We also expect that there'll be some benefit of tourism as tourism recovers. We're seeing some of that today, mostly in Asia, a little bit in Europe, but not as much in the West at this point. We're not counting on that in our outlook. Again, we're taking the trends that we're seeing in the business and we're projecting those forward and we think a prudent way. But our international business is strong and our teams on the ground are engaging consumers in effective ways and the consumer is responding to the product and experiences which we're delivering.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Todd. That is true. And I'll hit on the regulatory questions and the Michael Kors question briefly because I know we're running over time. But just in short, we're confident in our ability to complete this transaction. This is a transaction. It is highly complementary. It expands our portfolio reach and diversification. And to your point, Oliver, we fielded a lot of research coming into this transaction. We know that the portfolio at Capri includes -- and including Michael Kors, they're strong brands and they're well positioned in attractive markets and market segments. We’re excited about the opportunity that we see working together putting these brands on our platform. They’re distinctive and have unique positioning in the market, which is why they are so attractive to us. And that does include the Kors brand, putting that – all of the brands on our platform allows us to take these iconic brands with heritage put them on our consumer engagement platform to drive more innovation, more connectivity and really more relevance for the consumer which will benefit all of our stakeholders around the world. So we’re excited about the opportunities ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your interest in our story and thank you to our exceptional teams around the world. We're pleased to report record earnings per share in fiscal '23 and to share our expectations for the continued top and bottom line growth we see for fiscal '24. We're in a position of strength and we're laser-focused on our current business where we have significant runway. Building on this foundation last week, we were excited to announce the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings. We have strong conviction that this combination positions us for an even brighter future, accelerating our strategic agenda and driving enhanced cash flow and financial returns. We see a compelling opportunity to deliver superior value for all stakeholders and I look forward to engaging with you in the days ahead. Thanks, and have a great day.
Scott Roe: And Lorraine, this is Scott. Maybe just to build on how that translates into the numbers too. We've given guidance for North America to be up slightly through the year, but really that trend that Joanne just mentioned that we're seeing right now is what's reflected in the first quarter, again -- against an easier comp, it distorts the year-on-year percentages a little bit. When we look at the balance of the year, it is very balanced, right? First half, second half and we've taken that trend on a go-forward basis in our assumptions. It's not heroic. It really reflects what we see on the ground right now and the trends that we see.
Scott Roe: And that's the perfect build, Matt, on your question around how we see the $5. The business has momentum, we're coming from a position of strength and there's no change in the fundamental outlook that led us to talk about our confidence in hitting the $5. As you rightly pointed out, the pause in share repurchase does impact EPS, but not operating earnings in terms of those assumptions, right? So if you think about that impact, there's two factors. We don't buy back as many shares. So the average share count is obviously going to be higher than previously assumed. On the other hand, we're accumulating cash, right? And that cash will be available at closing to help pay down debt. In the meantime, it's going to earn interest. So the net of those two things on a cumulative basis are about $0.35 and we've previously already said, I think, in the press release, that's about $0.10 in fiscal '24. And then you asked about free cash flow, that's the exciting part sitting as a CFO here. When I look at the potential of this transaction, first of all, just a couple of data points that maybe ground everybody, there's about $1 billion in cumulatively, if you just add up the two companies today and the generation of cash flow, right now at this point is in excess of $1.5 billion per year, right? And we've said that when you consider synergies and growth over time, that number exceeds $2 billion on an annual basis. So $2 billion of free cash flow focused really acutely in the short term on paying down debt. And then over time, the optionality that, that gives us from a capital allocation is, I think, a difference making as you think about this as a combined company in the future.
Scott Roe: Yes. And so, as you think about the pace of the year or two, just maybe a little more on that. So first of all, we'll see a significant sequential improvement in Kate in the first quarter. I don't know, if we said that already. But just like we do in the overall business. So while that's certainly positive news, and we -- and Joanne already said, we're tracking quarter-to-date, very much in line with that. Also remember, the comps get a little squirrely between the quarters here. And when we look at a multiyear stack in Q1 and really the balance of the year in our guided outlook. It's a fairly consistent theme with international being relatively stronger in the first half. Again, comps being a lot of the driver of this and then a little more in North America in the back half. But when you zoom out a couple of clicks and just look at the trajectory, this is very much the current pace of business being projected in our outlook going forward. And again, I would just repeat, it's not heroic in the way we've done it, and it's very balanced. It's not back half loaded. It's very consistent in terms of the way we guided. You had a specific question on freight. We didn't identify it. I would tell you, freight is largely behind us now. The one quarter where we're going to see a benefit is Q1. And if you recall, from years past, that's when we started seeing the big freight and then we had one quarter where we were still down last year in gross margin because of freight. So we’ll get that benefit on a year-on-year basis in Q1. But for the balance of the year, it’s a much more moderate benefit as we look forward. So less than a full point as we look at this year.
Scott Roe: And let me jump in here -- sorry, Dana. I'm just going to jump in. I was looking through my notes, and I don't think we fully answered one of the questions that Mark laid out. And I just wanted to get it out there for the group. It was specific on what we saw in AUR at Kate Spade. And we grew AUR across both retail and outlet in the fourth quarter in Kate Spade. So that focus on quality and while we’re not chasing the last dollar focus on fundamental and long-term brand health, that was evident in the quarter that we just reported. So I just wanted to get that out there.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. And I said this before, innovation creates desire. And we have created a desire not just in the product, but the way we present the product. Joanne has talked a lot about how we use our Tapestry platform to inform our understanding of our customer. And we do this with coupled with the idea of expressive luxury. So when we look at expressive luxury, we talk about the actual product. We talk about the place, what's the environment we put it in. If you saw this year, we created so much innovation with the Tabby pop-ups globally, that created excitement. And so I'm very confident that the storytelling that we've really led with this purpose-led storytelling. We started last year with Lil Nas. We moved into connecting the product and the storytelling together with our Tabby campaign, which has drove incredible desire for Tabby. So I feel very good about our continuing AUR both in North America and globally. We'll see low to mid-single digits there. And we're doing it on both sides of the equation. We've raised the floor over the last couple of years, our consumers are coming into the brand at higher price points. We're extraordinarily focused on that 300 to 500 price range. And that has created even greater white space between us and European luxury. So for us, the desire of our product, the innovation we're bringing, the storytelling around it, all under the umbrella of express of luxury is working and I believe will continue to work.
Todd Kahn: And Dana, I'll just add on the wholesale, if you take Europe, we're really growing our wholesale business in Europe in a very productive way. I feel very good about that. And that benefits from a local consumer as Joanne said, but as we see China opening up more, there will be more -- if there is an inbound of PRC in the rest of Asia and in Europe, that will benefit us. And then in North America, again, Coach is 96% direct-to-consumer. So we have a much greater connectivity to our client in that area. That said, we always believe in the wholesale channel. We want to win in that channel. We'd love to see many of our wholesale partners create higher service levels in those channels that will enable us to do that and we're working with them on that. So overall, we feel good about our positioning. We feel good about controlling our own destiny, but there is tremendous opportunity. And I will say not just in handbags, but for the Coach brand, we see further opportunities with footwear, particularly in wholesale.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Hi, Oliver. And I kind of was hoping you were going to ask me a Coachtopia question, but we feel very good about holiday. You're going to see clarity of products, building on our really significant platforms with Tabby. We're going to be launching starting in the fall, which will lead into holiday, and I won't give too much away on the holiday campaign. But our Shine campaign, which again is a further extension of connecting product with purpose (ph). We feel very, very good about that. We feel like we done a good job, but there's always room to improve on the animation of both the product and how we look at holiday. So I'm very excited for the holiday quarter. I think both in brick-and-mortar offerings as well as our digital offerings. And I will say, even though you didn't ask me, we are very excited about where we are with Coachtopia and as Joanne said, while still relatively small at the year ahead of where we thought we would be, more importantly, I'll quote Scott here. It's hitting above its weight class in terms of being a driver of younger consumers creating interest in the brand. So you'll see Coachtopia play really a significant factor as we start expanding the product offering and start putting it in more doors right around that holiday gift-giving period. So we'll have something for everyone at Coach and I know the same is true at our sister brand.
