Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends, or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, controlled costs, successfully execute our transformation initiatives and growth strategies, or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the acquisition. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ending December 27, 2014, and March 28, 2015, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis, which you may identify by the terms non-GAAP, as adjusted, constant currency, or excluding transformation-related charges or acquisition costs. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric, as well as the related reconciliation, on our website www.coach.com/investors. And then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2015 milestones and learnings and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Jane Nielsen will follow with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and year, along with our outlook for FY 2016. After that, we will hold a Q&A session where we will be joined by Andre Cohen, President, North America. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to turn the call over to Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Please note also that we will go obviously beyond the 9:30 timeframe in order to give analysts and investors a chance to answer questions. Operator, you may open the call up now.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And it's probably worth noting obviously our 1Q comp guidance, our overall guidance for the trend over the year does incorporate what we're seeing in the markets, most recently in the June numbers. Can I also ask – I won't wait for the operator to do this, but you limit yourself to one question. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Well, Bob, in the short answer, it's clearly an opportunity. What we're seeing of course in the short term is an overhang in the luxury market that is being driven by the macro issues and the extreme exchange rate volatility that we've discussed that is obviously impacting tourist flows. But we also do strongly believe that the consumer is simply waiting for more innovation; and clearly, there's an opportunity for Coach to drive market share and category growth by driving innovation in the marketplace and providing relevant brand experience as we have in the past. I had the pleasure of driving our business in Japan in what was a very mature market where we grew by taking market share, so this is not a new experience for us. We've long said and history shows that times of inflection in our category and in North America and indeed globally are driven by innovation. And simply put, consumers are looking to be inspired and delighted. And our transformation is very focused on doing just that: creating desire through innovative products, differentiated experiences that our customers are looking for and covet. And we strongly believe that at the end of the day, there's no better place in the fashion place to be than the handbag and accessories space. And with great execution, the terrific team that we have, we remain confident in our ability to drive positive comps by the end of FY 2016.
Victor Luis: For me, it really comes down to, Bob, as I mentioned, our ability to execute in all of the investment that we're putting behind our transformation and our confidence in our strategy. It really comes down to, first and foremost, as we mentioned the inflection that we're seeing in these 45 doors here in North America. We have 150 or approximately 15% of our global fleet now in the new concept. By the end of this fiscal year, we will have closer to 40% of the fleet. And we're really excited about the programs that we have ahead of us through products, through marketing as we celebrate our 75th anniversary, kicking off from September.
Victor Luis: Overall, we have – as we stated in our notes, we're looking at category growth into the medium term of mid-single digits. We remain confident in that 5% to 6% range. And in terms of July, we're very consistent with the guidance that we've just given. So no real change.
Victor Luis: Sure. First, in terms of the first part of your question, David, there isn't really one thing. I mean, we've been very consistent in sharing the fact that we believe that's really all of the multitude of actions that we're taking around product, around our stores and around our marketing, whether it be traditional print or recent activities around social media and across channels, not just specific to any one channel. We've been very consistent about that in trying to be as focused as possible in these 12 major North American markets so that we can drive towards an inflection point for the total brand. Obviously, look, the clearest sign that we have of our strategy is, as we mentioned during our notes and have been very consistent with, we couldn't be happier with the doors that we've renovated. We're doing everything possible to move ahead at a further and quicker pace with those. What we've done in the last six months with 150 locations, new and renovated, is pretty unprecedented in our space globally for luxury brands. So pleased with that, and by the end of this fiscal year, we'll have another 40% – about 40%. In terms of the investment in marketing, we are going to increase our marketing spend by another $25 million, has been the plan this fiscal year, and we're very focused on that. And it'll be across a multitude of different areas from of course investments in our fashion show to the follow-up work across social media and as well, of course, everything related to what we're doing in partnerships and events, especially with Coach Backstage and music and the like to drive relevance across different consumer groups.
Victor Luis: And to be clear, in total marketing, which will be a mixture of advertising, social media events and the like.
Victor Luis: We don't provide it for the month. I mean we're really looking at obviously results where we're taking it from public sources as well as our internal panel. And in general, as we said, we've had a slowdown from the previous quarter mid-single to low-single digits for the quarter.
Victor Luis: Morning, Michael. So, conversion improved sequentially across the entire chain and particularly so in the renovated stores. Overall, it's been a mixed bag of metrics improvement in the renovated stores. Traffic has been the most consistent one, but we've seen improvement in virtually every renovated store. Next is average ticket, that's improved also disproportionately. Conversion has been mixed. In some cases, it's been up, in other cases not. But overall, all metrics have moved positively in these 45 renovated stores.
Victor Luis: I think there's been a lot of comments, Matthew, in the market about just the promotional environment in general, whether it be in department stores, the full-price malls or the outlet channel having picked up across the various categories, not just handbags and accessories, but fashion in general. And certainly what we're seeing go forward in terms of how to think about a stabilization in the category, as I'd mentioned, I think there's two or three things here. There's, first and foremost, the macro trends that we're seeing and especially in the luxury sector, handbags and accessories we know are very much driven as well by tourist in major markets. So I think that's one key impact that we'll see. And then secondly, it's going to be innovation. It's going to be brands coming forward and driving relevance and creating desire within obviously the various consumer segments. We're very focused on that with what we're doing and really looking forward to obviously driving forward with both our product and marketing and store initiatives in the months and quarters ahead.
Victor Luis: And, Oliver, to your question, I think, specifically on the traffic in the modern luxury doors, which is across channels, not just the outlet, part of the answer would be, as you suggest, of course the window program, which we're really pleased with. It helps to differentiate us. But also in general, what we hear from our sales associates is just word of mouth as consumers come in and experience the location, sharing it with others and driving increased interest in the location and in the brand.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Andrea. I just want to close by thanking you all again for joining us. With the first year of our transformation fully behind us, I certainly could not be prouder of our team, the continued commitment and courage they are demonstrating and executing our plans. We have a unique opportunity, a brand with a unique heritage as America's original house of leather. And we fully plan to leverage that as we celebrate our 75 years as a brand by taking a very bold step forward, defining a modern Coach with our first full runway presentation this September. In addition, with the acquisition of the Stuart Weitzman brand, I believe that as a company, we're much better positioned to capitalize on the growth outside of handbags and accessories. In short, we're committed to our strategies. We're going to be steadfast in our investments that we've outlined behind our products, stores and marketing as we drive growth and relevance for both our brands over the long term. We have a firm belief that we will return to best-in-class, and we look forward in the months and quarters ahead to sharing our 75th anniversary with you. Thank you, all.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Well, certainly the impact on revenue is translational. There is some impact that we called out in gross margin that relates to our hedging activities and impacts largely related to inventory.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, David, just to add, just in aggregate, over the last two years, we're very much in line with the guidance we put out, which is a $50 million increase by the end of FY 2016 in total advertising. You'll see it in our release this year, and then we expect to continue next year.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: That's right. So right now, we're guiding for FY 2017 in the range of 20%. It's a little bit of tightening based on the category dynamics.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: We also know, Erinn, as reported by the ShopperTrak, the market intelligent (sic) [intelligence] (1:10:57) comps actually showed weakening in mall traffic in the month of June too. That was one of our inputs when we looked at the overall category.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: We had the semi-annual sale, Michael, as you'll remember, in both June, and we were not speaking only about us, we were talking about the overall category, as I referenced, as well as weaker traffic into malls in the month of June. Obviously, there are a lot of reports of other companies yet to come for us to provide a better analysis of what specifically happened in June. But, again, we did call out what we believe is a deceleration. And I know a number of the other analysts in the calls have also put it out in their research and their handpacks or their results.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, I think, Michael, what I'll say is, as we come out – we expect the most significant inflections to be in the second quarter. We'll have a significant – we'll have an increase in our modern luxury door renovations. You'll see our new product flows as well as 75th anniversary marketing initiatives. So as you're thinking about comps, the most significant inflection comes through in Q2. But really, we're thinking about it as a sequential progression through the year, getting to positive in that fourth quarter in North America.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: And, Oliver, I would say just as you look at that, that really reflects sort of what we're continuing to call for in terms of our gross margin outlook, which is really investing in the product, investing in higher quality, balanced by pullback in promotion with that FX being sort of a toggle over time, but continued benefit to gross margin of our international growth.
