Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, as I mentioned earlier, we do have a very strong creative team in place, where we expect it to transition will be seamless. One of the excellent aspects of where we are today is that our entire creative and business team is aligned on the transformational strategies that are underway. We are also very focused on what we need to do from a focus and pacing perspective. And we’re confident that we’re going to be able to continue to move forward as we have. Victor and I have been working very closely with Reed to spearhead the transition and everyone is up to speed. In terms of our focus, as we said earlier, we began with men’s. We relaunched footwear. And the initial results are extremely satisfying. We are moving forward to launch a head-to-toe capsule group that will be anchored in accessories, which bridges to innovation in handbags. One of the opportunities for Coach is to offer a more sophisticated, tailored look that will appeal to consumers who are both in our franchise as well as to our new consumers, and we will begin to see some of these styles during our holiday quarter.
Lew Frankfort: And Kimberly, just on Japan, quite a similar story in the sense that there is very little development taking place in full price. Indeed, most of luxury full price distribution is through the department store channel, which is not growing, and has in fact been contracting for over a decade. Our focus there is on men’s distribution. Given the department store distribution, our handbag distribution tends to be in women’s spaces, so we have been selectively adding men’s location in buildings where we already exist, leveraging the management talent and infrastructure in place. In terms of factory distribution, the market is pretty much saturated and mature. There will be some select closings and openings as we evolve, but we see our focus really being on current distribution, remodeling, and continuing to drive the brand transformation through innovation in the space that we’re in.
Lew Frankfort: First, in terms of competition, we’d rather focus on the category dynamics in terms of size. And as I indicated earlier, the category grew high single-digits. It’s extremely vibrant, and we’re participating in that growth. And of course we need to look at our business globally and we also need to look at our men’s business. And I think the results speak for themselves. Relative to watches, you’re correct. We did make a strategic decision to shift watches to the much more dynamic fashion area within department stores. And as part of that change, we are also evolving our assortment holistically so that we can offer more compelling, relevant fashion at good price points.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to your question around volume versus building skill sets, first, we do have a very seasoned and strong team. Our bench, both on the creative side, as well as on the retail and operating side, has experience across all of the categories that we’re in today. And in fact, we have experienced, even at POS, in most of everything that we plan to launch in holiday, our focus, it’s really on augmenting our leadership team with key significant hires, which Victor mentioned earlier in the call.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to our margin structure, we don’t believe that our overall margin will change materially from growth in our footwear business. We do believe it will help grow the overall business, and grow overall profitability. With regard to future plans, we have a great partnership with our licensing partner and our contract doesn’t expire for another two years.
Lew Frankfort: Reed has been careful to balance his time, so that both Coach and RK can benefit from his considerable talents. A good part of Reed’s effort and my efforts, and more recently Victor’s, has been to forge a creative team that can work collaboratively and who are empowered, and we have been working very closely with that team and do believe, as I said earlier, that we’re in a very strong position to move forward without any disruption. Relative to ready to wear, I think the context you really need to think about is that we’re not looking to sell tops and bottoms. This is not a full launch into ready to wear. This is a very careful, methodical approach to create a story of who the Coach woman is.  And our intention in all of our lead stores is to provide a capital group of ready to wear with our outerwear, and it’s going to be a tiered structure. There will be a small number of stores that will carry ready to wear, who have dressing rooms. We are contemplating adding a small number of dressing rooms.  A much larger number of stores will be carrying key iconic items, led by accessories, shoes, bags, outerwear. And in China, there’s an opportunity that’s much larger, where we already have outerwear representing over 20% of our sales in key stores. 
Lew Frankfort: On margin, it’s exactly where we would like it to be. Men’s is at parity with women’s. In terms of Reed’s successor, obviously, as you say, it’s a different point in time. We’re early in our search. We are looking for someone who will be able to oversee the global men’s and women’s design effort and help to spearhead our creative functions. But again, depending on the person that we find, we’ll adjust the organizational structure. We are, of course, looking for someone who is highly collaborative, who works across different channels, different geographies, who will be partnering with our very strong team. 
Lew Frankfort: Obviously there’s a lot going on here at Coach. I think you heard a lot of enthusiasm from myself and our team. We are at an exciting juncture. We’re galvanized towards what we need to do, and we’re very enthusiastic about our long term opportunities. So I wish you all a good day. Thank you.
Michael Tucci: Thank you, that’s helpful. Let me take full price first, where there’s an interesting inflection happening in full price today, where we have a significant amount of leasing activity happening around leases that are coming due, which provides us an opportunity for repositioning, looking at market penetration, and potential downsizing of stores in select markets. In addition, we have significant lease rights built in, which allow us to take action, and on a select basis, underperforming stores.  On the opposite end of that is an intense focus around our top 100 locations in North America, including wholesale, for repositioning, replatforming, supporting our business from a transformation standpoint. So in full price, it’s a combination of some pruning and what I would call market analysis, and then really focusing on top stores for maximum positioning and competitive positioning to support the transformation. On the factory side, frankly there’s a lot of development happening. There’s an enormous amount of new development and there we’re focused on select new market entries and new store entry, as well as maximizing the men’s opportunity with some repositioning in smaller stores. I think we’ll give you a lot of detail on that when we talk about our longer term strategy in the fourth quarter call.
Michael Tucci: That’s a good question. There was a lot of chatter about that. There’s a lot to it. One, it’s critical to note that we have to separate some of the tactical things we do in stores and in our marketing to drive engagement, and to drive conversion with the net margin impact.  And all of our promotional strategies are built with the assortment when we set our assortments almost a year in advance, with a number of options against how we want to play it. And so we’ve gone from some discounting activity on total transactions, to a targeted promotional campaign on handbags, which had an incredible impact on mix and ticket within the factory channel. And we’ll continue to work it.  What we’ve found is that the factory channel expects promotional value, and we are working to nuance that and play that in the most effective way that we can. The most important thing we can do is continue to focus on innovation there and in full price, and to deliver compelling products. And that offers us the most pricing flexibility going forward.
Michael Tucci: The logo opportunity for us continues to evolve. We had a tremendous quarter in leather. The logo trends were probably at their lowest level, and we think that’s a good thing longer term, as we begin to lap that, particularly as we go into next season. I feel very good from a positioning standpoint about our balance between logo and leather. And I think going forward the opportunity is to [distort] leather further.  In terms of traffic, what we said was, and please be mindful that we don’t disaggregate metrics in detail, we did see some sequential improvement from the holiday quarter. And one thing I want to note, and I feel good about this, we’re seeing a very strong performance in our stores, both full price and factory, around key holidays.  So we saw it coming out of the Christmas period, the holidays that fell into January. We saw a very strong performance around Chinese New Year and President’s Day, Easter as well. I think that bodes well for us for Mother’s Day, which is the single biggest holiday period in our stores other than Christmas. And it’s just a few weeks away. So we want to continue to focus on maximizing opportunities around our biggest traffic periods, and hopefully that will continue to help drive productivity.
Michael Tucci: In terms of of positioning, footwear, we’re just getting started on it. To get some scope on this, I believe that footwear represents the single largest opportunity that we have in front of us in women’s. It reminds me a little bit of the early days when we started with our men’s strategy.  We’re focused today on setting the assortments, positioning the assortments properly in terms of size of assortment and offer and pricing. We feel good about our store count in North America at about 175 stores. We’re beginning to dabble with the idea of what footwear might look like in the factory channel, and you’ll see us play there in future.  And I actually believe that from an assortment and positioning standpoint, the fall assortment that we launch is truly stronger than what we have today. It’s an assortment that was built with more time, with Javan and our design team, and we will have the benefit of further in-store execution, [unintelligible] wrap removal, mobile POS, [seeding], presentation, and most importantly, more time with selling confidence and service as we launch that.  So early days. We’re committed to it. And we’ll continue to focus on it as a growth category.
Michael Tucci: I would say that as you have heard, we’ve seen really no visible change in our trend. We continue to be focused on our distribution growth as well as driving efficiency in our stores. We have a very experienced and increasingly seasoned team on the ground. And we’re very, very pleased with the repurchase intent that we’re seeing with consumers.  Our strategy is obviously very different than the traditional European luxury brands who are much more focused on exclusivity. Coach is much more focused on being a selective brand and we believe the opportunity is tremendous, and being in only today 41 cities, out of what the Economic Intelligence Unit is telling us is 210 cities with a population of a million or more, in most recent data, gives us a tremendous confidence on the opportunity that lies ahead. We truly believe it is still very much boundless. And of course, we’re seeing tremendous benefits from our investments in China, not only in China, but indeed in almost every single market where we have retail today. The impact of these Chinese consumers, and the Chinese tourist, is a growing one.
