Lew Frankfort: I think the only, if we want to call it a surprise, the wind was at our back. And we actually found that the category group 5% to 10% in North America, and we were able to grow at a much faster rate in the category. And what's most interesting about that is that after six quarters of decline in the premium handbag and accessory category, last quarter was the third quarter in a row where we grew 5% to 10% led by Coach, and that's obviously very encouraging. But more generally and overarchingly, we did have, of course, had an excellent quarter and what that did for us as a team is reinforce our confidence that the road map that we've articulated as a growth company can and will be achieved.
Lew Frankfort: Well, I mean the higher, the better, of course. But I think that it's realistic for us to assume that if we continue on our trajectory and enjoy the same level of success that we've enjoyed in other new markets that we've penetrated then we could achieve our 15% market share.
Lew Frankfort: No. The market is moving. Quickly, Coach is growing much faster than the market but the market is, as we said earlier, it's going to double over the next four to five years.
Lew Frankfort: I'll tell you what, I will take the sourcing cost question, and then I'll have Mike Tucci to answer the AUR question. But obviously, coming out of the quarter, we're absolutely thrilled with the levels of profitability in the business, gross margin and SG&A, both delivering 200 basis points of operating margin improvement. But as we've been talking about for three quarters now, we do anticipate seeing inflationary cost pressures that will impact our gross margin rates. We spent a lot of time on the last call going through a number of the initiatives we have in place to look and offset those, longer term, things like counter-sourcing, moving to production to Vietnam, to India, et cetera. So all of those activities continue ahead at full speed, and we just are enormously encouraged by the quarter that we just put in the books and feel that we can keep the top line growth going. We can deliver SG&A leverage that will help it offset some of these gross margin pressures and deliver very, very strong operating margin to the bottom line, similar to last year's level in spite of the pressures.
Lew Frankfort: There's a lot of talk to that. Let me begin by saying that Europe does represent a very substantial opportunity for Coach. Each market has its own unique differences over, on most generally, we will enter Europe with a multichannel strategy as we have in other countries. So you will see us having flagship stores, freestanding stores, shop-in-shops and outlet locations in addition to, and Internet presence. The way in which we're looking to establish the brand initially, it's through flagship locations in such markets as London and in Paris, whether the flagship is within a prestigious department store such as Printemps, or freestanding location. We are working with our local partners who have considerable know-how in the market, and we will continue to do that. I'm very pleased with the way things are going. I actually was in Spain and France just the other week, and it was exciting for me to visit our first shop which opened in Madrid and have a chance to see our little jewel and speak to consumers. And the consumers surprisingly, actually, have a very high awareness of Coach, and they did because of international travel. They appreciated the quality, the styling, the pricing, certainly, and the overall in-store experience. In addition, we're also benefiting from our growing awareness globally in the form of international travelers. So when we were in Printemps, just a day or two later, we saw a very broad mix of consumers, including, of course, substantial French consumers, but also international travelers particularly from China and Japan. And we believe that will help us form a very profitable business from the inception.
Lew Frankfort: In general, she likes leather, and she likes stylish products. And Mike said earlier that we've had a very strong success in North America in Madison, particularly with our gathered leather, the Sophia style. That is our runaway number one style around the world. And we're actually chasing inventory for it. So we're finding that she is more sophisticated, more stylish and is looking for product that meets her current needs.
Lew Frankfort: I think the answer is yes. I mean, Randy, when you look at the closet of our customer and while on average, she might have 10 to 12 bags in active use, and even a Coach loyal consumer would have, let's say, a few bags from other brands, in many households where the consumer is not price-sensitive, she's also carrying European luxury brands. And what we're finding by rebalancing our assortment, as Mike T has indicated in giving consumer a wide range of choices, we're able to let the consumer vote in the store at what rate she wants to purchase. The key for us was to rebalance our assortment. The strength that we're experiencing in the higher price points comes from incredibly appealing product in leather that represents great value.
Lew Frankfort: There's a variety of factors. First and most importantly, it's product. And the product that we are introducing for holiday, we have done substantial pilots, and early reads show that it's selling extremely well. So the sell-through that we're experiencing in Madison, in particular, and the expectation we have to other groups that we'll be introducing in November and December, are quite strong. And it's product that gives us that confidence.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everybody for participating in the call. I think the quarter speaks for itself. And as I said at the very beginning of the question period, the confidence that we have coming out of this quarter after several quarters of continued double-digit growth really reinforces our confidence as a team. That the road map that we've articulated, as a growth company looking to achieve double-digit top line and bottom line growth over the next several years, is well within our sights and within our reach. Thank you, everyone, and have a good day.
Michael Devine: So Bob, to answer to your mathematical question, coming out of Q1, the increase in inventory is overwhelmingly skewed towards the increase in unit. We have a low single-digit increase in average unit costs, right and so, of the year-over-year inventory dollar growth. The vast majority of it is, in fact, units, which Mike spoke to. I'll also add on that, of course, since a year ago, we've opened the Asian distribution center, which has required a inventory investment, but now allows us to operate far more nimbly and take advantage of growth opportunities in regions in Asia.
Michael Devine: Sure. That's a good question Brian. We really think about a 52-week compare in the main. Of course, that will only influence Q4, which during FY '10 was a 14-week quarter for us versus our usual 13 weeks. So as i speak to that, I really think it's appropriate to look at it on a comparable basis, so good clarifying question. In terms of at peak SG&A, actually, we're going to continue to open stores and invest in the business, so we'll continue the SG&A's dollar growth year-over-year. What I will say is that our second quarter, our December quarter, is obviously our most mature and evolved quarter. We've been a gift-giving resource for many, many years. So we'll be, this year as it has been in years past, the most difficult quarter to achieve SG&A leverage because we have so much leverage to begin with because of the high sales volumes. And where we'll really see that SG&A leverage kick in year-over-year as the top line continues to grow will be in the second half Q's 3 and Q4.
Michael Devine: Yes. We feel like the strategies we've put in place largely around our international tax strategies should hold for the foreseeable future.
Michael Devine: I'll take the first half of the question, Dana. And I think we're very optimistic about the trajectory and shape of the curve long term around our operating margins. And what we'll see is as Full Price business reinvigorates and as our international businesses begin to take a bigger share of the total sales pie, those two positive things will begin in the main move gross margins forward or higher. And in terms of delivering SG&A leverage, again, if we continue to see the top line growth that we enjoyed in Q1, it's clear that we'll be able to deliver additional leverage. During the quarter, Mike Tucci's P&L and our P&L in Coach Japan, delivered a tremendous amount of SG&A leverage, allowing us to show the 10 points of leverage across the whole company as we continue to investment spend. As an example, the Coach China P&L showed 15 points of SG&A leverage against itself from a year ago. We're still growing our spending there faster than the top line, so it was a modest de-lever for the company as a whole. But just as an example, as Coach China begins or continues to grow top line and their spending year-over-year slows, they will continue to deliver operating margin expansion. So will we get back to record levels of '07? It's probably a few years out into our long-range plan but definitely the direction that we will head over time.
Michael Tucci: David, I'll just remind you, sorry, Lew, to jump in here, but when we took over the Coach Japan business in '01, we had about 2% market share. And as we just reported, we're at 16% today. So we're excited about the opportunity that it kind of represents.
Michael Tucci: Sure. on the AUR side, particularly within handbag, what we're experiencing is very balanced growth in handbags. We had a nice comp performance in handbags in Q1, and we're positioned well in Q2. There is some opportunity to raise or to get higher handbag AURs and we're very, very much focused on achieving that. It's mostly a function mix and how we own the goods. And what we're seeing is a very strong response to leather, to gathered leather, to novelty leather applications. Those, by nature, carry higher retails and the customer is voting yes on those. So while we're very committed to protecting our opening price point positioning, we're also seeing some upside in some of the elevated products. And we do believe that there's opportunity for us to nuance that going forward, and we'll take full advantage of it.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Randy, Q1 was encouraging to us from a traffic standpoint. We did see some improvement from a sequential standpoint coming out of Q4. And I believe that these trends are cyclical. We are starting to lap our repositioning strategy, and I think that, that's an important opportunity for us to continue to build traction. This is a long-term game. And as we've established much more balance in our assortments, and I believe our product from an innovation standpoint continues to improve, it feels like traffic is moving in the right direction. It's very difficult to put a stake in the ground and predict exactly when the inflection point will occur. But we're feeling very good from a Full Price standpoint that we are both impacting traffic with internal initiatives that we're putting out there, pilots and marketing initiatives, as well as seeing the long-term benefit from our repositioning.
Michael Tucci: Michael Tucci. Let me just add something, and I'd encourage you guys to keep an eye on it in your channel checks. We have also built a slightly different flow strategy for Q2. And you'll see us updating our product assortments more boldly throughout the quarter. So as we typically front loaded the quarter with an enormous October repositioning, while we did that with the relaunch of Madison this season, we also have strong newness hitting over the course of the next eight weeks, eight to 10 weeks. And that's really important, particularly in December where we're flowing in Alexandra, which offers us a real opportunity to capture sales on newness going into our peak 10- to 14-day period.
Michael Tucci: Dana, on the products side, we're pretty focused on Q2 but just to foreshadow the back half, we believe Poppy and Madison, as anchor collections, have continued strength through the back half. We're also very excited about Colette and Kristin as platforms that we can build on. And they really target a very important sort of classic-tailored consumer. There's obvious opportunity for us to continue to build on the Men's innovation piece in our existing stores and our Men's concept stores and our freestanding stores. And directionally, I want to really emphasize that we do believe there is pricing opportunity for us not in an enormous way, but we are projecting AUR improvement in handbags in the back half. We also are extremely pleased with the strength of our women's accessories business, which is trending really, really well. And we put a ton of innovation and function into that category, particularly in wallets and small bags, and that's checking very, very well, and that will continue.
