Michael D. Tucci: Sure. [Audio Gap] remain steady. We did see a change in run rate in factory. And what we saw was the success of our pricing strategy in Q3 against a less promotional environment, with more robust traffic trends were successful. We were able to maintain higher rates of productivity and comps, and that changed late in the fourth quarter as we anniversaried a more promotional environment in factory. And we saw a change in factory tempo in terms of traffic levels in factory stores. We responded to it. We took action. We pushed a stronger value message into our stores. We revamped our signage and presentation programs in the stores to show a more pronounced level of newness and value, and we continue to do that as we enter into July. And the learning for us is that as we see a more promotional environment, as we are up against a heavier promotional cadence in factory stores, we have to be nimble. We have to use a variety of levers in terms of messaging and pricing, and we have to run the business for a balance of sales productivity and margin improvement. And that's the approach that we're taking going forward.
Michael D. Tucci: Okay, sure. The reality is that we did see an improvement in our factory business when we went back to a more aggressive stance in the stores. And it's a channel where we have to constantly find the right balance between pricing, value, newness and achieving the right levels of margin. I think long term, our objective is to continue to deliver growth in this channel, and that's our approach going forward. We do see in the front half of our FY '13 a fairly promotional compare, as well as an environment that we think will become increasingly promotional from a macro standpoint. So we have to be prepared, and we're working the business to drive results, hence our guidance for FY '13. I'm going to pass it to Lew to speak to Legacy on a global level, and then I can add some color here in North America.
Michael D. Tucci: I think to add to that, in terms of how we're planning the cadence of the launch, the marketing launch in the marketplace, both from a digital as well as traditional media standpoint, really begins to hit mid-August. We have just launched here in North America our first product flow across our department store channels and our retail stores. We are also refreshing with new styles and colors monthly. We have a significant investment in Legacy as part of our holiday gifting strategy in our Q2 strategy, which is our most important quarter. And then we will begin some nuance Legacy in the second half of the year, our fiscal year, with additional elements such as the weekend concept and additional expressions from a category standpoint to round out multi-category platform within Legacy. So it's ongoing, it's throughout the year and it's seasonally enhanced.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. A couple of things. One, in the stores that entered the quarter with men's fully positioned, and that was about half of where we landed at the end of the quarter, Men's was a significant driver of comp and productivity. The overall comp impact for the Men's shops that we added in Q4 was less significant because they came in very late at the quarter. You'll see a bigger impact for Men's as the comp driver in FY '13 as we go into Q1 virtually fully established. There are a handful of very significant shop installations happening in the first half of the year based on lease timing. But the majority of our Men's work in terms of impact in shops and stores happened right at the end of the quarter and will have a bigger impact on FY '13.
Michael D. Tucci: Lew, I think the only piece that I can add, on the operational side of things, we do not -- we work very, very hard on throughput, productivity, managing transactions in stores. In fact, we launched our first phase of mobile POS in factory stores on a pilot basis. We do not see a cap on productivity in our stores from a throughput standpoint. We've been through this for a number of years. We've been through multiple peaks around holidays, and we still see tremendous headroom in terms of productivity and operational efficiency in our stores.
Michael D. Tucci: I do. Quick learnings there for me. One, we have a strong team here with great relationships with our key partners in the department stores. The department store leaders are very committed to Coach. We're working extremely hard to create the same excitement around Legacy in department stores that we have in our retail stores. And so the investment that we're making around presentation, product assortment, training and development and marketing really carries over into the wholesale channel. That launch was timed exactly to the day with -- when we launched in our retail stores. I think the first major flagship in a department store that's going to be run by the Coach direct team in Herald Square as part of the accessories hall that Macy's is doing in New York is a tremendous opportunity for us and one that we may find some opportunities for a longer term in terms of the operating model. So we're working very hard on that channel to protect our position there as a market share leader and to deliver value to that consumer.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. We're just getting Legacy out. I mentioned it's in our North American stores for about a week, and we just launched it in China and in most Asian markets. In Japan, it won't be launched for another -- a few weeks even though we're in some presell activities. Overall, the collection is doing well and it's meeting our expectations. It's early days for us to talk to what it will mean overall globally for the business, and we are taking a more cautious approach, considering the macro environment.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. As we've indicated on, the Legacy collection is inspired by very -- great success of product from our archives. And what we've done is create a modern interpretation that is relevant and stylish today and we are confident will be relevant and stylish tomorrow. Our intention is for this to be a multiyear dual-gender platform that will allow us to more strongly differentiate ourselves against competitors since the branding materials detail on styling is unique and authentic to Coach. We have a real confidence that Legacy will be embraced by both women and men worldwide.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, Omar, the category has been growing disproportionately for nearly 15 years now. There's been a real shift in women's spending patterns as she has consistently distorted her spending away from apparel towards accessories as a way to update her wardrobe. We expect that to continue. At the same time, we believe that there's a very substantial opportunity globally and as well as here in the U.S. in the men's accessories area where the category is experiencing outsized growth. We mentioned that the category grew by about 25% this year here in the United States, and a majority of that growth came from Coach. So we do feel that while the category, like all discretionary consumer spending, is subject to change based upon consumer sentiment, we believe that the changes will be less pronounced than in other categories.
Lew Frankfort: It's a great question, and it's something we think end about all of the time and work. First, there was a overall decline in the rate of traffic later in the quarter. And this is -- transcends Coach but has impacted us, particularly in June. And what we saw among other retailers starting really in May was an intensification of their promotional activities including the perennial in-store coupon to drive additional shopping. So we do see what occurred in our fleet late in the quarter heavily driven by the macro environment. And as Mike said, we were up against very strong promotional activities last year. In terms of product, certainly product is a factor. We actually introduced a strong platform in the second half of June. We sent deletes from our Full Price, Kristin, and that coupled with the reinstatement of coupons, reinvigorated factory performance. We believe that when we look at factory bricks-and-mortar, both on digital as the nominee channel, that we have huge opportunities to drive additional factory sales. That is basically buying discontinued or made-for-factory product at a discount. And the appetite, of course, among consumers to buy product at a discount is insatiable and growing.
Lew Frankfort: And the only -- the last thing I'll add is that we are going through a project to elevate the in-store experience. And we are in the midst of developing prototypes which we plan to roll out during this year, that will show a much more integrated, broader Coach experience, which will focus off, in addition to bags and accessories, on other lifestyle categories such as sunwear, wearable jewelry, outerwear and -- to name several.
Lew Frankfort: What we said was that they remain consistent with their level last year. We do not -- last quarter. We do not disaggregate comps. And our overall comps were 6.7% in the third quarter. And what we went on to say was that the entire decline was due to a decline in performance within our factory channel during the fourth quarter.
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that outside the U.S., all of our shop-in-shops are leased shops. These are -- they are all concession shops where we pay based on performance and, in some cases, a guaranteed minimum threshold. So this is really the prevailing model outside the United States, and we've enjoyed great success with that model. In the U.S., the situation is quite different, as department stores have maintained their direct operation of virtually all of their shops. We don't expect that to change materially. We see Macy's as an exceptional situation. We're partnering with Macy's to really create a global flagship for Coach that will attract tourists, both from the United States and abroad, to Macy's to see our spectacular shop.
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that we know there's a lot of interest in what we announced today. Obviously, some of the metrics were lower than what Wall Street expected. The reality is that we manage our business for the long term, and we have real clarity about what we're doing and where we're traveling and are very confident in our long-term growth prospects and our ability to drive our business at a double-digit pace. We have an exceptionally strong franchise. We have a seasoned and nimble management team and operating team, and we're driven to win. And I believe that you will find that in the seasons and years to come, we will prevail as we have over the years and decades. Thank you, everybody.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Liz. First, when we think about China profitability, what we said and what we've seen is that China's four-wall profitability is in the 40% range. So the store contribution is in the 40% range. It is on a path as it achieves growth, and we scaled some of the investments that we're making in infrastructure to be one of our most profitable markets. We don't talk about specific market profitability, but we're very encouraged with the progress we've made on our four-wall profitability. Men's initiative overall is even with the rest of our business. So as we grow Men's, it's just as attractive and as profitable as our basic women's business. So we're very excited about that growth.
Jane Nielsen: So what you'll see, Liz, is in the year that -- and we called it out as a one-time impact, is the impact of our overall acquisitions of the distributors. So the half year impact of Taiwan and the impact of Korea and Malaysia will be a drag to overall operating profit and SG&A in the year. As we move through, we work through the inventory, which is written up, and we work through some of the SG&A and re-assort and get these businesses on growth, they are long-term value creating and growth enhancing.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Brian, let's start with gross margins. So first of all, let's take FY '12. We were very pleased in the fourth quarter. We had 80 basis points of expansion, largely driven by channel mix and our sourcing initiative. As we've guided to, we expect to see continued gross margin expansion next year in the 73% range. That is going to be driven by, again, our continued sourcing initiative as we continue to diversify our manufacturing base. It's going to be driven by favorable channel mix. And a prudent approach, as Mike called out, to promotion in the factories. Those 3 factors together are what are giving us confidence to give you the -- to give the guidance of an improved gross margin next year. Overall in newness, we see Legacy as a powerful collection. And its gross margin will be about consistent with our existing business. So we expect no material effect up or down with Legacy.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So the marketing investments that we're talking about overall will be more front-end loaded. As we talked about we are distorting our marketing early in the year to support Legacy so you will see it, especially in the first quarter. And as we move through the year, we will be investing through the year. In aggregate, our incremental marketing investment we're expecting to be about $0.04 to EPS, a little more than $0.04 to EPS.
