Andre Cohen: Morning. So first, we're really pleased with the sequential improvement we've seen in the outlet channel over the last several quarters. It remains a very productive, important channel for Coach, as you know. For FY 2017, going forward, we're really looking at comps in outlet being sort of either side of flat. And over time, as conditions in the market improve, we're hoping to be able to reduce our promotional stance in that channel. Now, as to your second question, we're expecting comps to basically be positive across all quarters for FY 2017. So...
Andre Cohen: Yes. So web performed really well. It generated about a point of our two points of overall comp growth, both web channels, full price and eOS, performed well. We're seeing, I think as we mentioned earlier, a really much more fashion-engaged consumer engage with the web, particularly when we've got more elevated product, novelty and some of these collaborations like we saw with Mickey. We see that business continuing to grow in line with the balance of Coach going forward, at least in line, I'd say.
Andre Cohen: Yeah, so in terms of department stores, look, they remain a critical part of our brand-building in North America, so it's an important channel for Coach. We do want that channel to treat the brand in a way that's consistent with the way we're doing it now in retail distribution, direct distribution. And so we're basically exiting: one, lower volume doors, so doors that are below a certain threshold of volume and where we're no longer seeing a Coach consumer shopping; and second, it's a channel that's become very promotional over the last few quarters, as you know, and we have decided that we'd no longer support knock-down allowances to the level we did in the past. So that's going to naturally exclude us from a number of events in that channel, and it will help to return the brand to health along all of its touch points, not just our direct operated distribution, so.
Andre Cohen: In terms of 1941, what we're taking to full store distribution in North America is handbags, so we'll have about 20 SKUs of handbags. Actually, it's already happened in the last week that have hit all the doors. Basically, these are bags that go from Dinky at $300 to Rogue at $800 and above, so we're not taking our ready-to-wear to full distribution at this point. It's a key piece of our brand building. 1941's resonated very strongly with all levels of distributions being put in. And we felt it needed to have a consistent expression of the more elevated brand across the entire fleet in the U.S. and Canada.
Andre Cohen: So it varies by tier of distribution. Obviously, in our top-tier, it's probably about a third of the assortment and down to about a quarter in our more entry-level stores. And that's an evolution. We'll get there over the next couple of quarters.
Victor Luis: And, Ike, in terms of your comments on tourists, we have not seen a dramatic shift quarter-to-quarter. In fact, what we have seen is a slight decrease in Chinese, which has been made up by increases in our Japanese and Korean tourists here in the U.S. Overall, global flows have remained pretty consistent to the trends that we have seen in the past: France being negatively impacted, of course, by terrorist attacks; continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau; and now Japan anniversarying, of course, the massive increase last year of PRC tourists. Southeast Asia continues to see tremendous benefits from the PRC tourists.
Victor Luis: Sure. We're seeing both current Coach fans engaging well with 1941, lapsed consumers and especially pleased with what we're seeing online, Erinn, as we're getting a younger consumer that maybe has not engaged with Coach and is much fashion-engaged through coach.com engaging with newness as well. And that's especially true at the beginning of the fashion seasons or during special launches, such as we've just experienced with Mickey. And that is the case, of course, in most of our mature markets. Quite different, of course, in developing markets like Europe where we're starting with 1941 as the true first impression that these consumers have of Coach in an increasing way. In terms of how we see the balance, and we discussed in our prepared remarks the balancing of the assortment between, if you will, the essentials, fashion and 1941, we are increasing the presence of 1941 to the whole network, as I discussed. I think that during gifting periods, as has been the case in the past, you will see us, of course, increase that assortment with lower price points taking a larger share of the mix, which would be our plan for this holiday as well. But overall, I think you're going to see us continue to see how high is high as consumers engage incredibly well with the message that we're putting out there and understand both the quality of what 1941 represents, but also the fashion messaging.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver. First on the product flow, you mentioned eight to 12. We mentioned in our notes going from 12 to eight, and we think, of course, that's what you meant, the 12 to eight flow, which is for...
Victor Luis: Yeah, Oliver, I would hate for anyone to believe that we don't have belief, if you will, in the wholesale channel. We have terrific relationships with all of our partners. This is very much a surgical move that is meant to drive the long-term sustainable health of our brand. And we also want to avoid, as I said in my prepared remarks and as Andre has reiterated, that confusion between channels, so a very important move for us.
Victor Luis: And in terms of a specific target, I would say that we really don't have one. The consumer is going to help us decide that. And it's going to have a very different face seasonally, as I mentioned earlier. During holiday, we'll have, obviously, gifting play a more important role in the assortment. And, therefore, we would expect AURs to be lower. And during seasonal launches, especially at the beginning of each fashion season as we enter increasingly with 1941 into a fashion cycle, you'll see that during periods like March/April, September/October/November, you will have higher AURs play a more important role as the fashion launches play a more important part of our mix.
Victor Luis: In terms of Stuart Weitzman - and I'll let Andre touch on here in North America, specifically 1941. We answered part of that question earlier, Dana. But in terms of Stuart Weitzman, we expect it to grow double digits, which is in line with previous guidance. Of course, it'll be aided by the take-back of the Canada distribution, those 14 direct stores that we touched upon in our prepared remarks. I'm especially excited about everything we're learning about that brand: how it's resonating; the strength of its supply chain; the strength of its international and growing consumer profile; and most importantly, by the wonderful new talent that we're also bringing in that will help this brand over the medium to long term evolve into a broader luxury brand, with a strength, for sure, to come in handbags and accessories as well. In terms of the question on 1941, I'll let Andre just touch on that for you.
Victor Luis: Let me first thank you, Andrea, and thank you, Jane, for all of your contributions. I want to close by just congratulating all of our global teams, both in the Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands, for their hard work and dedication in driving not only the development of our brands, but, of course, our business during what has been a very volatile year in the broader environment. I also want to thank all of you on the phone who've been following us, especially over the last 24 months, and have seen the continued unfolding and realization of our creative and business vision. While there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the global environment and the category in the short term, I remain incredibly optimistic about the long-term opportunities in our categories, not only handbags but increasingly footwear and outerwear in both developed and developing markets, and the prospects that exists for the world's middle classes. Most of all, I have tremendous faith in our teams and our brands, as we define a new vision for luxury that is based on quality, craftsmanship and a modern fashion sensibility that is both approachable, optimistic and inclusive and represents the best of our New York and American values that resonate so well across the world. Thank you, all.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so, Erinn, as you think about 2017, essentially our guidance for the Coach brand is essentially unchanged, except for the impact of North America wholesale. When you think about that, we expect that impact to be about a point to sales growth, most notably in Q1. Obviously, it's a high operating margin channel and will flow through to our operating margin. But the most significant impact will be in Q1.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so you'll see Coach brand gross margin maintain that 69% to 70% range that we guided to two years ago.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, and its profitability gross margin is about in line with the rest of the business, but the operating expenses are obviously advantaged to give it a higher operating income level.
Jane Nielsen: We continue to execute against the operational efficiency plan that we outlined in the last quarter, where we focus on becoming a more nimble, agile, less-layered organization. We've made progress against that goal. You saw it show up in our fourth quarter operating margin, as we leveraged top line sales to expand our operating margin. And that is incorporated into our FY 2017 guidance.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Dana, as you think about Stuart Weitzman, especially in the coming year, we do expect a low double-digit growth rate. There is a fair amount of volatility in both sales and profit as you move through the year, given the high mix of its penetration into wholesale.
