Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, the first word that comes to mind is it's boundless. But to actually try to dimensionalize it, as Mike said, we're experiencing success wherever we're offering a comprehensive assortment of men's, again, across all geographies and all channels, and it's extremely exciting for us. Second, men's spending globally represents about 15% of the global luxury spend. For Coach, with our sales expected as -- men's sales expected at $400 million, that will represent about 8% of our overall sales for this fiscal year. We believe that we can very comfortably get to our rightful share of at least 15% of a larger business over the next few years. So we think $1 billion is well within reach over the next 3 to 5 years, and that's our internal mantra.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, first, gift versus purchased, it varies a lot by market. What we're-- and by channel. At present, I would say it's -- in North America, a slightly greater proportion of men's is for gift than self-purchased, we estimate self-purchase. Among women -- I'm sorry. Gifting for women is about 20% of our sales. I would estimate men's might be 30%. It's obviously a great marketing opportunity for us, and you'll see us just distorting a good portion of our marketing globally, both on the Internet and in traditional media, as well as social networking towards men's to both build awareness and to encourage gifting. And in terms of existing consumers versus new consumers, we are in North America attracting a higher rate of new customers into the franchise through men's than we are women's. But that should be expected, because the women's business is, of course, extremely developed with growth opportunities ahead. But in men's, it's early days. In terms of distribution growth versus same-store sales growth, what I -- I am being cautioned not to provide much detail. What I would say is that we are achieving significant double-digit same-store growth in the men's area.
Lew Frankfort: Firstly, Randy, as I mentioned, the consumer sentiment has really improved over the last 90 days. And actually, 60% of consumers now in North America believe the economy is stable or improving, and that's up from 48% just 3 months ago. In -- it's also evident that consumers are beginning to borrow more and save somewhat less. Savings rates, as you know, are down to about 3.5% from 5%. And year-on-year non-mortgage borrowing is increasing, which says that the consumers are more encouraged than they -- at any point than they have been in the last 6 to 12 months. So we feel, barring any unexpected event, that the consumer sentiment will continue to be positive. Obviously, the recovery is very uneven. While unemployment is still at a terribly high rate of 8.5%, unemployment for college graduates over the age of 25, who is our primary consumer, is only in the mid-4 range. So we are benefiting from our positioning, which is to offer excellent product at accessible and affordable price points, and our very diversified consumer base is responding well. So guardedly optimistic.
Lew Frankfort: Randal, we don't have an aspirational goal. You know us well. We drive to build a lasting franchise and give our shareholders an excellent return. And it's -- and obviously, we're working in all areas to maximize operating income consistent with building a lasting franchise.
Lew Frankfort: Well, thank you, Andrea. Obviously, a lot of good discussions around men's; China; our stabilizing gross margins, which I think is a testimony to the nimbleness of our team; the digital world is really powerful and is now for us an overarching strategy. So we do feel good about where we are, and we feel excited about our prospects.  So have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Michael D. Tucci: Tickets in North America from a comp standpoint was up slightly. And traffic, as we said, was very consistent with prior quarters. Overall traffic was greater when you factor in across all channels. Our store traffic in Factory and Full Price stores sequentially improved from Q1, which was a benefit to us. However, it was still down in Full Price and up in Factory.
Michael D. Tucci: So let me come in on this one. And what we understand is that the concept is prudent. We have enough exposure in the marketplace and enough experience with consumers to know that the concept is a very proven concept and the category is very real. We need a little more time to very tactically break out the opportunity from a distribution standpoint: our digital opportunity with our men's website; our global opportunity in terms of store footprint, both the existing opportunity in large-format flagship stores to add men; the new opportunity to develop men's and women's dual-gender stores; and how we can provide a men's presence in all stores where we trade that are currently women's stores is something we need to sort out. So we need to really work through the entire fleet in Full Price in North America alone. That's 350 stores. We're doing that work today, and we have traction in each of the formats, which gives us a path for growth. On the product side, what's interesting is that as we expand this category, it's not all about bags. Bag is still the anchor, but we're seeing very strong response to Accessory, to lifestyle category, to emerging categories like by footwear, outerwear, small travel pieces. So we believe that this concept hangs very well on its own and drive very strong productivity metrics comparable to our women's business in terms of ticket size and from a margin structure very comparable as well.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. Our overall handbag performance was actually very strong. Comps were positive. We saw growth there. Our mix in handbag, average unit retail was about flat for the quarter, and that was very intentional around our gifting strategy and a mix strategy where some of our core price points at $298 and $198 were extremely successful. The handbag performance at over $400 is actually down from prior year, although our outlook going forward would suggest that, that is still a growth opportunity for us.
Victor Luis: Sure. When we look at -- Lew had mentioned in his remarks that the men's opportunity globally is approximately 15% of the global premium handbag and accessories market, which is at about $28 billion. The Asia opportunity today is about 25% of a $12 billion market. Of that, Japan is approximately $4.4 billion; China at $3.2 billion, including Hong Kong, Macau, including duty-free; and then the rest in -- the rest of Asia. Japan, the men's penetration is at about 25%, and we're still very much in a rollout stage. Today, we have 14 dedicated men's locations, 7 in Full Price, 7 in Factory. As many of you know, most of our distribution in Japan is within department stores where we are on the women's handbag floor, and there, the opportunity will be to increase distribution with the men's floors, which we are now commencing. And initial results have been quite promising. China is really a massive opportunity for us. When we look at mainland China, for many of our competitor brands, men's represent 50% or more of their sales. And there, of our 65 mainland China locations today, 28 of them are dual-gender locations where we have, basically, stand-alone men's presences. Of the 30 locations we are opening this fiscal year, practically all of them will be dual-gender locations. So we're starting with -- very early stages, as basically a global men's and women's brand. And we are seeing truly terrific results with very early stages, 25% to 30% penetration for men's in these locations at a point where we really still don't have an awareness as a men's brand. As many of you know, in the past, we've discussed our brand awareness, our unaided brand awareness at 16%, up from 8% last year, and we're really just starting in the men's space. So to achieve these penetrations this early is truly exciting and bodes well for the future. And in the rest of Asia, we're still at our very early stages. We have, of course, as Lew announced, just taken back our Singapore business and Taiwan only a few weeks ago. And there, we are commencing the men's rollout as well, and that -- and expect to see similar penetrations to what we're seeing in China in the medium term, in the next 2 to 3 years.
Victor Luis: Sure. First, maybe we can talk a little bit about the distribution. We are, as Lew mentioned in his opening remarks today, 80 doors, with the vast majority of those, 65, on the mainland. When we look at the opportunity, it is truly boundless. And, Barbara, you know well the socio-demographic socio-economics of the market, 1.3 billion population, of which 50% is urban and continuing to urbanize, already 120 cities with a population of 1 million or more. We are today only in 28 of those cities. And with our broad collection from a style perspective as well as our broad price points, we're able to much more easily than traditional luxury brands, of course, to go into the second- and third-tier cities, where we're seeing success. Of course, we are also seeing a rapidly growing middle class, and we're not seeing many limitations from a distribution perspective. When we start looking at Coach's strategy towards a multichannel -- towards multichannel rollout, China really fits nicely. We have approximately 600 department store doors today in China, of which already over 110, 120 are doing incredibly well in the imported luxury cosmetics space, which serves as a barometer for us. Malls are continuing to develop nicely, both in the Full Price as well now an increasing rollout of Factory outlet malls, of course, which we know well. Looking at the rollout for this year, as we've announced, 30 doors, and we see us continuing at that pace for the foreseeable future. I think the second question was on products, and there, we really don't see a tremendous difference globally, quite frankly, in terms of our collection. Madison, Poppy, Kristin are truly global collections for us. The difference and what truly differentiates Coach from many of our competitors is that we have a group of very talented merchants in each of our markets. We're supported by a truly -- a superb consumer insight team. We're constantly listening to our consumers, and that allow us to tweak our collections, whether it be from color, size, shape, style, and, therefore, maximize the opportunity in each of our markets. But the difference, as I touched to earlier, of course, in China is really the men's opportunity, and we're starting out from the beginning in these very early stages as a dual-gender brand. Whereas we have been 3, 4 years earlier opening 1,000- to 1,500-square-feet locations that were basically women's only locations. Today, we're targeting 2,000- to 2,500-square-feet on average. Locations with a men's and women's entrance in most cases and getting truly terrific results in seeing our products resonate, even though we still have very low awareness levels at these early days. Touching on duty-free, and specifically, we're looking at, I would say, 2 parts of the travel Retail piece. Of course, for China, the big opportunity is, outside of China, approximately half of Chinese luxury sales occur outside of China. We're very active in this, developing our distribution in Asia, and we're seeing tremendous benefits from that, of course, within China itself, in Hong Kong and Macau, and beginning to see some of that in other markets as well. Within China domestically at the airports, there will be opportunities, both in the duty-paid as well as in the duty-free spaces as airport authorities begin to put the infrastructure in place. It's something we're investigating. We haven't made a move in that space at the moment, because there's so much opportunity in the urban areas themselves that we're going after, but it is something that we're paying attention to.
Victor Luis: We, today, are in 9 malls, including Hong Kong and Macau, 7 in mainland China. Only a few months ago, I attended a conference with global Factory outlet developers in the city of Suzhou, where there were talk of 100 or so outlets being developed in the next 5 to 10 years. So we expect the channel to develop rather quickly and to be a substantial opportunity.
Jane Nielsen: And I think as we look at the components of operating leverage, I think that the net -- long-term positives that we have are: our growing international business driving overall operating margin as it continues to grow and achieve scale, our men's business as it grows internationally, achieves scale, will also be a positive operating driver and will continue to drive productivity initiatives and efficiency initiatives that we've delivered over time to keep our high operating profit and to continue to invest in growth. As we say -- as you know, as we've talked before, as we take over markets like Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, there is -- we -- there is the initial few quarters as we purchase the inventory at wholesale rates and we cadence our flow of merchandising and take over the store operations. Over time, those become very good businesses for us. But we have the first few quarters of transition before their operating margin stabilizes and becomes a net benefit for us.
Jane Nielsen: And in the next quarter or 2, as is our practice, we'll come back and talk to you about our next year's outlook on gross margins.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, I think that what you've seen in our Q2 repurchase activity, we remain committed to 2 things. One is investing in our business to continue to drive long-term growth and return, and the second is we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. We're doing that through a combination of dividends, which you've seen increase over time since our initiation, and through stock repurchases. And I don't anticipate that our building would stop that in any meaningful way.
