Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh discuss the Coach factors in a moment. But in terms of the overall category, Erinn, of course, a lot to be excited about over the past year. Much of that growth, as we've referenced, pretty consistently over the last 3 to 4 quarters, has been driven by just a few limited European luxury brands, those that are the most highly branded where there's been a lot of excitement and innovation most recently and, of course, remains for us a key opportunity given our history there. Globally, in dollars, of course, as I mentioned during the call, low double digits, high single digits on an organic perspective. Of course, very unpredictable as we look ahead. Given the torrid pace with a few brands this past year, we don't see that as being sustainable. But all points to, I would say, a pretty good picture for the handbag and accessories category and most importantly, for consumers' attraction to brands and, of course, our own very strong feelings in continuing to invest in our brand portfolio. Josh?  A - Kevin Wills In terms of how we're feeling about '19, when you look at the performance in '18, North America outperformed. And as we go into '19, we see many of the same economic factors that Victor referenced in his opening remarks continuing in North America. We're also making a very significant investment in China marketing this year. So that is going to be a very big focus for us. I mentioned earlier about the fashion show that we're bringing to Shanghai. So there's going to be an unprecedented amount of attention and investments on China, which we think will drive the Chinese business as well as our global-traveling Chinese consumer. 
Victor Luis: Yes. And specifically to your question, Erinn, on discrepancy, I would just add that obviously, the 2 or 3 brands that are driving outsized growth are really unique within the space. And of course, for ourselves, within our own journey to replatform, if you will, and to transform the brand, we're in the very early stages of our own Signature growth and Josh can speak to that. But as you know, we've only relaunched Signature ourselves in March, April of this year. So very, very early innings for us. 
Victor Luis: Sure. I think, in essence, Oliver, it comes down to maintaining brand relevance and us behaving in the most innovative ways possible to be relevant to younger consumers, whether, of course, that'd be through product, everything that we're doing digitally through marketing, everything that we could do, of course, through other forms of marketing and ensuring that our store experiences, whether they'd be on the digital or brick-and-mortar stores stay relevant as well. I think it's job description for our teams to continue to innovate. And obviously, in the case of Coach, you've heard Josh reference a lot of the work there. In the case of Kate Spade, very excited about that launch happening in September under Nicola's new creative direction and for you to see that live. And I know that Eraldo and Edmundo are very, very active in writing the next chapter of Stuart Weitzman as well. 
