Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. A couple of points I will cover there in your question. First is around our confidence. I will also touch on what we see in the backdrop and then how we see our digital business evolving. But starting with confidence, we have increasing confidence in our Tapestry platform. We see it as a competitive advantage. We are also gaining confidence in the power of our brands and the potential that we see in the acceleration program, including the execution from our talented teams around the globe. Our year-to-date results have definitely increased our confidence in the strategy despite the volatile backdrop, our teams continue to deliver, and we are building a foundation for sustainable long-term growth. We are getting closer to the consumer, remaining into digital and leveraging data in better ways, and we have a streamlined operating model. But we are also seeing the backdrop improve. We are seeing encouraging signs of recovery, we have seen vaccination efforts progressing, resulting in increasing consumer confidence, strong demand for our categories and improving in-store traffic trends. And I think to your question that begs the question of what do we see in digital with those increasing trends? And our approach to our digital business is really being laser-focused on meeting the consumers where they want to shop. We are focused on the omnichannel experiences with digital and stores contributing to our success, and that is an important qualifier. Digital, we see as an and, not an or. We are acquiring new younger customers through these channels. And we are seeing the ongoing strength of our digital business, even as stores begin to reopen and traffic begins to build back to historic levels. We have seen another quarter of triple-digit growth, while also driving sequential improvement in store trends. So we are encouraged by that performance as we see traffic starting to come back - I should say, starting to come back. But let me talk with Todd, he can give you a little bit of color on what we are seeing specifically at Coach.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ike. We do see the digital business being accretive to our operating margins currently. Our digital business is quite profitable. It is structurally more profitable than their respective bricks-and-mortar channels. And it is really a function of the fact that we have structurally higher AURs, high margins and relatively low returns in that channel. So we consistently deliver higher margins through our digital performance. And I think it is also important to mention that for, as Todd said, recruiting new customers and engaging new customers through our digital channels. So that makes the channel accretive as well. And in terms of where we see the penetration going, ultimately, the customer will decide. We are very focused on meeting the customer where they are. And I think we have been innovating quite well in terms of our ability to engage consumers, both digitally and on social channels with real innovations on TikTok, as an example, capturing customers where they are today. And we are committed to staying close to the customer and seeing how that unfolds. Having said that, our brick-and-mortar business, also, we are really pleased to see the operating margins of our brick-and-mortar business this quarter achieve pre-pandemic levels - exceed pre-pandemic levels this quarter. So that also bodes well for our business, really driven by the gross margin gains that we have seen. And we expect that as traffic builds back, those numbers will also improve. So we see digital as accretive where it lands in terms of penetration. Ultimately, the customer will decide and we are focused on driving improved profitability in our brick-and-mortar channel as well.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks, Erinn. The work that we are doing to stay closer to our consumer and the work in data and analytics is really helping us unlock, not only the recruitment, which we are seeing across brands, but also the reengagement of lapsed consumers. And while we are seeing that across all of our brands, we have an important focus, particularly in Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, to ensure we reengage as we clarify the positioning of those acquired brands to reengage that last customer is critically important. And it shows that we are making traction speaking to our core customer. And we have been really pleased with the work that is happening there and the traction we are seeing. But also, as we get better at recruiting and better leverage data and implementing some of the tools and technologies and marketing, it really is about taking our customer database and driving more active consumers, recruiting more, retaining more, bringing them back with higher frequency, which you heard us talk about, we are very focused on driving that activity, increasing retention and ultimately increasing lifetime value.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Thanks, Todd, and I appreciate the question, Oliver. We are very focused on sustainability as part of the fabric of our company. We call our sustainability program our social fabric. And it really incorporates three pillars around our people, our communities and our planet. And some of the metrics that we are driving and focused on, under our people, we are very focused on representation across the organization and in leadership, and fostering an inclusive environment, one that is equitable, inclusive and diverse. We have goals internally focused on those actions. And also, around our communities, we are working to drive meaningful positive change in our communities through our empowerment programs, through financial donations and product donations and also volunteering and increasing the impact that we can have around the world and the communities where we live and work. And then finally, on our planet, we are focused on reducing our impact on the environment. Todd mentioned some initiatives within the brands. But across our supply chain, we are focused on reducing our carbon footprint, increasing traceability, there is some interesting work that the team is doing around traceability, and increasing our use of environmentally preferred materials. So we are making progress, we are incredibly focused on it, and fundamentally important part of our company.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me kick this off and then pass it to Todd, who can give more color on the Coach brand. But across our brands, we have made progress in AUR. And it is really a function of our acceleration program and how effective we are in getting closer to our consumer and delivering product that resonates with them. And also, some of the work that we are doing foundationally, the better leverage data in our decision-making. So our streamlined assortments, our improvements in inventory turns, our ability to allocate those assortments where they’ll be most productive, those are all contributing to our AUR growth. But we do see opportunities across all of our brands, and we are encouraged by the AUR growth that we posted at Kate Spade this past quarter as well, both at retail and at outlet, showing that the product that we are delivering is resonating with our consumers. But I will pass it to Todd to talk about the Coach progress as well.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Mark, I will just add to Kate Spade. We still have tremendous confidence in the long-term potential of the Kate Spade brand. And you asked about the product changes. I think Liz and team are doing a fantastic job. And the creative team is really energized by this new way of working. They are focused on the Kate Spade consumer, they are driving innovation, increased collaboration across [indiscernible], product development and marketing and it really builds on the story telling heritage of the brand. So we are excited to see that continue to develop, both in Q4 and beyond and continue to have confidence in the long-term potential of Kate Spade.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me start and pass it to Andrea on some of those details. But I would say that the work we have done under our acceleration program gives us more confidence in maintaining and sustaining our gross margin performance, getting closer to the consumer and leveraging data in new ways and driving healthy growth. Everything that we have done from staying close to consumer and acquiring new customers, to leveraging data on our SKU count, as I mentioned earlier, and managing our assortments and driving inventory turn as well as better leveraging data and new marketing tools to reach our customers in new ways is allowing us to drive healthy growth for all of our brands. And I would say that is a focus. But I will pass it to Andrea to go through some of the puts and takes.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. So just a quick comment on gross margins and the environment. We have developed new levers and a new way of working, staying closer to our consumer to help us maintain these margins. We are getting smarter about how we approach our assortments. I have mentioned a few things on the call already. But at the end of the day, there is more in our control than what is out of our control. And we see increasing confidence. We have increasing confidence in our ability to manage and control our own fate as it relates to managing our margins, managing our AURs and managing our business. So we, as Andrea mentioned, believe these margins are sustainable given the confidence we are building and our execution behind the levers of our acceleration program. And then as it relates to customer metrics, that is where our focus is. We are increasingly recruiting new customers. These customers are increasingly younger. And we have maintained a very robust database of customers over many years. So we know that these are customers are new to the brands. And again, the fact that they are increasingly younger really bodes well for the long-term health of our brand. And to your point, we are focused on driving lifetime value of these customers. We are seeing these customers repeat at higher frequency. And again, that is a result of the work we have been doing through our acceleration program, leveraging data, new marketing tools, staying close to our consumers, building relevant product and marketing stories. Some of the focus in our assortments also helps, telling better, stronger stories for our consumers. So we have increasing confidence in our ability to continue to drive, not only our business forward as is margins, but also continue to drive lifetime value for our customers over time.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Our standout results for the third quarter reinforced the deliberate actions we are taking under our acceleration program and the strength of our global teams. We are demonstrating meaningful progress and have a clear strategy and a differentiated platform, and we are emerging from the pandemic stronger and increasingly confident that the foundational changes underway are focused on the consumer use of data and analytics and optimized structure and ways of working can support stronger connections with our customers and sustainable growth for Tapestry and our brands. Again, I would like to thank our teams around the world for their contributions in delivering our strong third quarter results and all of you for your continued interest in our story. Thank you, and have a great day.
Todd Kahn: As Joanne mentioned, we have been seeing significant runway to realize our continued growth while our brick-and-mortar productivity is improving. Specifically in the U.S., we continue to see incredibly strong demand online, even as we see restrictions and improving brick-and-mortar traffic. This is supported by the fact that our new customer recruitment has fueled our strong digital growth. In fact, as Joanne mentioned, in the quarter, we added another 400,000 new customers from our e-commerce platforms, bringing the year-to-date number of new customers from these channels to two million in North America. And what is really encouraging, of these two million, approximately half are Gen Z and millennial. And then when I return to brick-and-mortar, if I take Texas as an example, we experienced a significant acceleration in our store sales trends, while, at the same time, we see the restrictions being lifted. And while those restrictions are being lifted, our digital traffic and demand trends remain strong. So this bodes really well for our future as we see a return to traffic in North America brick-and-mortar.
Todd Kahn: And I just can add for the Coach brand, one of the tools that we are so pleased with is our launch of the Coach Insider program, a loyalty program. And what we are seeing is that members of the program, their frequency is 25% higher than nonmembers. So that really bodes well as the tool, as Joanne says, to get closer to the customer, understand what customer needs are and provide them with reasons to keep coming back to the brand.
Todd Kahn: Thank you. Yes, we are very focused on the AUR, and we are pleased with the progress we have made in this quarter and the progress we have shown all year. In the third quarter, our handbag AUR rose approximately 25%, both globally and in North America. And as Joanne indicated, so much of this is deliberate actions that we have taken about how we are looking at things differently. First, it starts with incredibly strong innovative product led by Stuart Dever’s creative direction. We then couple that with using data to inform our decision-making and really, really put the consumer at the center. And the SKU reduction is helping driving AUR. And let me give you a quick example. If you take Tabby, which right now is our #1 family in our retail fleet, Tabby originally launched in July of 2019. Entire years, what would have happened by the time we got to February of 2021, we would have been bored with it and tired and moved on. Instead, we recognize what an iconic family we have, and we relaunched it with Pillow Tabby, bringing the entire Tabby family back to the number one position in our fleet. So this elongation and - of the life cycle of an iconic family helps us raise our AURs, helps us reduce our SKU counts and helps create greater gross margin and profitability. And I think you are going to see us do that over and over again.
