Mike Devine: Thank you Lew. Good morning everyone. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased about 1% with direct consumer, which represents about 85% of our business, up 10% and indirect down 33% primarily due to lower shipments to U.S. department stores. Net income during the quarter totaled $141 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.44. This compares to net income of $146 million and earnings per diluted share also of $0.44 in the prior year’s first quarter. Our operating income totaled $223 million below the $233 million last year while operating margin was 29.3% versus 31% even. We are pleased with these results and our continued high levels of profitability. During the quarter gross profit totaled $550 million versus $558 million a year ago. Our gross margin rate was 72.3% versus 74.2% a year ago. The year-over-year change in rate was a function of promotional activity in factory stores and channel mix with the [store opening] benefits offsetting the impact of sharper pricing. We are particularly pleased with our expense ratio in Q1 as SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 42.9% compared to 43.1% reported in the year-ago quarter a 20 basis point improvement. As a result of the profitability initiatives put into place over the last few quarters we believe our expense spending strikes the right balance between driving for future growth opportunities and operating our core businesses efficiently. Inventory levels at quarter end were $338 million, 16% below the $402 million reported at the end of last year’s Q1 and essentially even on a two-year basis. This inventory level allows us to support 35 net new North America stores, four net new locations at Coach Japan from the year-ago period as well as our 33 Coach China stores. Cash and short-term investments stood at $995 million as compared with $410 million a year ago. During the first quarter we did not repurchase any shares. Thus, $710 million still remains available under the current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter were $241 million compared to $76 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $221 million versus $10 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending of $20 million versus $58 million in the same quarter a year ago. It is important to note that based on our current plans for FY10 we expect CapEx will be in the area of about $110 million. As I have already said, we are very happy to report first quarter earnings per share equal with prior year on essentially even sales showing sequential improvement compared to recent quarters. In spite of the continued difficult economic backdrop, our goal for the balance of FY10 is to achieve continued, gradual quarterly improvement versus our FY09 earnings per share results. Coming out of Q1 we believe we are well positioned to achieve this goal. I believe it would be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when looking at the balance of the year. First, our gross margin is likely to stay in the 72% area over the next few quarters versus our previously stated range of 70-72%. Second, while we were able to leverage our expense base in Q1, we would note that similar improvements will become more challenging to achieve as we ramp investments for the RK brand in China and anniversary saving initiatives over the balance of the year. Finally, our tax rate is likely to remain in the area of 37% for the year as we noted on our July call. Before we open it up for Q&A I wanted to reiterate Lew’s earlier comments. Our first quarter results demonstrate Coach’s strength, our resiliency and the flexibility and balance our diversified operating model provides in challenging times such as these. Thank you all for joining us all on our conference call today. Now Lew, Mike Tucci, Andrea and I will be happy to take questions. As Andrea mentioned this will be followed by a brief comment by Lew. :
Mike Devine: Let me just build on that or provide another fact. Because of the great sourcing work that our supply chain team has done our average unit cost is actually down about 8% over where it was a year ago so as a result on a unit basis which we think obviously is more important than raw dollars our inventories are down only 8% and above where they were two years ago at the same time. We feel like we are in very good position with our inventories.
Mike Devine: I will take the question in terms of share repurchase. You know the markets obviously were very volatile during our September quarter. You have seen that we have been big buyers of our stock over the last three years. We spent $2.7 billion in 2007 through 2009 retiring more than 65 million shares. We still have $710 million available to us. So that is still a lever we have available to us as a method of returning cash to our shareholders.
Mike Devine: In terms of your question about SG&A I am going to answer it in another way. What I would say is that we are planning SG&A spending that will be a couple of points above where our top line growth would come. So in spite of the leverage we achieved in Q1 with the modest de-leverage in the back three quarters of the year and for the year in total.
Mike Devine: We feel good about the 72% range for the foreseeable future. There are obviously many variables and we don’t have a crystal ball to predict with perfect clarity. The big levers are going to be the required level of promotional activity in our factory channel and then channel mix. We feel very good that we know what we are going to deliver the product at in terms of the cost and the sourcing initiative has really been very powerful for us. We know they are strong enough to offset the sharper prices for the Poppy collections and others as we rebalance our assortment. In the factory channel really what is going to make the determination as to how much upside there will be will be the level of promotion required to continue to drive traffic and deliver the productivity and enormous operating margins that channel delivers when we deliver top line dollars. Now we have very good vision through FY10 on our cost base. We are also benefiting from the macro economic backdrop in this regard that our raw materials and input costs are at lower levels than we have achieved over time. As the economy turns there will be some inflationary pressures in FY11 so that will cause us to need to continue to be sharp in our products, planning, design and production and sourcing to look to offset those which we feel we have a capability to do.
Mike Devine: On the factory side it is important to note that in Q1 and actually as we look forward through the balance of this year we restored our mix in factory back to a more traditional level of made for factory product in a range of around 75%. It has been lower than that in the back half of last year based on the amount of clearance activity that we had in the channel. That bodes well for us as we have more pricing flexibility there. We have more promotional flexibility and frankly our margin returns there on made for factory products have been excellent which allows us to mix the business differently. We really have seen no movement in average unit retail in factory from our historical levels and we have no plans to really change the model on the factory side. We think the balance between full price at about $300 in factory and probably half that is the right balance. It is the right relationship. If you travel into our factory stores today you will notice that from a look and feel standpoint while it is clearly a Coach store there is no aesthetic overlap between the two businesses. We have clean platforms in full price which are really driven by Madison and Poppy on both ends of the fashion spectrum and then we have a real foundational business on the factory side with Hansons and Soho as the anchors to that business. Over time we have been able to realize some cost savings. I think Mike has outlined what we have been focused on there in terms of raw material benefits, hardware benefits, make and trim opportunities on the factory side all with the intention to maintain very strong margins in the factory business and also allow us to be aggressive there because it is our promotional channel in the business model.
Mike Devine: That is a very good question and the answer to your question is yes. We do assume that we will carry through the balance of the fiscal year a full price factory mix about in line with what we just achieved in Q1. As Lew just talked about, the full price business strengthening in Japan. Mike Tucci talked about it strengthening here in North America. Channel mix was not nearly the detractor of Q1 FY10 as it has been in recent quarters as we have seen an inflection point in that business as getting healthier. Channel mix will not be a detriment going forward that it has been in prior quarters.
Mike Devine: I will take the questions on average cost and the bonuses. We are in very good shape and have contracts with most of our raw material suppliers and our factories through the balance of fiscal year introduction. So we feel like we have great vision to what our costs will be and so we would anticipate delivering similar year-over-year average unit cost favorability. Now we began to capture some of those improvements during the back half of the year so the 8% will gradually decline but we won’t see average unit cost increasing. We look forward to delivering that in the 72% guidance that I have talked about and given. FY11, we haven’t by long shot given up on holding our average unit cost content. I will just point out there is likely to be some inflationary pressures we are going to look to offset them. Secondly, in terms of the bonuses, we did accrue bonuses both this year and last year in Q1. So there was not a challenging compare there if you will in this most recent quarter. That changes on a year-ago basis. Our plans are at this moment in time to deliver bonuses in FY10 so therefore to accrue for them year ago this year as a compare again it is a situation in 2009 where that was not the case so it challenges the leverage.
Lew Frankfort: Good questions. First, consistent with what Mike Devine said earlier in reference to our gradual improvement in earnings per share over the prior year for the rest of FY10 we also anticipate modeled increases in sales as we move forward in FY10 from quarter-to-quarter. We are planning conservatively. We have the ability to as you well know to chase inventory and we don’t think it is going to impede sales at all. We have actually a more focused product assortment this year than we did last year; I think our SKU offering is actually down about 15% so inventory is very healthy.
Lew Frankfort: As to the October results, as we mentioned we have seen a continuation of the strengthening trends that we experienced in Q1 with the consumer responding well to our innovation such as the relaunch of Madison and Poppy.
Lew Frankfort: As I said in the prepared remarks and you picked up on, the compares for the balance of the year will get more challenging. We really thought very differently about our spending in Q1 last year before the holiday sales did not materialize. As we all know, we had challenging top line back three quarters of the year and we took a dramatically different approach to spending Q2 through Q4 of last year so anniversarying those activities will be again more challenging. As an example we took a number of compensation actions, most notably we stopped accruing bonuses in Q2 through the balance of the year and then as we all know we actually had a headcount reduction in Q3. None of those activities were we required to anniversary in Q1. That being said, I am feeling very good about the underlying good news the first quarter represents. Our two primary direct businesses both here in North America and Japan both provided leverage not only to their own P&L but to the corporate P&L as well as we were able to manage our variable expenses in both of those important markets very nimbly, applying labor at just the right levels to maximize conversion and also now as sales move up our percentage of rent in many of our locations will not kick in until we get to higher sales levels. So we are feeling very good. I would project those two large businesses will continue to be able to provide leverage through the balance of the year at low negative comp as we reported in Q1. So we are feeling very good about where we are in SG&A in the main.
Lew Frankfort: In regard to our CRM initiatives, a good portion of them have been focused in recent months on our factory channel which as you know we are able to use promotional leverage to help pull people into our factory stores. They have worked very well because the factory consumer wants to buy a brand, Coach, however at an excellent value. What we have found with regard to our product, our product has been extremely important both in factory and especially in full price. Our consumers have embraced our new offerings. I think it is a function of great products at especially compelling prices. So a cautious consumer feels really wonderful when they actually pick up the bags and see for instance in the case of Poppy a price point for a full size bag at $198. Now with regard to our consumer preferences whether it is for OP art or patent leather what we have found is a high level of interest in novelty. Consumers are looking for cheery products. They are looking for bright products to help complement their wardrobe. We have seen a real increase in our sell through of novelty and we are well positioned for the holiday season in that arena.
Lew Frankfort: We are just at the tip of the iceberg. The opportunity is extremely large. There are over 125 cities in China with a population more than one million people. I visited just a few weeks ago with my colleagues a number of cities in China, secondary cities, as they are modern, the infrastructure is extremely strong and the emerging professional middle class is embracing imported accessories. Needless to say that Coach is high on her list. It is early days and it is too early to say how large the market can be. We do believe that we have an opportunity for the market to be larger than Japan is today within the next 5-6 years. We are not planning that way but we are ready for the opportunity. You can expect we will see ramping up in the years ahead the number of stores that we are opening from the 15 this year.
Lew Frankfort: Very good question. We actually see her as primarily a fashion driven consumer. She likes the same styles and the same shape in the main as consumers both in Japan and in the United States. We are finding very little differentiation in what she is purchasing from us. The only thing I will add is she is [departing] with a bag so she makes her first imported purchase she wants it to be something that can be seen by others and to contain her essentials. We are finding our accessory penetration lower to date but that we expect is because it is a developing market.
Lew Frankfort: Well first to your second question, $250 million is extremely conservative. We are not yet prepared to provide numbers. We are just starting our time and our resources in China to really understand how large this could be. We are running well ahead of where we thought we would be and are finding great reception with Chinese consumers, particularly with repeat purchasing which is key to developing a sustained brand. With regard to Japan it is Poppy actually created an inflection point in Japan. We had an integrated, comprehensive launch in late June throughout Japan. We even created a few free standing, temporary locations for Poppy in prime locations such as [inaudible] and Poppy has been enormously important to us. In addition, we actually benefited from a year-over-year improvement in our men’s business which has become a much more important focus for us in Japan. That contributed to the gains as well. More generally, we do believe that the very challenging economy in Japan is forcing consumers to make very tough choices in terms of where they will spend their accessory dollars. Fortunately they are spending a disproportionate amount or a growing amount on Coach.
Lew Frankfort: Obviously as you can hear from our prepared remarks and our questions we feel that we did have an inflection point with the arrival of Poppy and the rebalancing of our assortment to a much more compelling price point. We feel very good about our position in the holiday season ahead and more broadly we feel that the expectations where we are taking to adjust to a consumer who is spending less than she did for the long-term, that is for the foreseeable future, we do not expect the consumer to spend as much as she did in discretionary areas. So our adaptations we think are positioning us well and we are looking forward to restored growth and we think that is available to us. Thank you very much.
Mike Tucci: I will take the gross margin question first. For the quarter where we were down year-over-year by about 190 basis points which by the way was a significant closing of the gap. In Q4 I think we were about 550 basis points below the year earlier quarter so we are pleased with where gross margin is landing north of the 72% range we had given. Of that 190 basis points the vast majority of it is increased factory promotions. We had not started our deepest discounting during Q1 of last year. We really took it to its greatest levels during the December quarter and then perpetuated it through the balance of the year and we have carried it into FY10 so we still are seeing negative compares in this quarter from factory discounting. The good news is that we anticipate anniversarying that for Q2 through Q4 for the balance of the year and therefore actually delivering some of the sourcing costs upside as gross margin rate improvement in the factory channel. Our full price we would expect sharp pricing again to be offset by sourcing and that is why we are feeling good about guiding to a 72% range for year-ago which of course represents year-over-year improvement for the back three quarters of the year.
Mike Tucci: I will speak to the handbag average retail unit performance and to give you a basis or a foundation our average unit retail on handbags for Q1 was $290 this year, down about 14% from the prior year and right where we targeted it from a performance standpoint. Our expectations as we move into Q2 will be to hold average unit retail in handbags at roughly those levels and to continue to focus on increasing the number of handbag units sold at an average store rate which we did achieve in Q1. To take our productivity improvement through increased penetration of handbags, all of those drivers and metrics are the foundation of our plan for Q2 and beyond. We see that playing out with the assortment that we have put into the stores thus far.
Mike Tucci: I will take care of the Poppy and the marketing piece. On the Poppy side, my feel on Poppy is that it actually is selling very broadly across our consumer base. We see that through all channels. We do believe it has driven some energy into the stores with the fashion consumer but it is selling broadly. On the marketing side, very important for holiday to understand we are actually spending about the same amount in marketing. However, we have reshaped our marketing expense dramatically away from traditional print emphasis and away from packaging to fun concepts and programs similar to what we did for the Poppy launch. So it is [DWT] to support our gifting programs. Significant investment in online advertising including some association with fashion blogs, our continued relationship with other social networking sites that are out there, a very targeted approach to in-store marketing both in mall and in our windows and in-store which we got feedback very quickly with the launch of Poppy it was highly effective in bringing people into the store and getting a strong message out there. All of this will break into market mid-quarter. It is really a different type of quarter in Q2 where everything is shaped to the end leading to December 26th obviously and so we are going to target our marketing this quarter, November 15th and drive the marketing spend November 15th right through the Christmas selling period and I think you will see a very dominant, very mixed in terms of platforms with a high level of energy in our stores from a marketing standpoint.
