Victor Luis: Thanks, Andre. Most generally and similar to North America, we're distorting our focus in developed markets towards maximizing productivity. We're taking a portfolio approach to our store base, investing in our best locations where we we'll see the biggest return and culling where appropriate. In developing markets, we're continuing to open stores, taking advantage of real estate opportunities. And in all markets, we are increasing marketing and investing in the Modern Luxury store experience, using elements such as the craftsmanship bars we discussed to underscore our heritage and history of authenticity. In Greater China, second quarter sales rose 5% in constant currency, in line with our annual target, with double-digit growth on the mainland and with positive comps offsetting weak results in Hong Kong and Macau. Hong Kong and Macau continue to be impacted by the dramatic slowdown in inbound tourist traffic, notably from the mainland. At this juncture, with very limited visibility to an evolving macroeconomic environment, we are only updating our previous guidance of $625 million to reflect the renminbi devaluation since our last earnings call, resulting in an updated annual forecast of about $610 million Importantly, despite short-term volatility, we remain optimistic on the prospects for this market over the long term, as the drivers we have consistently mentioned are more relevant than ever. It's important to note that we still see the Chinese tourist as an increasingly large part of our business globally and have experienced the strengthening in Chinese tourist spending, notably in Japan and Europe. We are staffing into this trend, increasing the number of Mandarin-speaking store associates in these geographies. To that end and as expected, Japan sales were up 2% on a constant currency basis, despite a decrease in square footage, benefiting from increased tourist flows from Mainland Chinese. On the dollar basis, sales declined 3%, reflecting the weaker yen. While Japan is a mature market, where we are distorting investment to our high-profile Tokyo stores and flagships while optimizing our fleet, we are continually assessing and leveraging the opportunity with tourists. In addition, the response to our new Modern Luxury stores from Japanese consumers and tourists alike has been quite positive, seen most notably in conversion in these locations. In Europe, our brand is continuing to grow rapidly through new directly-operated stores, wholesale locations and comps. Specifically in the second quarter, our business grew at a double-digit pace on a total and comparable store sales basis, despite the negative impact resulting from the tragic attacks in Paris. Importantly, during the quarter, we opened our Paris flagship on Rue Saint-Honoré, a significant milestone in our brand development and evolution in Europe, raising awareness with domestic consumers as well as tourists. We will continue to look for other flagship opportunities, with a focus on major European cities. Overall, we continue to believe that FY 2016 will be another year of very strong growth, with sales growing to about $125 million. Overall planning horizon, our goal is to achieve over $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessories market. In our other directly-operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales were up modestly in local currency and declined in dollars. Here, too, we have focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Finally, I would like to point out that we have seen disparate results in our international wholesale businesses, which, while small, are important to growing brand awareness. In the second quarter, we again saw strong growth in those distributor-operated locations focused on the domestic consumer, while travel retail has continued to be soft due to volatility of tourist flows globally, notably in Hong Kong and Macau. On a net sales basis, revenue grew significantly in the quarter, driven by shipment timing to ensure appropriate inventory positions for Chinese New Year. Generally, we are very pleased with the execution of our brand transformation as we continue to position the Coach brand for long-term success while effectively supporting the growth and development of the Stuart Weitzman brand and navigating the volatile global economic trends and currency fluctuations in the intermediate term. Now, I will turn it over to Jane for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2016.
Victor Luis: Sure. In terms of the category, Bob, there's no doubt in our mind that the secular shift from apparel to accessories definitely continues, and that there isn't a better space to be in, in the fashion space than handbags and accessories. In the short-term, however, there is some volatility driven by macro issues and, of course, the extreme exchange rate volatility that we have seen, which is impacting tourists. At the same time, we strongly believe that the consumers are looking for innovation. They're looking for quality, value and, most of all, they're looking for authenticity. And we don't believe there is a brand better positioned to take advantage of that than us. Given our authenticity of heritage and craftsmanship that's very much our DNA, when blended with Stuart's creative vision and the terrific reviews that we continue to get towards our product, our stores and our marketing, we're incredibly excited by the results that we're driving, by the differentiated positioning that we're driving and are very much seeing those results continue to your second question, as we enter the third quarter. We're very much seeing similar trends with guidance contemplating a return to North America comps going positive in the fourth quarter, per Jane's comments.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Ike. It's really both. We're seeing new customers come into the franchise. And what's most exciting, of course, is that we're seeing that happen not only through handbags and accessories, but also through the small businesses that we're now driving in apparel through Stuart's collections. And we're also seeing some lapsed consumers come back. And that is very exciting given the 75th anniversary plans that we have ahead of us and our continued reinforcement of what's true to Coach, which is really a focus on glovetanned leather and all of the activities that Andre discussed as it relates to the customer service experience that we're driving in our stores with the craftsmanship bars as well as the marketing activities. In terms of the areas of biggest impact, Ike, I would say it's a combination of all. It's very difficult to really peel this apart. We're driving total brand impression. We, of course, see the most significant inflection in those stores that have been transformed, as you heard in our prepared notes. The North American full-price stores in aggregate still very much comping positively, including those very first stores now that we have lapped that we opened post-Black Friday of 2014. So really excited by the continued performance in those locations and excited by what we're seeing not only here in North America, but also globally where the pre-post on those locations is very much outpacing the rest of the fleet.
Victor Luis: Yeah, I would just add, Oliver, and connected to your question, in terms of key learnings, first, the most significant learnings, obviously, were those related to Stuart's collection, launching the first season over a year ago in terms of just having enrichened our gifting offer and having a richer presentation of price points across various buckets, right, in outlets from the $150 of course and into full price above the $400 bucket, and you saw the balance of that and heard about that in Andre's remarks. Overall, though, it continues to be the same strategy and focus, which is to continue to give the consumers more value, not only through pricing, of course, and it's important to recognize that outlet is a promotional channel and consumers do go to that channel specifically for deals, but also through what we're doing with experience. Those of you who have had the opportunity to visit our Modern Luxury outlet stores I think see and feel that, and that continues to be a major program for us as we also continue to put make into the product and give consumers value across all of our channels.
Victor Luis: Sure. I think that when it comes to digital, we're really focused on a couple of key strategies. Obviously, there's e-commerce, and not only what we're doing here in North America. One of the major steps that we've taken over the last, I would say almost two years now since the beginning of our transformation strategies, of course, was to pull back on our eOS strategies. You've seen us put a lot of emphasis on bringing innovation to coach.com as a full-price vehicle as well as to everything that we're doing, of course, digitally through social media gaining very, very quick relevance for the brand, especially through Instagram, which has been a major focus for Coach. Internationally, you've heard during our prepared remarks today that we have just opened a new e-commerce site in Europe, having started with the UK. Our plans will be to roll that out across Europe over the next 12 months, while we also continue to gain traction in Asia. I'm happy to report that our teams in Asia have in many ways been leading the way in those markets for the entire category. In Japan, we've made great progress getting onto Line, and in China, not only Sina Weibo, where we're one of the leading – I believe still the leading fashion brand in terms of number of followers, but also on WeChat, where we've also been leading the way. So I would say globally, we are where the millennials are today engaging with brands. It's not just about the channel. However, we know that it's about the content. And there, we're incredibly pleased with the work that Stuart's doing, with the reviews that we're getting from the editorial community and from the bloggers that, of course, influence the millennial consumer. So it's a process. We're very much on our way, and it's very exciting to see the progress that we are making.
Victor Luis: Well, David, at the moment, we're obviously very, very focused still on integrating Stuart Weitzman. I couldn't be more pleased with what we're seeing with that brand, the team, and the traction that they're gaining. It really speaks to the strategy that we have and what we internally have called modern luxury, which is getting a collection of brands together that have quality, that have authenticity, and, at the same time, share in fashion relevance and can engage in a modern way with consumers. In the case of Stuart Weitzman, what we're seeing is really an affirmation of all the due diligence that we've done. It's a terrific brand with amazing fit, amazing quality, superb supply chain, truly a leader in the space in the U.S. And in a season where boots were not selling given the unseasonably warm weather, they were the top performer across all channels, whether it be here in top-tier department stores in the U.S., Europe, and in China where they're gaining increasing relevance which is very exciting for us. And it's not only the products. They're doing an amazing job engaging with consumers. We talked about what Coach is doing, of course, online, but what the Stuart Weitzman team has been doing with their marketing is a great example for us at Coach and indeed for the entire industry as they engage with more youthful consumers online. In terms of longer term, it's very much consistent with what we have shared. We will, of course, be leveraging the Coach team to support Stuart Weitzman in the development of their handbag and accessories business. We discussed already the talent that is already working on that project. And by the end of this calendar year, beginning of next, we should begin to see some of that product hit the Stuart Weitzman stores. In addition, the Stuart Weitzman team will be supporting Coach with the footwear supply chain opportunities that exist when it comes to fit and certainly comfort and potentially longer-term, in a more meaningful way as well. And we're supporting the Stuart Weitzman brand already in some significant ways with real estate, and we've talked about Regent Street, where we will be opening the first Stuart Weitzman flagship in the UK next to the Coach flagship there later this year.
Victor Luis: Yeah. In terms of the second part of your question, the short answer is no. We're really excited about the traction that we're seeing in our brand sequentially. Since the start of our transformation, we've seen our comps in North America improve by 20 points, irrespective of what's happened in the category. And so as we look to the future, this is really about driving relevance for the Coach brand. It's not to say that we're immune to what's happening around us, but we're very, very focused on executing our plan. And we're very pleased with the results that we're seeing and very much looking forward, as guided, to achieving positive comps in North America in the fourth quarter.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. I just want to close by, first and foremost, thanking all of you for joining us again and looking forward to seeing, of course, and hearing from you again during the rest of the quarter as we visit with some of you individually. I also want to thank and congratulate both the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman teams for their hard work and the commitment to driving our second quarter results and truly the fantastic development that we're seeing in our brands against what is a volatile global backdrop. Our brands are special. They represent decades of blending a unique know-how in the crafts that we have with modern-inspired design of our teams. And it's fitting for us that in the 75th anniversary of Coach as we celebrate that this year that we will again drive growth by fusing very much the history that we share and the authenticity of our craft with the vision of our creative teams. And thank you all for being with us.
