Lew Frankfort: Well, first, we're focused on Coach, and our performance continues very strong. We've seen no slowdown in our rate of growth in China. As I mentioned, the repurchase intent is extremely high, and we're continuing to realize significant double-digit comp sales. And as we've discussed, we are opening 30 new locations. More broadly, I'm confident there will not be a hard landing in China. I think it's going to be a soft landing that will largely exempt the emerging middle-class population, which is our target consumer. She's a professional. She's young. She sees herself as part of the global marketplace. And she's going to be least affected.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. $400 -- over $400 handbag offering was up, represented about 22% of handbag sales versus 16% last year in Q1. That's a nice increase. Traffic volatility is not something that we're seeing at all. We see a very consistent pattern.
Lew Frankfort: We actually don't have any good numbers there. We think we're going to make the market in North America. It's highly fragmented and very small. We're really confident that we're already growing the market in North America and it will be more pronounced in years to come. Outside North America, we're playing real catch-up. There's a very developed market in China where roughly 40% of total luxury spend is on men's products, and we want our rightful share. Today, it's only 15% of our sales in China. And similar levels of spending occur in other East Asian countries, in Japan where it's about 15% of our sales as well that we believe we can grow our share there, too. So we're very optimistic that internationally, it's a catch-up. And the new markets, which we're entering, such as Europe and China, it's a major emphasis.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, on the second part of your question, what we're finding within our global assortment are very little differences. So that handbags have a similar level of penetration that we have in the United States. However, as I mentioned, we are distorting our development towards men's. As we open our future stores, we expect virtually all of them to be dual gender. So very quickly, men's penetration will rise dramatically. In terms of our pricing, we have a global pricing strategy, and it is consistent with other luxury brands.
Lew Frankfort: Okay. When we say overseas growth, I'm going to reference business outside North America. First, the good news is that Coach continues to be a growth market. So it's hard to beat the overall growth in North America. But as we develop scale, particularly in China and East Asia, we expect that 50% of our growth over the next 5 years will be outside of North America. And what that means is that we will go roughly, and I'm going to give you a rough number, from about 30% of our sales today outside North America to over 40%. The other element I'd just like to emphasize is that as we grow internationally, there is a spillover impact into the United States, and we're really benefiting enormously from the surge in awareness and brand cache among tourists, as I said earlier, in key markets.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to wholesale, again for context, it's 13% of our sales. And that does include our international wholesale business, which is growing double digits at POS. And our U.S. department stores, we were pleased to post a 3% comp performance in what we consider a very developed channel and a very strong promotional environment.
Lew Frankfort: I would only add that I do believe that markets such as China and select Western European and Middle Eastern and East Asian markets will actually be higher. And in fact, this year, we expect the penetration of men's to exceed 15% both in Japan and China, heading quickly towards 25% in China.
Lew Frankfort: We can offer a very broad commentary, but I'll just hit a few different points. Consumers are cautious and concerned. However, unlike what occurred in '08 and '09, there's been no increase in the percentage of consumers that believe we're going to go into a deep recession. So even though there is worry, there isn't a feeling that the bottom is going to fall out, point one. Second, when we look at our consumer, she and he skews towards college graduates. And when we look at college grads, which represents about 1/3 of the total labor force, the unemployment rate is only about 4,%, higher than it should be, but it's only 4%. So the middle and upper middle class as the professional classes are doing a lot better than America overall, and those brands that are able to provide innovation, relevance and perceived excellent value are continuing to thrive. And we, as an acceptable luxury brand, are extremely well positioned to do that.
Lew Frankfort: Okay. I got it. When we say soft landing, we're talking about 8% growth rate falling to 6% or 5% for a short period of time. We're not talking about anything significant. Yes, there's a perceived bubble in the extremely high-end real estate market. That is not our consumer. So we're not feeling anything, and we don't expect it to be material. And just in closing, we actually increased our guidance for performance for the year to the top end of our range. So if anything, our performance is exceeding our expectations of 3 months ago.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, we have lower -- Coach has lower brand awareness in our second-tier cities, second- and third-tier cities, so we've been partnering with the department stores or with the malls to develop special programs to introduce Coach. Out of the gate we're performing extremely well beating our expectations. More broadly, we find that there's an appetite for a limited-edition product as well, even in situations where we're the first international accessories brand within the areas. And what we're finding is we're enjoying great success and very high repurchase intention. And I'll just close with a lasting comment, a broad general comment, which is shopping is the #1 pastime in the secondary and tertiary markets, as it was in the United States 30 years ago. So when we visit our malls, we find multigenerations of consumers browsing, and we're building awareness and driving sales.
Lew Frankfort: I think we said it all. The quarter was good. We are on track for an excellent holiday season. You can tell by our -- beyond the words, the energy that all of us have that, we're feeling really good about our over-arching strategies. Growth in North America, which is expanding share in a growing market, the incredible international opportunity with the sharp focus in China. And lastly, of course, men's, which is going to be a roar for Coach. Thank you, everybody.
Michael Tucci: Sure, Bob. Using Q1 as the proxy where we kicked off the year, we are right at $2.99 in average unit retail. So we were up slightly over last year, which is very important. We had some pricing advantage. That was driven by an increased contribution penetration of handbags over $400, particularly on the back of the strength of Madison. And as you know, Madison is our lead collection for Q2. It's performing very, very well out of the gate. And I believe that, that affords us some pricing opportunity within the second quarter, albeit our second quarter is a little bit more of a price-sensitive quarter given the gifting nature of the business. So we're very, very enthusiastic about where the mix is landing, and we see Madison as a key driver.
Michael Tucci: As we develop our business in these countries, particularly from a retail presence, we build the market from a store basis, and we're really accenting our position in the market with informational sites. As the business develops, we will convert our informational sites to e-commerce sites. So for example, China will convert to e-commerce later this year. We have an e-commerce site in Japan. So it will be market by market and it will be enabled by the opportunity that we have in countries from a distribution and fulfillment standpoint. Also, the informational sites allow us to drive awareness to our stores, traffic to our stores and capture customer information e-mail and other productive information.
Michael Tucci: Sure. I'll break this out. Let me start with full price. We are seeing the opportunity in full price to add men's presence in our best locations in the United States. And that's either going to occur with an expansion within our most productive stores or malls or taking existing real estate in those most highly productive stores and dedicating more space to men's, as we've done, for example, in our Madison Avenue store at 57th Street, at 342 Madison store and others throughout the country. The approach in men's will be top-down. We're going to go from our most productive locations, most highly productive, highly traffic, most premium locations in North America and attack those first. And that is really what we're working on. A format that we're most excited about that we need to get built out is what we're calling a side-by-side format where, for example, in Pentagon Mall in Washington this spring, we'll take our existing store, which is a women's-only store, relocate it to a larger format with a side-by-side men's, women's location in about 3,700 square feet, bringing men's to the lease line and creating a dual-gender view to the customer. We believe that, that, on the full-price side, is an enormous growth opportunity for us. In factory, we are seeing incredible response to our men's. And there, we have 2 formats: one is a separate men's store in the neighborhood of our women store; or again, combining our men's and women's presence under one roof side by side. And we see both of those opportunities as viable and I think, long term, going deep into our fleet in terms of penetration. Our men's productivity is significant. It's very comparable to women's at very high margins and very high returns.
Michael Tucci: Okay. Well, first, the context. A significant majority of our growth in the first quarter came from women's, not men's. So women's is really continuing to grow rapidly. As we quickly develop scale in men's, we expect naturally to see a greater proportion of our growth come from men's. In terms of our marketing to men, we are going to distort spending starting this holiday season here in the States towards men, particularly both in publications that men tend to read, as well as through focused digital opportunities. So for us, key is really building awareness that we have a very broad and excellent assortment and for those men on the call we invite you to visit our stores or the Internet.
Jane Nielsen: Well, I can take the -- I'll take the first question since it was directed at me. I guess what I found at Coach is a lot what you see in our Q1 earnings. Great, just incredible passion for the business. It's an incredibly knowledge-driven management team that's both numerous and really knows the business cold. As CFO, I really appreciate the disciplined and rigorous processes that really support all the decision-making but really retains the sense of flexibility to respond to the market. And I guess what I appreciate most is the passion that everybody approaches the business with and that everyone has for the brand. As CFO, I really think that finance can contribute in 4 important ways. I'd love for the finance team to be viewed as a business partner that really takes great ideas and makes some great businesses, to really be a model of stewardship and that leads by example and to really be a driver of a well-controlled organization that's committed to delivering results the right way.
Jane Nielsen: Paul, we don't discuss EBIT margins for our individual business units. The individual business units' operating margin for the 2 major channels, direct and indirect, will be provided in the Q.
Jane Nielsen: Well, I wouldn't interpret too much from our Q1 buyback. We remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders and fundamentally believe that share buybacks are a good means of doing that. We're always balancing the working capital needs of our business to fuel growth with the open window that we have to buy back our shares. And as you know, Q1 is our shortest window to do that buyback.
