Lew Frankfort: We do see it as another inflection for Coach. I think in a year from now or two years from now we will look back upon this quarter, the initiatives that we announced in Europe, the acceleration of our business in China and the rejuvenation of our full price businesses and conclude that it indeed was an inflection point. We’re extremely encouraged by the results across all channels and geographies last quarter. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of fall’s precision, when we say low single-digits, mid single-digits, to us that’s just a very subtle change. What we said publically quite recently is that we do believe we can achieve during our LRP period double-digit top line growth with the bottom line growing at a faster rate.  And what we also said is that we’re anticipating low to mid single-digit comps worldwide. If we get some wind at our back it will be higher, if we don’t it will be somewhat lower. With regard to the earlier part of your question, yes there has been a convergence between full price and factory, its increasing, the convergence. 
Lew Frankfort: Let me take that one because this is our second try at Europe, as you know, I failed the first time and a few things. First it was the old world of Coach, it was online leather bags, I’m not sure you’re old enough to remember them, but we—
Lew Frankfort: Okay, well we actually developed a great business in North America but it did not resonate that well with the Europeans who wanted products that were more stylish and more sophisticated. Second, we did not have local partners and we did it remote without putting the level of investment into these markets that we’re doing today. Today as we announced we have two great partners that we’re starting with and we’re very enthusiastic about what we can do together. 
Lew Frankfort: I’d also just like to add if I could, is that we actually internally nicknamed Mike Devine Mike Gross Margin Devine and we feel so [unsuccessful] but with all of you guys, migrating you to operating margins because we do think that’s really the way you need to evaluate us. And that’s a more comprehensive measurement, notwithstanding everything positive about our outlook on the gross margin side, I just urge you to move down the P&L.
Lew Frankfort: The question is can we talk about who we’re trying to target, we actually have a very broad reach. As a democratized luxury brand where we’re available to consumers who are aspirational trading up into Coach as well as consumers who are purchasing alternative brands at our levels and of course the European luxury brand. So we find that we’re able to develop a broad and diversified consumer base in each of the markets we’re in and that’s one of the elements that’s very compelling to our proposition. 
Lew Frankfort: The positive comp was in handbag units, 22% more units. With regard to department stores, we had an excellent quarter at POS, our sales were up 11% driven by full price sales and that compared actually to down 22% just in the last quarter and I think that’s both a reflection of Coach’s strength and the strength in department stores. They have really backed away from the promotional proposition and are giving consumers a stronger every day value. We’re benefiting from that of course and we’re encouraged. We believe that we will stay in positive territory at POS in US department stores. It bodes well for not only Coach but other brands and their entire franchise. 
Lew Frankfort: Our unaided awareness is extremely high. I’m not quite sure what source you’re referencing but our unaided awareness is I believe north of the 70% in the US, so seven out of 10 consumers who we target mention Coach as a top of mind brand. Perhaps it’s a bit higher than it was, but we haven’t seen the results of that effect. Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird : I thought you had said 80% unaided awareness there, I’m sorry if I misheard that. 
Lew Frankfort: I think what we referenced was 80% unaided awareness in China compared to in the 60’s in Japan and 70’s in the US and the reason Ian made that point was to suggest that the opportunity for us to continue to grow rapidly as awareness builds is balanced in China. 
Lew Frankfort: The short answer is yes, we do that today with the same pace. We have a global calendar and when we update our windows in the United States we do the same in China, Korea, and every other market so the cadence is exactly the same.  What we did announce and Ian touched on it I believe today is an Asian distribution center which is just opening now and for the first time we will be shipping goods for Asian markets directly into a distribution center that will enable us to provide much more rapid response. Today for countries outside of Japan they’re located in Asia, the goods go all the way to Florida, believe it or not and then go back to Asia. We’re going to be cutting four to six weeks of transit out. We’re going to be able to have a pooled inventory so that we can respond to country variations in demand in a much more spontaneous way.  So, we’re trying real hard to strengthen our capabilities there. Maria Driscoll – Standard & Poor’s : And can I just ask you also have an e-commerce platform in Europe. 
Lew Frankfort: Is that a question, we do not today have an e-commerce platform in Europe. We’re actually launching later this week I believe if we’re still on track, a Japanese e-commerce site. What we have in China and several other markets and will have in Europe once we launch, is an informational site that will provide updated information on product, newsworthy stories, as well as directions on where they can go within the respective countries and purchase Coach. 
Lew Frankfort: Think about buying it for a loved one, or yourself. Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : So I have just a couple of questions about France and Western Europe and even a little bit about China, could you talk about as you roll the brands into these areas, how are you approaching this from marketing but also product wise, are you rolling in with brands with sub brands, like Madison and Julia or is signature there too, is Poppy there, and do you have a full assortment as far as fragrance, jewelry, small leather goods, just a little behind that. And I know the stores in the department stores, the shops will be smaller, so if you could just talk specifically about that versus a store say in China. 
Lew Frankfort: No what Ian was saying is that the smaller shops will have a comprehensive assortment. What we do in a smaller size flagship and we have many of them around the world, is have a more edited assortment of the comprehensive offering, but it will be a true flagship assortment which is a lifestyle expression of the Coach brand. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you Andrea, first our results speak for themselves, its pretty self evident you can tell also by our enthusiasm regarding our outlook that we do feel that we have reached another inflection point for Coach, so I would just say stay tuned. Have a good day everybody.
Mike Tucci: Specifically on handbags, the unit acceleration has been a key. Obviously with the rebalancing and repricing strategy and its stabilization of traffic, the key for us in getting productivity back is selling more units in handbags, we had a positive comp, high single-digit in our full price stores in dollars which was key. If we’re looking out as we build our assortments through Q4 of this year and into the first half of next year, we actually do see some subtle opportunity to blend the product differently going forward and the key for us is really in the middle. Its sits between, in the Coach handbag hierarchy, between Poppy which is our introductory price offer and Madison which represents a higher price offer. The best representation of that today in the stores is Kristin and Julia which launched yesterday, really targeting that core leather and signature sweet spot between $298 and $358. As we built that in Q3 we saw the strengthening of our handbag business in particular and our overall business.  We will build on that significantly in FY11 and beyond and I think that bodes very well for us to give us three layers in our pricing and positioning hierarchy to meet three very distinct consumer segments. 
Mike Tucci: Really importantly on the factory side, what’s driving factory and the significant margin improvement in factory is mix where we are back to historical levels of 80% penetration in made for factory goods. Remember at this time last year we were peeking in the level of delete activity in our stores as we were clearing through excess inventory.  That situation no longer exists. The promotional cadence in factory is absolutely flat to last year. We’re trying some different methodology, it is a promotional channel. Its what drives traffic and drives purchase, that’s where we play and we will continue to do so so that value proposition within the factory channels, we have stated and will be committed to a very, very strong and value oriented experience for our consumer there and we see that carrying through Q4 and the tactics we will lever those tactics as we need to.
Mike Tucci: There really was no calendar shift in the third quarter. The way we report, the Easter shift had no bearing between Q3 and Q4 so we feel very good about April and how the fourth quarter shapes up. 
Ian Bickley: I believe that overall the differences between our customers are very subtle and we’ve learned through our consumer research that consistently our heritage as a New York fashion brand as well as our accessible luxury positioning and compelling value proposition for the consumer is something that resonates globally. 
Ian Bickley: Well first of all we really see the new partnership with Printemps as the cornerstone for going into Western Europe. France obviously is a very important market. It’s a leading fashion market and we believe if we’re successful there we really will build a halo effect for the rest of Europe.  Printemps for us is a perfect partner. We know that they get the vision for the Coach brand. They will help us to establish image enhancing locations and they will give us broad geographic coverage throughout France and enable us both to leverage the domestic consumer as well as international tourists which especially in their flagship Printemps location in Paris represent a very significant share of the business. In terms of Hackett with whom we are jointly developing other key Western European markets, we do believe again they are a group that understands Coach, understands the positioning in the market, has strong local expertise and also have a high touch customer service model that is very consistent with the way we drive our business. Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you provide some color on the markets you expect to target in terms of demographics. 
Ian Bickley: In terms of the pricing in France no we expect to, as Lew talked about earlier, position our brands [inaudible] as an accessible luxury brand between the international brands and the domestic brands targeting about 20% premium. 
Ian Bickley: Well first of all let me talk about product and marketing, we expect the assortments for Europe to be very consistent with our assortments globally. Of course there will be preferences that consumers have there particularly we expect leather to be more important in Europe for example than a [logo] product.  And in terms of marketing we’ll be approaching each market that we’re entering with a specific launch strategy. We are partnering as part of our agreement with Printemps on a shared integrated marketing and communications campaign to launch the brand in France that will focus a great deal on the Haussmann store leveraging databases, windows, but also some degree of national advertising as well as editorials.  We’ll also be tapping into opportunities to leverage the international tourists in that market as well. And we’ll take a consistent approach when we go into the UK and Spain and those markets in advance of opening the first locations. With regard to the store sizes, as I mentioned earlier our location in the Printemps flagship location on boulevard Haussmann, is going to be 1700 square feet in a very prime location. Actually when you go into the store it will have a three-room concept and will look very much like an elevated Coach freestanding store actually within a department store. In terms of the broader distribution we’ll probably be looking at shop in shop sizes that will range between 50 and 80 square meters in size. Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : And then could you just follow-up on China and I’m assuming just based on those store sizes that the assortment in France at least will be a little bit more limited and focused on handbags, is that correct. 
Ian Bickley: No, it’s the same broad lifestyle collection that we offer, its no different to China. Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : No I’m sorry in France, China is getting now the full, is the full assortment but in France it will be smaller shop in shops, the assortments will be focused primarily on handbags. 
Mike Devine: I would probably stay away from going with too much more precision but rest assured that of the 310 of margin expansion far and away the biggest contributor was from those two factors which we actually look at them, think about, as very closely related because they both end up resulting in a growing expansion between our average out the door pricing and the average unit cost for the item sold.  The other traditional big movers of our gross margin rate were relatively quiet this quarter versus last year. Our levels of promotions in the factory channel were very similar, TYO [wise] and also we’re starting to see some easing of the pressure brought about by channel mix due to a number of factors, firstly the convergence that Lew just spoke to, and we discussed in our prepared remarks. Its taking a little bit of pressure off the channel mix and also the rapid growth while its still small to the total company, Coach China with its very healthy gross margin rates also helped move the needle on channel mix a little bit this quarter.  So the big story really is about price versus cost which is very exciting for us. 
Mike Devine: Again we’re not giving specific forward guidance, but what I would say is that we’re feeling good about our gross margin rates heading into Q4 and for the coming quarters. We do expect to be able to deliver year over year gross margin expansion out over the next couple of quarters. We’ve locked in many of our material costs at historically low levels. That being said we are beginning to see some inflationary pressures so that will be a challenge for us going forward, however we do have many opportunities to look to offset this pressure, whether its through alternate materials, counter sourcing, channel mix, as China grows as I mentioned earlier, and our convergence between full price and factory. So, we’re feeling like there are opportunities but there are headwinds on the inflationary pressure side. 
Mike Devine: We haven’t completed yet our complete CapEx planning for our new fiscal year 2011 out through next June. I can tell you that the reduction this year from the $110 to the $90 to $100 million is just project timing. So I would anticipate from that $110 million level if you look at that as a go forward number and then have the movement of $10 to $20 million, I think we’re probably will end up coming forward with a CapEx plan that would be in the $130 to $150 million range for next year. But its very early in our detailed planning processes. The relationships that we’re forming with our new partners and our growth in China will increase our CapEx spend but we’ve done tremendous work around store construction costs and sourcing and so we feel like our CapEx spend will continue to be very well controlled. 
Mike Devine: And to build off of Lew’s earlier point, we want to bridge you down to operating income here and the expansion of the gross margin coupled with the increased productivity is driving operating margin expansion that’s driving earnings at an accelerated pace. The factory division itself actually, four-wall contribution is up 100’s of basis points year over year.
