Victor Luis: Sure. In terms of the modern luxury doors, Bob, which really represent as you said one of the most promising of the green shoots that we are seeing in our retail stores, we have approximately 20 that we have re-platformed prior to holiday and that is across a variety of different channels, street locations such as here in New York and Rodeo Drive, mall locations as well as in certain international locations and we are very, very pleased with the performance, which have in fact exceeded our own internal expectations positive comp and doing kind of better than the rest of the fleet and it is certainly very consistent with the strategies that we have consistently shared with all of you, which is that we believe that it is when the product, stores and marketing all come together that we will see the change in perception required to drive the business forward and that is exactly what we are seeing in these locations. As we expressed in our speakers' notes, we are continuing with the 150 re-platforming of current locations and then 50 to 60 new locations for the second half of the year. In terms of the outlets discussion, Bob, I think you were specifically talking about our product strategies there, very excited about what we are seeing there and very consistent with what we have shared with you in the past. First, Stuart design team have been touching all of the current products that had existed upon his arrival and we, in essence, re-platformed the product with new leathers, new materials, new hardware, new branding, adding a lot of value to that channel at increased costs, but the consumer is reacting well. We are seeing her more than willing to pay for it and that has driven an improved performance in our outlet stores year-on-year during the holiday period at increased gross margins year-on-year as well in what was an increasingly competitive environment, so we are really pleased. It really started with our terrific balance of price points across a mixture of categories, handbags, accessories, footwear and a great gifting collection from Black Friday, so very much great learnings for us that will leverage across channels as we move forward.
Victor Luis: Okay. Thank you. In terms of the leadership in Asia, there is no change impacted by the changes we have just announced. Andre Cohen, who is taking over as our leader for North America has been playing the role of Chief of Staff for the recent past, having returned from a family leave after a year and the current leadership in Asia continues as is. In terms of our distribution strategies in China, as we have mentioned in the past Barbara and talked, we have been this year very focused on ensuring that we are prepared for the consolidation that is taking place amongst certain malls, especially in the Tier-1 and Tier-2 cities, but longer-term we still very much believe in the opportunity and the Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities, not only in what it promises for the domestic market, because it is where we are seeing the greatest growth overall in China from the GDP perspective, but also what it means for outbound tourists. As we know, there is approximately 100 million outbound tourists from China today. That numbers is expected to grow by the end of 2019 to approximately 200 million, the vast majority of that growth will come from those Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities, so we are very focused on developing our awareness, developing our brand in those cities not only could benefit domestically, but also in the international tourist markets.
Victor Luis: That is correct and you have just confirmed everything I said. They were positive and 150 for the second half in terms of remodels, with an additional 60 new location.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver. Yes. In terms of reduction of SKUs, not all. In fact, if anything from this holiday quarter, we have learned that the big opportunity for us was perhaps to have been a little bit fuller in terms of our gifting assortment, especially in retail with Stuart's initial launch, we were very focused on the fashion messaging which has of course been very well received. As we move forward, what I think you will see, Oliver, in our assortment is a continued reinforcement of our core or what we are calling Coach essentials, not only in terms of what they represent at those core price points, the $300, $400 price bucket, but also in terms of how we elevate those styles with other fabrication, other more premium leathers and alike to continue to bring texture and elevation into the store. If anything, I think you will see in the quarters ahead as we head into FY'16, a slight increase in our SKU count from the reduction that we have announced of 25% this past quarter.
Victor Luis: Okay. Antoine, I would only add one thing, which as I mentioned in my notes, we had eight pop-up factory doors that we used to cleanse those inventories, which we have since closed and are no longer operating.
Victor Luis: Sure. Yes. We have said that over and over, elevation has never been about simply increasing price points. It has been about improving the perception or elevating the perception of the brand, if you will, qualitatively in the mind of the consumer, and the most important step that we have taken there has been the pulled-back in promotions. The $300 million reduction, if you will, eOS that that we have discussed and shared with you guys openly as well as the vastly reduced number of events that we are holding in our retail channel, which is impacting our comps in that channel, especially as well as the reduced Coach days in the wholesale channel as well. In terms of the assortment, balance has always been important for us. We are very focused on continuing to refine, what we call core, which Oliver asked about earlier and there were certain silhouettes, which we are continuing to refine into one example is the taxi [ph], which is getting new shapes, getting new sizes, getting new functionality based on the additional learnings that we have had as well as other key core silhouettes and specifically a carryall, specifically the shoulder bag [ph], which will get different sizes and different materials, so what we are doing is enrichening the assortment, broadening it for that core customer to ensure a broader range of fabrications and price points.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Omar. We were really excited about Stuart Weitzman. Of course, the deal does not close until May, so we are limited in what we can say, but first it is a wonderful clean brand leadership in its category not unlike ourselves at that size and larger in our earlier days, especially a brand that has history and heritage over 30 years of legacy and has extremely clean distribution and pricing top-tier department stores, one outlet door here in the U.S. and only one in Europe, proven technical know-how, a great senior management team in place and a truly differentiated supply chain with the relationships and ownership that they have of part of their production. Saying that, there is also in addition to the attractiveness of the brand itself, of course, the operational technical and know-how synergies that we feel extremely good about for ourselves. In my notes, I talked about our own footwear business and its growth this past quarter. I think some folks forget that we have to $200 million footwear business already, so combined with Stuart Weitzman, we are today or will be when the deal closes, the number two U.S. market share player in the premium shoe market following, Uggs, I believe as the number one, so there is an opportunity of course for Stuart Weitzman to share with us their know-how, and especially everything that they knows so well around and fit and comfort, they have an incredibly loyal customer base that swears by the fits and that is an opportunity for us at Coach as we look at our current shoe business, which is growing and has a lot more opportunity. Of course, they have an opportunity themselves to grow their multi-category strategy as they have a very nascent handbag and accessories business today no more than 4% to 5% of their total business and we have an opportunity to help them develop that to be something more important than I am especially excited about what is happening today with the Stuart Weitzman brands, not only here in the United States, but in Asia and especially the green shoots that we are seen for them in China, which is the market that we know well and that we know we can help them grow and support.
Victor Luis: Sure. In terms of semiannual sale it was as planned, started in mid-December and through January 21st, and that was the exact same length of time as our previous semiannual sale, so absolutely no surprise or change there. In terms of the two outlets that we have closed, they have just closed a few weeks ago. It is still very early. We are putting together a learning agenda around those outlets, not only in terms, of course, cross-channel shopping, but other consumer perception changes in those two markets, one in Miami, the other in L.A., and we will share those with you in the quarters ahead.
Victor Luis: The metrics in terms of the modern luxury stores were really mixed by location because of the type of format, if you will, the street locations versus mall. Overall, traffic was a driver as consumers were coming in, of course, to experience the new, but also conversion was the other key driver and I would say that is in the Street location, so our flagships, especially here in New York as well as L.A, which was consistent with the total retail piece. ADT was a driver because of the decreased promotion year-on-year, so they really benefited across all metrics relative to the other locations and as things stabilize, of course, over time, I would imagine that we will continue to see normalization where conversion and ADT will be the major drivers.
Victor Luis: Sure. Longer-term, of course, we are excited about the channel. We believe it is an absolutely vital one, where obviously the consumer has choice and where we need to compete and win effectively. The 300 doors that we have been moving to open sell, which truly represent the smallest doors that we have or the one that is still in case line, about 20% of the total fleet, but less than 15% in fact of total revenues, their financial impact is quite small, but very important to allow consumers to access product given that we are really the only brand in our space still in those cases. Longer-term, as I mentioned, we are today taking all of the learnings from our retail modern luxury concept, so the one we have opened in Rodeo here at Time Warner, and of course our mall locations, especially as well as some duty-free locations globally, we are taking those learnings and will be leveraging them across format, so in the spring you will see us leverage that in our first outlet stores as I mentioned and we will also be developing that format into both, wholesale as well as global duty-free locations, which we are very excited about.
Victor Luis: Thank you. Andrea. Thank you, everybody, for being with us and for continuing to follow us on our transformation journey. As a team, we are encouraged by the positive signs that we are seeing in the execution of our strategies around the product, stores marketing as we continue to drive fashion relevance for the Coach brand and to differentiate it from the accessible luxury competition that has grown over the last 5 to 10 years, especially. I want to recognize the entire Coach team for their commitment and for continuing to have both, the courage and the discipline to stay the course with our strategies, which are very much in the long-term interest of our brand health and our business and I know that they also very much look forward to welcoming the Stuart Weitzman team to the Coach, Inc family. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. What we saw in starting most in the near end, what we saw in the quarter was really two benefits as I called out. One was the stronger dollar, which had a benefit to our expense line, so that was a key driver. Then we realized stronger savings from our restructuring than we anticipated. We realized those savings sooner, largely related to organizational efficiency. We also were able to repurpose marketing spend from promotional events largely related to eOS into more brand-focused events and realized savings there, so those were the three drivers of saving. We would expect the benefit of the weaker yen primarily to continue as we move through the year, but we do expect that marketing spend related to brand-focused, brand equity building will be heavier in the second half. As we look forward to the $150 million of savings those savings will primarily be related to efficiencies related to our store closure, they will be related to organizational streamlining and efficiency. Those will be the key drivers of savings as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: Absolutely. As I look at our gross margin, in this quarter, we really executed our strategy. We maintained our high gross margin at very stable rates that you have seen in prior year and really we executed the strategy, we invested in our products and elevated our product as Victor talked about and we reduced our promotional activity in North America and really struck that balance. We had a little bit of pressure from the yen on gross margins, but really that is our strategy and you saw it come true on the gross margin line.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Antoine. As you saw in last fiscal Q4, we took the opportunity to evaluate our inventory with respect to our transformation. As we have moved forward, you have seen inventory track very closely, you are in a range in sales that is our long-term goal that inventory would be in line with sales with some puts and takes for building for certain holiday quarter in store opening, but that is the trend you should expect to continue. I feel very good about the quality of the inventory that we sit on right now.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Omar, I would just jump in and say, this is entirely consistent with the capital allocation priorities we have laid out for Coach, Inc. which is to invest in our business, which you saw us do this quarter both in marketing and in capital to be highly selective about pursuing value creating acquisition that we believe have growth and profitability for the long-term, being goldilocks, if you will, has to be just right and we feel Stuart Weitzman is. Then finally, a commitment to returning capital to shareholders, which you saw us reiterate again, a commitment to maintaining our dividend.
Jane Nielsen: Joan, I would just add that, as a recall we close out this quarter, only about a little less than half of the semiannual sale period was included in this quarter.
