Jane Nielsen: Sure, you know, as we've stated our operating margin guidance for fiscal FY ‘17 is really premised on the return to growth in-line with the category of the Coach brand. We now expect the category to be in the low to mid-single-digit range, a very stable growth margin on a constant currency basis of 69% to 70%. So stable gross margin, top line growth and then we will leverage SG&A to get to the operating margin expansion that leverage SG&A fully incorporates what we called out in our original transformation plan which was the restructuring actions that we will conclude with this fiscal year and a small benefit from the operational efficiency initiatives that we announced today.
Jane Nielsen: Oliver, if you look at inventory, as it's been our case, we always look to match inventory roughly in-line with our sales growth outlet. So I think you'll start to see inventories and very modest growth in the fourth quarter and moving into FY ‘17 is very much in line with our sales outlook and expectations.
Jane Nielsen: So I just want to clarify that our guidance just to be specific is for North America would be our growth and globally in line with the category which we now see to be low to mid-single digits as is our custom will come back with more specific guidance in Q4, but what we've seen is a sequential improvement in both channels they improved this quarter similarly and we would expect to see continued improvement as we move into FY ‘17.
Jane Nielsen: So why don’t I take the cash flow and dividend and then I will turn it over to Andre on the outlet channel. So as our net income growth and we complete the buildout of our headquarter building you will see a corresponding cash flow growth as we move into FY ‘17 as expected. Our dividends is really a part of our priorities for cash and our priorities for cash are really unchanged. First and foremost, investing in the organic growth of our business. Second priority being M&A value creating acquisitions. As I said, nothing eminent but we want to remain open and flexible should we find something that we believe will create long-term value for Coach, Inc. in our shareholders and then finally is the return of capital to shareholders with our commitment to the dividend. We look at our dividend annually with our Board in August as we talked about in April 2014. We will look at the dividend in August that coincides with our year-end results and outlook for the following year and make a determination at that time.
Victor Luis: Sure, in terms of e-comp we have now of course anniversaried all of this eOS pullback so we would expect it to grow at least in-line with what is happening in our store network. Of course look, the consumers are continuing to shift online so I will not be surprised if it is growing at a slightly faster pace than the store network from here on out now that we have comped all of the pullback. In terms of the Chinese consumer and the excitement, look, first and foremost, the long-term opportunity with the Chinese consumers is as present as ever. I could not be more excited about what we're seeing in terms of even government policies still focused on domestic consumption, the infrastructure continued to develop in the mainland which is obviously helping domestic consumption as well, as well as the continued traction that our team is driving for the brand there and it's absolutely vital of course because relevance on the Mainland will mean relevance wherever the Chinese consumer chooses to shop as they travel globally. Today what we are seeing most recently as I mentioned earlier is of course the impact of the terrorist attacks in France and specifically in Paris having a direct negative impact on Chinese tourists flows there, we’re seeing slightly negative flows here into the U.S. as well of course as continued negative flows into Hong Kong and Macau. That is one area where we thought in the fourth quarter we would have seen ourselves comping the fall from last year and we have not. But that's more than being offset by the very strong growth that we have continued to see in Japan, Korea and increasingly in Southeast Asia and although many of those markets are distributor run, we’re very excited by what we’re seeing in Thailand and in Australia as well.
Victor Luis: In terms of the wholesale channel, look, I think all of you who traveled to the department store world where we are present in North America obviously very aware of the environment. You may also follow a lot of the brand trackers that are out there in terms of sales to understand what is happening with promotions and AUR in that channel and I would say that we are in the very early inning there of our transformation. As many of you know, we've invested now and I just mentioned in my prepared remarks in 12 locations in the new concept, that's out of a thousand that we have across North America. We are investing in the shop manager program for the Top 50 locations by the end of this fiscal year and in both of those cases we are seeing a inflection versus the rest of the fleet. In addition of course, we have made very significant progress in our penetration with the Tier 1 department stores with 1941 while also pulling back on those Coach specific promotional days. Irrespective of all of that, the absolute number of chain wide sale days continues to be an issue in that channel and we continue as a team to have discussions with our partners about a couple of areas. One, first and foremost is the potential for the pull back on all our promotions which would include our exclusion and cooperation with our partners from the bulk of storewide event and quite frankly we are also looking at potentially exiting lower volume doors going forward. So these are considerations we are taking right now.
Victor Luis: I'll let Andre start with first and foremost the bucketing strategy and dealing with seasonality in that area and then Jane will take total inventories.
Victor Luis: Thank you Andrea. Let me just thank everybody for joining us. A very important quarter for us this past third quarter as it marks a return to growth for the Coach brand. I could not be more excited with the momentum in our business and as a team, we are obviously very proud of the evolving perception not only of the Coach brand but up Coach, Inc. and our impact in the marketplace. The positive impact of our brand transformation augmented by of course Stuart Weitzman is clearly reflected in the overall financial performance with terrific inflection across all of our key metrics with sales, profit and earnings growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of '13. The turnaround of course that we've achieved to-date underscores our confidence in driving sustainable and profitable growth for Coach, Inc. over the long term and I could not be prouder of our entire team for the work and commitment that they have put in to driving our brand and the passion that they are showing to win in the marketplace. Thank you, all.
Andre Cohen: Well first let me start by saying both channels actually improved on a similar rate sequentially so we are pleased with the performance both in retail and in outlet. We had always said that retail was going to lead so the retail performance in absolute terms is slightly ahead of outlets. Basically a couple of main areas we've been working on in outlets specifically one is design and innovation. We've realized through the vignette I think Victor mentioned in his prepared remarks on snoopy that when you have got real innovation and emotion it trumps price. It was successful and it's something that we are planning to replicate over the next few quarters both in terms of these one-off sort of we call them play concepts and more generally in terms of putting more design and innovation in the outlet channel. In terms of the modern luxury renovations, they have not been as successful as in retail. We've not moved the needle that much, that said we have got a number of learnings that we are currently addressing. We have used our Woodburry common store as a pilot where we have done things such as moving more product to the floor. We’ve realized that when there is too much product on the wall, not enough on the floor it effects impedes conversion. We've fragmented the store a bit too much so you don't get a sort of 360 view when you enter the store etcetera. So loads of small operational improvements. The positive news is that in Woodburry when we started these tweaks about two or three months ago we have seen an improvement in the control of the metrics conversion in ADT, so good learnings and we're going to keep implementing them throughout the chain.
Andre Cohen: Sure, so we have certainly seen the environment become more competitive in outlet generally over the past couple of quarters. Traffic has continued to drop and competitive intensity has increased. So we have been pragmatic in dealing with that. We have been promotional where we had to be, we have pulled up where we could. Going forward again the plan is to innovate more to just have a high content of newness, innovation and more emotional play concepts to offset the price pressures we have seen over the last couple of quarters.
Andre Cohen: Yes, so as you know for Q2 our holiday quarter we had beefed up our gifting assortment to be able to just offer a wide range of prices and that strategy worked well. Coming out of Q2, we focused on our elevation strategy with 1941 launching across the bulk of the chain. We have seen a significant improvement in our $400 and above price point. It's now 40% of the business. Overall our AUR handbags have actually record high of $300, that’s the highest we have been in handbags since fiscal '09. So the elevation strategy is working. Obviously as we get into the more holiday periods we will flex with again with a wider gifting assortment at a wide range of price points.
Andre Cohen: In terms of just the fourth quarter, we’re left unplanned with -- we're still working towards a positive comp for the quarter. We've seen all the indicators that we saw at the end of the third quarter, still maintaining the momentum and we’re on plan, I'm not sure what -- all I can say at this point.
