Victor Luis: Sure, as we have noted Bob, both last quarter and on this speakers notes that we just provided, we're providing global sales and comps and of course are committed to providing global category growth quarterly growth forward, that said to your question with a couple of significant players that have yet to report, it does appear that the North American premium handbag and accessory market grew at a mid-single digit rate which is an acceleration from the low single digit rate that we saw in the September quarter and we believe that was of course part fueled by our own sequential improvements and I will let Josh chime in a little bit on that. 
Victor Luis: Very excited about our witness development opportunities in that part of the world, as we mentioned in our speakers notes, we're actually taking some actions across a couple of market with two real key strategies there, first and foremost is around the Chinese consumer and that obviously relates most to what we're doing with Kate Spade, but also, we're very excited with the buyback of the business from China.  And the Kate Spade opportunity in that market, excuse me, and the Kate Spade opportunity in that market today it's not dramatically different quite frankly from where couch was when we purchase that business back in 2008 and so we're very excited by the experience of course across our teams and the ability to help that brand grow, terrific opportunity for distribution of course across both tier 1, 2 and 3 cities, very developed infrastructure which we know well of course with Coach having well north of 150 locations now in that market, we have terrific relationship with the trade and with distribution and we're really focused now on putting in the right investments and talent of course and driving up awareness for the brand in that market not only in the Mainland but also in Hong Kong, Macau and in Taiwan.  And then the second part of our strategy not directly connected to your question Ike is what we're doing with the Australia, New Zealand buyback of Coach which is really about leveraging a Tapestry multi brand model to allow us to successfully grow our brands in the smaller medium sized markets where each of them independently would not have the scale to be managed directly so very excited about that opportunity and look forward to sharing more on that with you in the future as well.
Victor Luis: We don't see much impact as we discussed in the past David for this year obviously we've discussed and shared the inventory that we inherited and we're working through that right across the second half. Of course, we are and have been working incredibly hard across our supply chains both from a sourcing of materials perspective as well as from a labor perspective with all of our partners across the supply chain and what we have shared with you of course is that when we think of the FY '19 run rate of a 100 million to 115 million approximately half of that should be cogs and Kate of course will benefit from that directly, so very excited about that.  Just as importantly we're really excited of course about the opportunity to grow top line and that is a very significant work that the team is doing on maximizing the distribution for the brand not only here in North America but globally but also bringing in the talent that we have.  Nicola Glass is going to be wonderful, she's done this at scale, she's very experienced, she really understands the brand well. I've been partnering with her now for almost a month and I'm very excited with the rest of the team for the vision that she's creating for the Kate Spade brand and that's the next chapter.
Victor Luis: On the broader supply chain question Oli, we have been may be one of the first certainly in our space to dedicate resources to trying to digitize the backend of the process, one of the first investments we made was really on 3D technology to allow our design teams as well as our product development teams to work very closely with all of our vendors on the back end. And that is the process that continues, you will be a hearing a little bit more about some experimentation that we're going to be doing with digitizing from front to back to increased speed and agility in our supply chain.  In terms of the front end of the business, you just heard this morning the recruitment that we have made of David Kahn who has just joined us, he will be playing a dual role firstly foremost leading e-commerce for our largest brand partnership with Josh who has as you all know a great passion for all things digital and driving the strategies for couch.  At the same time leveraging that platform David will play a key role across all brand looking for opportunities for us to leverage innovation along with our data laps team across our digital platforms.  Some of the areas that we have been thinking about and I think you know that we have an incredible asset in our data, we've made substantial investment over the last couple of years across all three brands in technology with a Hadoop database investment. We currently have over 120 million names in that database and one of our key objectives is to leverage that data and recruiting the talent that allows us to obviously think about how we can not only approach consumers more directly in a more customize manner but also in terms of how we think about leveraging machine learning for the inventory management process internally, these are all areas that we're having discussions on and working on right now, so very exciting space indeed.
Victor Luis: I will let Josh chime in on the Coach promotion and gross margin in a minute but as you stated Lindsey in the case of Kate we really have been very, very focused on leveraging a much cleaner approach channels with the very important focus on reducing of course flash, not only in terms of number of events but also dramatic reduction in the actual circulation of our mainland's and as well as the work that we done across the disposition channel, so across Kate we seen very nice improvements in our gross margin and excited by what the future hold there as we head into a better inventory position in terms of quality of inventory in the second half and beyond and I will let Josh touch on that.
Victor Luis: I'll ask Kevin in a minute to talk about the SG&A timing shift but in terms of Kate's long term profitability, over the long term Simeon I don't see a reason why it could not be at Coach levels, obviously today with Kate Spade we have a business that is more North America centric, we have a business that's slightly heavier in ready to wear which is really structurally I would say some of the biggest differences but long term as we think about a handbag and accessories focused strategy, obviously global growth and a lot of the work that we are also doing across categories that Coach and Kate together we could see things normalizing to a similar level of profitability.
Victor Luis: I'm going to let Josh jump in here in a moment but as you suggest we are in the very early days learning a tremendous amount especially in terms of what is similar what is different amongst our portfolio of brands the largest of which you mentioned being Stuart Weitzman which is really a different business model given that it's fully or mostly manufactured in Spain where as Coach lumpy.  We have leveraged the lot of the lot of the fit technology of course across the Coach brand and now getting into what we could call the second inning of that rollout as I mentioned in my speakers note. So, I'll let Josh jump in, he is working very closely with the teams on the future strategy there.
Victor Luis: And for those of you who haven’t yet had the opportunity and love the footwear category and I know there is one or two of you out there please do visit Stuart Weitzman stores in the months ahead as Giovanni's collection hits because I think you will find a lot of wonderful emotional products.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. As is our custom, I just want to thank all of you and just as importantly thank the 20,000 global employees who drive our performance and make what we just announced possible. Our teams are all focused on great execution, bringing innovation to market and ensuring that consumers continue to engage with our great brands and I certainly could not be more excited by the opportunity for our brands and for Tapestry, as we continue to evolve as a house of desirable brands with very dedicated and talented global teams. Thank you. 
Josh Schulman: Hi Bob, as Victor mentioned in North America we outperformed the global performance and what we would say is that about one comp point either way would be similar and anything beyond that would be outperformance and we were just so pleased with the results in North America, it was really across business units stores and the internet and across channels and it was a combination I would say that are traffic in the malls that we see and heard about coupled with excellent execution on the part of our teams. 
Josh Schulman: Good morning, so I think it's really important as we talked about the logo trend to separate between the inventory issues that we experienced in outlet in Q1. As we moved into Q2 we were able to normalize our inventory in the ongoing carryover logo product that has always been a part of our outlet assortment.  As we look forward what we've been talking about is the re-introduction of signature which is a historic part of our brand as you know to our retail channel. And what we are seeing there is a part of global movement in luxury brands toward a higher penetration of logo product.  Now that has been absent from our retail assortments, these past few years during the brand transformation and that new product that appeared on Stuart Vevers run way in September will only hit our retail stores as part of the March 1st, floor set.  The editorial response and the response from the wholesale community, our most elevated partners around the world has been terrific on that more elevated product. So, whether it’s a Harper's Bazaar or appearing in the Neiman Marcus catalog, the most elevated partners are excited about the way Stuart introduced it in conjunction with a collaboration with the key pairing archives. We want to be very clear though that we're going to take a very measured approach and a very disciplined approach in how we reintroduce this into retail, a building on the organic demand that is by the way. I also want to clarify one point from your question, that the recruitment in our North America customer base rose during this period.
Josh Schulman: Hi there, in the Coach brand as expected and the North America outlet channel was more promotional in Q2 but far better than what we experienced in Q1 and I think you can see the results of that in the gross margin performance that the team was able to achieve in the second quarter.
Josh Schulman: Good morning, you know as you look at Q1 and Q2 you know obviously we had a variety of impacts in Q1 and then a nice inflection points in Q2 but as you spread them out it’s really a low single digit trend that we're seeing in the Coach brand. As we look to Q3 and beyond we're confident in our assortments and we're confident in the strategies that we have to continue driving a low single digit trend in Coach comps.
Josh Schulman: As Victor said I think we took a very delivered approach with the launch of footwear and so for the first season it was really establishing the codes of the house. And what in internally made Coach shoe has in terms of make and look, and really launched with a couple of key categories. What's hitting the stores now using expanded assortment focused on the direct classification and focused on enhanced rollout of sneakers. We are just opening our wholesale market here in network for the next season. And you will see more merchandising there along the thing good better best lines that we have in bag and introduction of other Coach from bags including the introduction of signature, in footwear again different classifications including cold weather more sport functions et cetera.  The other thing we have been delivered on is the distribution strategy. We started off with a tight number of wholesale orders in North America, taking doors down significantly from where the licensee had it. And now we are adding regions too so we will be launching in Europe as well where the brands will be placed in Kurt Geiger which is one of the preeminent footwear multi brand retailers in the UK and all of the best distribution in Europe as well. So, we are playing a long game here but we are excited about the next steps.
Kevin Wills: Good morning, as we think about the third and fourth quarter, we have given the guidance for the year. We would think from a modeling perspective the third quarter maybe in a flattish range and the gross margin with the fourth quarter up in part due to the softer gross margin performance we had in last year's fourth quarter.  And as you noted there was some timing shifts on the SG&A between the second quarter and the balance of the year. And we would expect the higher impacts of the SG&A probably in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Kevin Wills: Good morning Lindsay, this is Kevin, as it relates to your question on the '19 taxes. As you know there were a number of changes in the tax law and we outlined in the press release this morning those changes that we think would have the most material impact on the business.  We are currently in the process of working through all of those items, it’s fairly complex, we've done a lot of work but we will need until the end of this fiscal year to fully determine the final impact plus there may be additional regulatory guidance is issued on some of the tax law changes.  Having said that on a preliminary basis we would estimate their effective tax rate would go down by about 300 basis points versus what we would have expected so by way of example we originally guided fiscal year '18 effective tax rate in the 24 to 25 so you should think about fiscal year '19 maybe the 21 to 22% range. So about 300 basis points but again more work to come on that.
Kevin Wills: On the SG&A we did not give specific numbers but we would anticipate majority of that impact being in Q3.
