Joanne Crevoiserat: Okay. Sorry about that, Bob. You would think we get the mute button down by now. Good morning. I would say that our confidence begins with the standout results we delivered this fiscal year. Fiscal '21 was a year of successful transformation for the Company, and it was capped by a strong fourth quarter.  We saw sales trends improve every quarter of the year and exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter. For the year, we delivered record operating income and record operating margin as a multi-brand Company, despite the challenging backdrop. And we see momentum building as we enter Fiscal '22.  And you can see that in the outlook we shared. We expect to reach a record level of revenue for Fiscal '22 at $6.4 billion on mid-teens growth. And we see further uncapped potential longer term, particularly in digital and China, and those represent sustainable top and bottom-line growth vehicles going forward.  I think importantly, we're investing in long-term growth drivers, we're investing in marketing and we're investing in digital and our people. And while we've made significant progress this past year, we're just getting started. As Scott said, we're operating from a position of strength as a fundamentally different Company today.  We're reaching through our acceleration program, we took bold actions and we're now reaching new customers in new ways as a more agile organization. The actions we took not only delivered a strong year but positioned us to thrive on the other side of the pandemic. We're better equipped as a Company, I would say, to pull these levers, growth levers going forward.  We have new capabilities to engage consumers and drive higher lifetime value. And we have 4,000,000 new consumers that we acquired in the last year alone who are increasingly younger. We have -- we're delivering really strong gross margins at increasing AUR, showing pricing power in our brand, and we have a direct-to-consumer model building strength in digital and China with significant runway ahead.  And Scott also mentioned we have a strong team, and we continue to invest in our team to secure that competitive advantage. So I would say, overall, we're operating from a position of strength. We're building momentum and we see significant runway ahead for all of our brands.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We appear to be having technical difficulties, everyone. Hang in there. Hopefully, we'll be able to take all your questions, and even if we have to spend a little more time on the other side of the hour.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Erinn. This is Joanne. I'll jump right into the Kate Spade question. We are really pleased with our execution in Fiscal '21 and we made important progress. You noted the progress on margin, but we made important progress across the foundations of the brand. I'll just call out a few highlights.  Kate is highly digitally penetrated. We showed continued strength in the digital channel. It now represents nearly 35% of sales for the brand. We're acquiring new customers, 1.4 million new customers during the year, and we're reactivating customers at a more frequent rate. So 550,000 customers reactivated, a 35% increase from last year, and some of those customers are deeply lapsed customers.  So when we think about the Kate Spade brand and engaging consumers, and really building, rebuilding the brand, we made really important progress. And I would say that partly is due to the fact that we've re-energized our core handbag offering. [Indiscernible] and team have worked really quickly to build a stronger, more solid platform.  We're seeing traction across our leather platform with the Knot. Our signature platform we've talked about with the Spade Flower, and our Nylon platform with the re-imagined sandbag. And what we're seeing is the customer reacting to those changes in our assortment with increased global handbag AUR.  So with handbag AUR s moving higher, that's another sign of brand health. So longer term, we continue to have and see a path for Kate Spade to build to a $2 billion brand, and to your point, at significantly higher margins. We see a path to high teens margin opportunity. And as you compared versus Coach, Kate Spade is a true full lifestyle brand, and there are some differences to the Coach business today.  Kate Spade has, as I said, more lifestyle categories. And right now, as a brand, it's centered more North America. And Japan [Indiscernible] have as developed an international business. But we see those as opportunities moving forward.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Oliver. Let me jump on that and then I'll toss it to Todd to get into the details of Coach. As it relates to AUR, we've been really pleased with the AUR growth that we've seen across our brands in the past year and we've been focused on implementing, and embedding the structural changes in our organization to help us do that.  We are getting closer to our consumers, certainly, which is helping us deliver great product that our consumers value. Embedding data and insights into our processes more but we're also leveraging data to better manage our assortments. And you've seen that in the SKU count reductions we've made, and the way we've managed inventory across the world in an environment that has a lot of choppiness to it.  So those are structural changes that we've made and they have proven benefits on AUR and gross margin expansion over this year, and we expect that to continue. On your specific question on Coach, I'll let Todd talk about the success that he's seen.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. Driving engagement requires consistent and innovation. Innovation in products. We're learning a lot about those new customers and we're also engaging them in different ways. We're meeting our customers where they are and we're better capable to meet those customers and engage them with our data and analytics capabilities, with our increasing presence on social media, and the innovations we're bringing to life there.  And at the end of the day, it's about delivering great products. So taking those insights, and really understanding our consumer at a deeper level. And that's a lot of the foundation that we built this past year. is how do we really, truly understand our customer, our consumer, and embed that consumer and those insights in the product development process where our creative teams bring their terrific product and creativity to bear against things that consumers value. And our focus, moving ahead, is with all this new customer acquisitions, driving higher lifetime value with our consumers going forward.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start and maybe steal all of Scott's thunder here, but that has been -- we think stores matter. And as we focus on the consumer, it's about providing a seamless experience for our consumer regardless of where they choose to shop. And we've been incredibly successful at building a digital business and meeting our consumer on digital platforms.  But the store platform and that physical touchpoint is still important. If you go back a year, what we said is -- or more than a year now, we said, while stores are still important, we have higher profitability expectations for our fleet and productivity thresholds. We've taken bold actions to structure our fleet in that way, but we're also investing to make sure that that represents the right experience and the right physical touchpoint.  We're adding omnichannel capabilities for our consumers. And that's paying off. It's paying off on the top line but it's also because we've seen incremental growth in our brick-and-mortar fleet as the world recovers from the pandemic.  But what we've also seen importantly, and here's where I'm stealing a little bit of Scott's thunders, is we've seen operating margins of our store fleet actually above pre-pandemic levels even right now on depressed volume and a depressed traffic. So Scott, I don't know if there's anything you want to add. But I'll throw it to you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Brooke. I'll start with our marketing spend. And I would say that we, as part of our transformation, we have fundamentally restructured our P&L with a focus on, and we did that really with a focus on how we were going to engage consumers and needed to engage consumers and sort of the new world of retailing and a post-pandemic era.  And we've made significant changes within the P&L. Scott called it out in his prepared remarks, but 3% higher investments in marketing, and we've done that with confidence because with our new data and analytics capabilities, we're better able to measure the return on our marketing investments.  And our intention is to structure our business so that we can continue to engage consumers across all of our brands, and create that -- and continue to create and hop into growth. And we have seen tremendous traction over the past year based on these capabilities.  The investments that we're making in marketing are across the funnel, and I think that's important to know too because as we get better at measuring our returns, we're getting better at measuring returns across the full funnel. So it's not only performance marketing, but it is about brand-building and measuring our returns on those brand-building investments we're making.  Of course, digital is a priority, we're better able to engage consumers on many digital platforms, and we're driving innovation there. We've called out the work we've done on live streaming and TikTok with even organic and viral videos on TikTok. So we're continuing to innovate. We're investing across the funnel. And we think that is an important enabler as we look to unlock future growth.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning and hanging in there through our technical difficulties. Fiscal '21 was a transformational year for Tapestry. And I want to extend a huge thanks to our teams around the world for their unwavering passion and dedication to our business.  As we just talked about, the dynamics environment continues, but we're in a position of strength with a proven track record of success, and we have increasing conviction in our ability to accelerate top and bottom-line growth with a focus on delivering for all our stakeholders, our customers, our teams, our community, and our shareholders. I appreciate your interest in Tapestry. Have a great day.
Scott Roe: That -- Good to hear from you. That was quite a question, man. First of all, tactically, GSP, it's about 50 basis points from a margin standpoint. So, and you're right, I said in my prepared remarks second quarter. So that means a little bit of a drag in the first quarter as you're not seeing that take effect and our thought is that and hope is that it will be reestablished.  I think 10 out of the last 14 times this has come up it's been approved, so we have solid basis for making that assumption, but it's not done until it's done. So we wanted to give you all visibility into that. Observations about Tapestry, I'm going to take it a little higher level.  First of all, what a great team. I'd been so impressed by the people and the capabilities. This is a team that has taken bold action over the last -- we haven't wasted the pandemic and the focus around building those foundational platform capabilities is impressive. You see it in the numbers.  You see evidence of that and we've got three great brands that are focused on attractive market spaces, and we've got a lot of work to do. So over time, I see -- I laid out capital allocation priorities, which are investing in our great brands. That's our highest return today. Number 2, the dividend, we -- you saw we reinstated that, and returning cash to shareholders.  That's where our focus is right now. Longer-term, who knows what the future brings, but we've got really exciting opportunities with high returns right in front of us, and that's where we're going to be focused.
Scott Roe: We don't break down the guides specifically by brand, but obviously with, by the way, record earnings -- record top-line estimated 6.4 billion and with Coach being roughly 3 quarters of the total. You can assume that very strong top-line growth [Indiscernible] in, and really sequential across all the brands, right?  We're seeing the strong improvement that we saw last year continuing into this year. So growth in all, and I just know that you talked about top-line but we're also returning to profitability on Stuart(ph) next year is our expectation. So really, really strong continued momentum across all but of course, Coach just [Indiscernible] mathematics is driving the lion's share of that.
Scott Roe: Yeah, sure, Mark. We've talked about next year that we're consolidating these record margins and even expect slight improvement next year. And as it relates to SG&A -- So that's the overall picture. As it relates to SG&A, remember what Joanne said. We're saying it's about flat or in the neighborhood as last year as a percentage of sales.  But underneath that, there's a lot going on. We continue to invest in those platforms and growth drivers for the long term. Joanne mentioned marketing. I had it in my prepared remarks, our digital capabilities, analytics, etc.  But underneath that, the acceleration program, and as the savings according or attendant to that have given us the ability to see leverage elsewhere. So some of these things are certainly variable, right? I mean, we can -- we flex and we do. Based on the data and analytics, and the insights that we see, we lean into marketing where we see that we have returns.  Certainly, those are choices that we can make, and we do have some optionality, and variability in the model. But I got to tell you, we're seeing results from continuing to invest, creating that flywheel effect, and based on our confidence of reinvesting back in our business, it's our intent to continue to do so. As evidenced by the strong trend, leaving the fourth quarter and leading into the guidance we just talked about for next year.
Scott Roe: That's pretty comprehensive. The only -- it's really impressive. I just have to compliment the team on -- at the same time rationalizing and having topline, being down a little bit, the quality of the underlying remaining fleet in the profitability through pandemic is there's pretty impressive.  The other thing I would just say is, as we think about the omnichannel journey that we're on, remember Joanne's comment, a billion dollars more in digital at the same time, we're rationalizing, getting more profitable and brick-and-mortar, we're reinforcing the Omni-experience and added $1.6 billion of sale.  That's a billion dollars in 2 years. So it's not just one channel and increasingly it's how we meet that consumer where she is. And it's pretty impressive from my perspective, [Indiscernible] we've managed both of these channels, increasing profitability and at the same time, finding a foundation for future growth.
Scott Roe: First of all, Michael, good to talk to you again. As usual, very thorough and comprehensive on your insights here. So let's start with capital allocation and how we're thinking about. I think a little context first is important. First of all, don't lose the message here.  The reinstatement of the dividend, the reinstatement of the repurchase program, $750 million intended return of cash is really a testament to our underlying confidence in the business. So that -- I think that's the important message here.  And if you think about the journey over the last year, early on in COVID, given the massive uncertainty, and demand issues, we took a lot of actions to protect liquidity, to protect the enterprise with our rating agencies, bankers, bondholders, et cetera, there was a commitment on deleveraging in the glide path that we laid out.  So the great news here is we're able to not only advance on that glide path and even be a little ahead of it -- You heard us mentioned paying off the $400 million of debt at the end of this fiscal year, which is our intent and reinstate the dividend. And we still have a strong balance sheet, and we still have ample cash.  We're in between these two periods, right? Where we see much more confidence, and that's why we've stated the aggressive return to shareholder cash, returning cash to shareholders. But at the same time, we think it's prudent to take to keep a little elevated cash position given the uncertainty of the environment.  So my comment was really intended to signal that while we're definitely in a more confident position, we're engaging and repurchases and dividends. we're still maintaining an elevated buffer until we get better line of sight on what COVID Delta variant, etc. beyond uncertainty, how that evolves.  Once we have that confidence, there is no reason to that we wouldn't be -- go back to kind of normal levels and we have opportunities to be even a little more aggressive from a return of cash to shareholders. So that was the intent, right? To say, we're not going ditch to ditch here. Right?  We've made progress, but we want to watch the uncertainty. As it relates to margin flows, again, I'd point you back SG&A, the picture there is the tale of two things. We have the benefits around acceleration, which are providing leverage throughout the P&L and allowed us to reinvest. Obviously, in a very -- we have variability and we're making choices.  Those choices are based on the insights and data that we have. And we've seen it pay off, right? So that's why we've given guidance that says we do expect to expand margins next year. Should we get more upside? Would some of that flow through?  Depends, yes, likely, but we're also going to look at where we can lean in and advance our platforms and capabilities for the future. But we expect expanding margins and you should expect that some of that would flow through as we see upside.
Scott Roe: And Brooke, as it relates to elevated costs that we're seeing, we are seeing some elevated costs primarily due to expedited freight, airfreight, essentially, as we absorb and deal with the supply chain disruptions that we see. And our outlook reflects additional airfreight really through the holiday period, which is as far as we can see in terms of getting the deliveries and trying to maintain the strong momentum we have.  You heard Joanne say it, right? We've -- The great those here is demand for our brands is strong. And while we see some disruption, we're taking bold actions, and we got out ahead of this a little bit in terms of securing as much supply as we can to keep that strong momentum going.  We talked about gross margins being roughly equal to this year. And then that means we're consolidating on record-high gross margins, up 300 basis points versus a couple of years ago. And underneath that, we have some elevated costs related expedited freight.  We also see the continuing build in AUR pricing leverage less discount, and the general trend of the business which is helping us offset that. So those are the puts and the takes. I would say though by quarter, it's not necessarily going to be a straight line. We're going to see, as some of this freight cost turns into the P&L, it may not come exactly matched with some of the price increases, but overtime for the year that's the picture that we see.
Scott Roe: Kevin, maybe I'll take that one or at least start. So first of all, yes, we had a great performance from an inventory standpoint. For all the reasons that have already been said and done versus last couple of years. This is part of a very focused effort and simplify, and reducing SKU and seeing real progress there, and it's one of the factors for cash flow.  But as we look to next year, we are going to see elevated inventory positions, starting in the first quarter. And the reason for that is twofold. Number one, just supporting the growth of the business. Number two, we're expedited, as I said, what we can to bring in inventory, whether it be even by air or by sea. sea, we're getting inventory in as fast as we can reasonably do in order to keep the momentum of the business.  And those factors together are going to be a slightly elevated increase in inventory, but I have no concerns about this at all. This is inventory that is supporting the trend of the business. And frankly, if we could get more, we probably would. So you're going to see that dynamic play out. It's not significant, but understand what's really driving it.  And you asked about our ability to chase. Listen, we're doing what we can. I just told you, expedited air freight. We're looking to I think we were quick to get in front of our suppliers and we've secured what we can. So to the best of our ability, we will chase it. It's going to be a difficult environment to chase, frankly, given the dynamic in the short term. But we feel good about all the levers that are in our control to set us up as well as we can.
Todd Kahn: Just picking up on Coach. We were really pleased with the continued AUR growth we saw in handbags this quarter. In fact, it was the 9th quarter in a row that we increased our AUR and it really was led by North America. And we don't disaggregate AUR by channel, but I will tell you both channels had increases in AUR and we feel really pleased with what we're accomplishing and what we can accomplish in front of us.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you. We are really pleased with how we've changed the brand very materially over the last year, partly because of the acceleration program and probably because we really changed the conversation with our customer from leaning in, and the call to action being around price and promotion, to move to value and values.  And this has really fundamentally changed us, and there has really increased our AUR. Our approach to how we merchandise is fundamentally different. We have reduced our SKUs, but we've leaned into Icon and Stewart [Indiscernible] (ph) and the creative team have been getting data from the customer and really leaning in.  So, you mentioned Tabby. Tabby is a brand -- is a collection we launched in June of 2019. By February of 2021, it would normally have been out of the mix. Instead, we doubled down, we re-launched it with Pillow Tabby. It became the number one bag. You saw this month we've launched Soft Tabby, and then we're going to see Pillow Tabby reemerge.  So having these iconic styles that are not so pressured by short selling window, really materially changes our outlook. And then regarding lifestyle, one of the opportunities I think we have is, well we call it [Indiscernible]. Men's product is an all-gender product often. And one of the things we recognize is we can do better, not necessarily merchandising at exactly the same way we merchandise historically women's product.  So you'll see us mix in more outerwear, more cut and sew opportunities. And it is really resonating with our customer. And then finally, I'm a big believer, and have been for many years, in the opportunities that we have with footwear.  And you're seeing it as win in those category, both in our own stores, retail and outlet, but even in wholesale, which is obviously a very competitive environment, but is the most democratic environment. And when we're winning there, we know we actually are winning in the category.
Todd Kahn: One thing and at the risk of piling on. What we've seen in North America, which really builds well for our store fleet is, with all of this digital growth, as we see a return to traffic in stores, in those areas, we have not seen our digital penetration, our digital sales in those areas shrink. So the wonderful thing, and this really brings home the point.  It is an omni world. It's an not an or. We see our ability to continue to grow digital, while seeing very profitable interaction in our stores as traffic returns.
Todd Kahn: Got took the words out of my mouth. I would be happy to get whatever we can. We feel really, really good about our holiday offering. And again, going back to what we said before, our iconic styles really diminishes that sort of markdown risks that you think about in our space.  And we feel exceptionally good about what we have coming and our ability to respond because again, the demand is there. We're seeing the demand. And that is the most important thing in our industry. And now, satisfying that demand in the ways that our customer wants to see us, whether that's brick-and-mortar or digital is how we're going to go about capturing it.
