Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, let me first say, the category continues to grow worldwide. And here in the U.S., it's growing on at about a 10% level on the women's side. And on the men's side, of course, at a faster level. We are a dual-gender brand. And while our growth on the women's side are equaled to the category, during the last quarter, our overall growth exceeded the over -- the dual-gender growth in premium bags and accessories. So there's a lot of opportunity. First, with regard to Men's, as Mike indicated, our business is on-track to double to over $400 million this year globally, which represents about 8% of our sales. We believe next year, it will be well in excess of 10% of our business. And we are accelerating the introduction of Men's into a much broader range of our full-priced stores and shop-in-shops worldwide. So we're looking to capitalize on the growing category and the strength of the product offering and, of course, our growing brand loyalty in this category. Secondly, and more broadly on the product front, as Mike indicated and we've talked about many times, Bob, the launching of Legacy, which is a global lifestyle brand of concept, which is a dual gender, and we are using that to re-platform our full-priced stores. And we have enormous optimism for what that group is going to do. Mike mentioned our pilots are doing really well, so a combination of Men's and the re-platforming on the women's side to really focus on Legacy. And of course, internationally, we have an enormous opportunity with the much larger role that Men's plays in markets such as China to truly establish ourselves as a dual-gender brand. The digital side should also be referenced, Bob. We're so excited about the progress we've made in this last year to harness its power and to really give consumers an opportunity to shop wherever they choose to shop. And with our very robust 15 million database in North America, it gives us great, great opportunities.
Lew Frankfort: You said it better than we've said it. The reality is that we could have driven higher comps if we wanted to, but we are -- we have a very strong long-term view, and what we're doing is in the interest of the brand. And as Jane indicated, we expect comps this quarter to be at least as high as they were last quarter. And we urge you to understand that we have a robust international diversified business model. We have great opportunities, and we feel very pleased with where we are and where we came out and what the future bodes for us.
Lew Frankfort: Lots of questions embedded in your question. Let me ask Jerry, if he would, to talk a bit more about runway on gross margin, and you may even want to talk to -- what Mike referenced earlier about our pricing latitude on the factory side to give us improved margins over time.
Lew Frankfort: I think pretty much everything has been said. We continue extremely optimistic about what the future bodes for us. We do continue to believe we have unlimited opportunities. If you were to visit us here at our 516 building, you would see a level of excitement among staff at all levels that hasn't been here for many years. The growth in Men's and the opportunities there, along with the dual-gender Legacy, has led us to look at the business in a very bold and aggressive way.  So as we've said before, stay tuned. There's a lot to come. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: David, I think that, right now, we're comfortable with our guidance, which says that we'll continue to see margin expansion in the fourth quarter and that we'll be about similar levels to FY '11. And as is our custom, we'll come back in the fourth quarter and give you our best outlook for FY '13. As always, we continue to look for initiatives, such as counter sourcing, designing into cost, putting our manufacturing base, diversifying it outside of China. Those are ongoing initiatives that we continue to focus on to drive gross margin, and we're very happy with the results that we've seen in our results in the factory initiative.
Jane Nielsen: And, Omar, if you look at these on a financial basis, they are very value-creating transactions over time. We -- as we've discussed before, there's some first-year dislocations as we buyback the inventory at wholesale cost, and we assume all of the SG&A of the entity that we purchased. But over time, they are very value creating. We're very happy with the deals that we've announced.
Jane Nielsen: Well, as you know, the margins in our China business, our Japan business are very attractive. Overall, we're very happy with the gross margins that we have internationally. Over time, our international growth is a margin enhancer for total Coach, so we're very encouraged by that. We expect that our acquired businesses will also be margin enhancing for Coach after we get through that initial transition period, where we're working through the inventory that was bought back at wholesale level.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Why don't I start with the tsunami impact in Japan? If you -- overall, in the third quarter, the impact of the tsunami was about 9% in the third quarter last year. So our growth of 10% shows that we're back in this quarter to pre-tsunami levels. In the fourth quarter, we were down about 7% in local currency. That excludes the 53rd week, and that was all due to the impact of the tsunami. In terms of gross margins, we really view it as multiple initiatives. So obviously, our sourcing initiative is very important to counterbalance labor inflation. Counter sourcing is very important for us on the material side. And gross margin expansion is also very linked to our attractive mix of countries as we grow international. There are really a multiple of levers that we're all working at the same time. Some are producing more sometimes, some are producing a little less, and they're growing over time.
Michael D. Tucci: Just to elaborate a little bit on the pricing piece of the margin equation here, we spent a lot of time on the sourcing and supply side to really work through our scale, our unit advantages, the tremendous work that Jerry and his team have done to building costing opportunity. And what we saw with the all-store discounting is sort of a blanket effect on promotional stance in factory stores. And with the underlying strength in the business coming out of Q2, we really made the determination that we could get away from that and leverage cost savings by being more targeted in the way that we market to our consumer and offer value to the consumer in the factory channel. We still had very strong productivity gains there, strong comps, and we were able to build in margin advantage, taking advantage of the costing opportunities that existed. So we believe that it is long term. We're working it every day. We continue to probe and test for ideas around how we can play. We realize the factory is a value channel, and we'll continue to be aggressive there. But the early gains for us around margin and maintaining strong productivity are very attractive, and we want to push hard as we move into the fall season to really take advantage of that.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes, good question. Actually, part of your question is really where the answer is. We went back in with the Legacy launch, which is targeted for late July, and we put together a plan in our stores. Lew used the phrase re-platforming to create a real strong visual presence in our stores around marketing and product presentation, using the launch of Legacy as the catalyst. And we identified actually, to be precise, 108 stores that will get what I would call a more supercharged effort around presentation and physical enhancement. Coincidental with that, we also looked at our Men's proposition at 42 stores with shops or more expanded Men's presence and quickly made the leap and said, "Can we get Men's advanced and expanded in those 100 stores to take advantage of the duality between Legacy, the strength of the women's proposition and putting Men's in at the same time?" That is all happening as we speak and will be front and center for the Legacy launch. We are, at the same time, looking at the balance of our 250 stores for further opportunity. We are working hard on lease expirations and opportunities for expansion in our primary mall locations. So this will be an ongoing effort. And my sense is that every quarter or every season, we'll have an opportunity to layer in more Men's shops as we get deeper into the fleet and as we get more empirical experience on the improved productivity that Men's gives us by adding it to an existing women's store. My goal would be to get a stronger Men's presence in all stores very quickly. For competitive reasons, I'm not going to elaborate further, but we are doing things to bring Men's products closer to our consumers in all stores through technology and other marketing advantages that we have that we'll continue to probe on in piloting. You'll see us doing more with that in the marketplace very soon as well.
Michael D. Tucci: I think what you'll see with regard to Legacy and Men's is a very holistic and complete approach to our marketing strategy.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. I'm actually very pleased with where we are from a traffic standpoint. And, Brian, we look at things in the aggregate. Traffic was up in full price and factory. In-store traffic, as we said, was similar to prior levels. Where we see opportunity is this idea that we can drive excitement into our stores with further introduction of the Men's concept and the launch of Legacy. And our optimism there is significant. It's an opportunity for us to show significant excitement and product advancements to the consumer, and that's where we see the opportunity.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. On the pricing and marketing within factory, we do see it as long -- as a long-term strategy. There will always be puts and takes in terms of metrics, but the initial results are very, very strong and encouraging. Again, we're doing this from a position of underlying strength, leveraging the product offer, the pricing opportunity in our factory stores, the robust trends in traffic, conversion, ADT within the channel and also leveraging this idea of dual channel in factory around the digital opportunity to a targeted and discrete audience. The overall driver of comp is that transactions are up, and that's what we want to focus on. We want to focus on productivity and enhancing as best we can across the metrics for the long term.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes. We really had very, very strong balance in handbags. Average unit retail in total were up slightly, over 400 penetrations were even. And very, very important here, remember that we introduced Willis in the quarter, and it was a key driver for us. And that's a handbag retail at around $300. So we feel like we hit a very strong balance tone in the quarter around handbag. I think the last question was around roles, and why don't I just add a couple of thoughts on that? One is I'm very excited about the opportunity within North America, really, to take a 360 view of our customer across all channels. We have a very strong position in department stores, tremendous relationships with our key partners there, premium positioning within the handbag world in department stores and an opportunity for us to really expand and grow our business in a very important channel to us from a consumer standpoint. And I'm excited about getting involved with that, particularly on the eve of the Legacy launch.
Victor Luis: Sure. In essence, when we're buying these businesses back, we are creating the teams in-market from scratch. In certain cases, of course, inheriting team members from our distributors and then hiring new, specifically, general management into place as well. At the same time, we are leveraging the infrastructure that we have invested in Shanghai to support these businesses across the region, specifically, as we've mentioned in past calls, our Asia distribution center, which supports across the region, as well as shared services across IS logistics and then transactional accounting, payroll and the like, which allow us to get some leverage from the infrastructure that we have going in. Saying that, there is a buildup that happens domestically in the markets, and usually, there is a 6-month challenge. We have to purchase back inventory, which has an impact, of course, as well as getting the store performance up. Usually, we're having to make a substantial investment in store staff to get what we refer to as the traffic per -- our TPLH numbers in line with our international standards. Traffic per labor hour is the measure that we use for those who are not familiar with TPLH.
Victor Luis: Sure. First, I would just reiterate that we're extremely pleased, as Lew mentioned, with our terrific growth in the quarter, which at 60% is similar to the growth that we experienced last quarter, and we remain very much on-target to achieve our target of $300 million, which we announced last October. As Lew also mentioned, there was a shift in the drivers of growth this quarter with more of the sales increase coming from new doors which are performing ahead of our plans. Specifically, what we're seeing in terms of comp within China is increased travel and purchases internationally, especially from the Tier 1 consumers, which would be these consumers from Shanghai, Beijing going more overseas. While the Tier 2 and Tier 3 consumers, these consumers in second and third tier cities, shopping closer to home, driving our non-comp sale. I would remind us that we're now at 32 cities across China, still a very small portion of the 120-or-so cities that have a population of 1 million or more. And indeed, of the 18 locations that we've opened year-to-date in China, 14 have been in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. And all but one of the locations that we will open this quarter are also in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. And these are cities that will benefit disproportionately from the growth of the middle class and Chinese government investments in infrastructure. And longer term, as we think about as well the fact that GDP consumption, as a percentage of GDP in China, is at 35% compared with the 70% here in the U.S., of course, these vast majority of Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities will also be drivers within the longer-term opportunity for us. Specifically, in terms of the models in new stores to the second part of your question, we have the same multichannel strategy in China that we leverage globally, opening up flagship stores, retail stores in shopping malls, locations in department stores and factory outlets. And of course, each of these channels are at different levels within different cities. And the opportunity for us is always, first and foremost, to focus on providing the brand with a very good position in each of the markets and then expanding from there. We tend to first open within luxury malls, first and foremost, expanding then to department stores and more bridge or fashion malls as they develop. And the opportunity there is quite massive, as most of these second- and third-tier cities still do not have these locations as they're only on the drawing boards today, and then eventually, of course, into factory outlet malls, which will undoubtedly be a massive opportunity long term within the China market. And they are only now beginning to gain a little bit of traction.
Victor Luis: Sure. So my responsibilities have increased to include all of our indirect businesses outside of North America, so all of our wholesale operations, including, of course, our global duty-free businesses. And as Mike, I'm very excited about that opportunity where we can, of course, leverage the learnings from our consumers who are increasingly global consumers, and in doing so, also partner with Mike, of course, in capturing that opportunity here in the U.S., so truly looking to scale the teams that we have in place and to drive our businesses as a truly global operation.
