Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we did deliver a solid quarter, which reinforces our confidence in our strategy and showcases the benefits of our globally diversified business and our direct-to-consumer business model. And I want to take a minute before I start to recognize our teams around the world who continue to drive our results. We are pleased not only in our top line growth, but the significant gross margin expansion we delivered and we're deliberately managing our brands and our business for the long term. In North America, results in the third quarter were better than expected, although the trends did soften as the quarter progressed and that continued into April. The backdrop is increasingly challenging, and we are seeing a more cautious consumer. We've incorporated this trend into our guidance for Q4. What you've seen in the third quarter is we're committed to being disciplined financial operators with a focus on driving healthy growth, both with a focus on margins and brand health. Conversely, our business in China is accelerating. As Scott mentioned, we drove double-digit growth in stores, online and in wholesale in the quarter. And importantly, at a constant currency basis, we're growing above our previous peak from FY '21. And I think another important fact is that we're building momentum with strong growth across the balance of Asia. And that business is now also about 15% of our total business. And I just got back from being in China and Southeast Asia, and I am so impressed with our teams and how they've navigated the challenges in the environment. We've been in China with Coach, as you know, for 2 decades, and our teams are a differentiator. I saw this clearly during our travels. And it's a real competitive advantage for us. It's setting our brands apart, they're delivering innovation and connecting with our customers. And the confidence we have in our performance gives us long-term confidence. Over the last 3 years, we've proven our ability to drive earnings growth in the face of a dynamic environment and headwinds in the market. The third quarter was no different. Our performance, I think, highlights our strength -- the strength of our globally diversified business, again, in our direct-to-consumer business model, and it showcases the strength of our brands around the world. We'll continue to build on this strength, and we see tremendous runway ahead across our portfolio.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, Lorraine, the promotional environment exists. It always exists. I think we see an active promotional environment in the context of doing business in North America. But we have been very disciplined in terms of how we think about our brands and our -- how we go to market. We continue to see pricing power across our portfolio. We delivered AUR gains and gross margin increases across the portfolio, and we expect that to continue. It really starts with great product, and our teams are innovating and delivering compelling products that consumers desire. We're achieving and exceeding our revenue targets on higher gross margins again across the portfolio, which is evidence that being close to the consumer and delivering this product, it's working. We're going to remain agile. We do see further opportunity for AUR gains and gross margin growth. I think I'll probably kick it to Todd, who is Coach brand, which is further on the journey here to driving AUR gains and really understanding the customer and managing the business extremely well. So Todd, I'll let you add some color right.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So in terms of what we're seeing in North America, we're seeing the trends and the softness really more broad-based. So we're not seeing it targeted to any one specific consumer group. As we look across our business. And as you may know, our brands and our customer average household income is around that $100,000 mark, and that's true across channels. And so what we saw in the quarter was just a generally more cautious consumer. And we are managing our business responsibly and to drive brand health. So continue to see pricing power within that context, but just a more cautious consumer overall. And that's what we've embedded in our guidance as we go forward so that we have realistic expectations about what the market is providing. We're managing a global business. So we are seeing strength in other parts of our business. We have the agility to respond to those differing demand trends and continue to manage our business in a healthy way. So our outlook, and we raised our outlook shows that in our expectation for increased margin continuing gross margins and continuing in Q4. So that's how we're thinking about the consumer and how we're managing our business. On consumer acquisition at Coach, yes, I'll pass it to Todd, maybe give you some color on that.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me kick it off here, but we're winning in China, and we are seeing and able to capture momentum in the domestic market in China. And again, we talked about double-digit increase across all channels. We have a very strong brick-and-mortar presence in the market and 2 decades of experience in the market with understanding consumers. We've built a digital business and are on multiple platforms as we follow the consumer in the market. So we feel very well positioned to meet and deliver meet that demand. and deliver for customers in the market. To your point, we're seeing some shifts as they come out of the COVID restrictions. We're seeing more domestic travel. So we're capturing more business in Hong Kong, Macau, and in Hainan, which is a strong businesses for us. We have yet to see a resumption of international travel at the levels that it was pre-pandemic. But again, we're driving significant growth in Southeast Asia, which is a market that the Chinese consumer used to travel to quite a bit. We're seeing and delivering significant growth today with a more domestic consumer. And we're well positioned in that market to capture the international inbound Chinese consumer as that unfolds as well as in Europe and in North America. So those trends have changed. We're not back to prepandemic levels of travel. We're capturing the demand we see in the mainland based on our deep experience there. And we are well positioned in the rest of the world as those international travel trends improve.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. I can kick it off with a question on our fleet. We were pleased actually to see the brick-and-mortar sales continue to grow. We drove low teens growth in brick-and-mortar. And I continue to say we have the best teams in the business and having customers and welcoming customers back to our stores gives us an opportunity to have our associates connect our customers more deeply with our brands. And it's a terrific experience if you've been in our stores, hopefully, you know that. But we also have digital capabilities to meet the customer where they are. And that's proved to be a really strong investment, and we continue to improve the experience we're delivering both in brick-and-mortar but as well as online. And as we evaluate our fleet, we continue to prune and make sure that we have high profitability and productivity thresholds for our stores. And that's a constant evolution. So you will see us make changes to our fleet, but we see opportunities to grow overall in stores. And as we laid out in our Investor Day, we see the opportunity to grow our store fleet. I think we said 100 stores growth over that time period, 50 to 100 stores of growth over that time period. And most of that store growth we see happening in Asia. So in the other markets, you'll see us open some and maybe close on relocate, remodel. But maybe I'll pass it to Scott, he can give you the actual numbers, but that's how we think about strategically think about the fleets and managing it.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in our story. Today, we reported a strong third quarter and raised our outlook for the full year. This is a testament to our incredible global teams who continue to drive our results. Our performance also reinforces the power of our brands and our globally diversified direct-to-consumer business model. These competitive advantages are clearly differentiated results. We're confident in our strategy and our runway is significant. We remain focused on driving sustainable growth and shareholder returns into the future. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Scott Roe: Yes, sure. Thanks, Joe. Yes, we recently made comments around our confidence in the $5-plus EPS target that we laid out in our Investor Day, and we tell you a little bit why we had that confident in right? It's been a volatile and certain demand environment, and we're really focused on the things we can control, and there are certain things we can't. But we're -- we said it repeatedly, we're not chasing the last dollar. We're being disciplined. And I think this year is a great testament to that. It certainly developed differently than we thought. But when we look at the way in which we're operating, the strong gross margin performance, coupled with our inventories being in great shape. It's evidence of strong discipline, the pricing power of the brand. And we continue to invest in growth longer term. And at the same time, using the great insight we have the 90% direct-to-consumer and that data. We're really rigorous on the returns on those investments and making sure that they're paying off and that they're driving future quality growth. So you put these things together, and you're right, it's hard to see what the demand is going to look like, but we're gaining more and more confidence in our ability to deliver earnings just as we did this year, and we see that discipline being an even more important differentiator going forward. Now a little bit about maybe the shape of that, just to help you, you're probably doing some modeling here, and many of you are, we would expect our path to $5 to be a little more weighted to '25 versus '24. And the reason for that is we've seen moderated North American performance, but we're a global diversified model, and we're seeing an acceleration in China. So you put those together, we see a little more back-weighted in '25.
Scott Roe: Yes, building on the second part. I think just going back to what Todd said earlier, it's -- our model right now and how we think about the trade-offs of profit and investment, we're not getting profit through SG&A cuts, right? We're getting it through quality growth. And Todd comment about leaning into engagement versus price, the discipline that goes around that, getting price increases driving those gross margins. That's why we're so focused on gross margins. that allows us to both continue to invest in the business and drive that emotional connection and at the same time, deliver profitability. And just finally, linking back to what I said before, we're being really rigorous about making sure we're getting these investments. And some things work and we lean in, some things don't work, and we're quick to cut them off. And I think that's just the evidence of when we say disciplined operators. We're really looking at this with a lot of rigor right now.
Scott Roe: Todd, just to build on to, yes, just to build on that, Oliver, too, just you asked a little bit about differentiation in channels, if I understood it right. We don't really see any material trend differences between retail or outlet across Tapestry, just for your information.
Scott Roe: Yes, you had it, Joanne, around 180, I think Christine is telling me 70. So -- but the important thing is we're managing our lease terms effectively. We can turn the entire fleet. We have about a 4-year average term. And underneath that, we're always finding certain areas that are trending down, and we're moving out of those and we're finding new areas that make sense given our insight into the consumer and where they're at and where they want to shop. So there's what I call the normal hygiene that's going on underneath that. But no huge changes in the fleet size is just the growth, which is mostly outside of the U.S. As it relates to gross margin, just a quick comment. We're obviously not going to give any guidance or specifics. But if you think about it, there's there's puts and takes that are always happening. We see leather prices moderating. We continue to see hardware and some of the other componentry having upward pressure, labor is a continued upward pressure. But to me, the most important thing is what Todd said earlier, it's the focus on engagement with the customer, the insights that we have and increases our batting average to make good decisions. We're investing behind the brands. And ultimately, that means pricing power. So why do I have confidence in our gross margin, it's pricing power, the insights that we have. The shape of the business will help us a little bit as we go forward to the recovery of of China and our Asia business is generally higher margin too. So from a mix standpoint, that will benefit us over time.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. And in the last 3 years, I've been waiting for that nonpromotional environment to about I haven't yet seen it. What we have seen is in the last 3 years, we've increased our AUR by 30%. And I'm optimistic about the continued growth of our AUR at Coach for 4 main reasons. First, our innovation and storytelling, particularly when we talk about handbags and SLGs. I think what you saw this last year since we've created expressive luxury is taking our purpose campaign and tying it to an actual product. And that is a differentiator from us and maybe our close-in competitors. Second, something we've talked about quite a bit, emotion always trumps price. And when you look at the small back phenomenon that we've experienced some of our highest fares, particularly in our value channel, command some of the smallest bags commanding the highest AUR. So we feel very good about that. Third, the white space that exists today between traditional European luxury where Coach play is the largest we've ever experienced. So that gives us a lot of room to continue to show the consumer the value of our products. And finally, something that both Joanne and Scott talk about quite a bit is our tight inventory control. Since we started our innovation and our transformation 3 years ago, we cut out about 50% -- almost 50% of our SKU count. That allows us to focus meaningfully on key family which reduces the liability that we had historically had to carry. So I think those 4 things combined gives me a lot of confidence that we still have a way to go on AUR growth. And as Scott said, we're not chasing top line. We are securing our margins, building a new customer base who are transacting at higher AURs.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Joanne. What we said this last quarter, we acquired over 800,000 new customers in North America alone. And if you look back at the last almost a year. Our customer acquisition is really doing quite well. And what we're seeing is our strategy of focusing in a younger millennial and Gen Z consumer is working. About half of the new customers are that younger cohort. Interestingly, they are transacting at higher AURs. So it is a self-fulfilling benefit to us. Additionally, what is important is we're retaining our existing customers. we're not firing our current customers. So we welcome everyone in the Coach family. But what I'd love to hear is -- not only is it my brand for my mom, it's a brand for me now. And that's what we're hearing more and more and that's what's exciting. And that's what gives us confidence that our strategy is working.
Todd Kahn: I was worried I wasn't going to get my quota of questions for Coach, but clearly, we have achieved that now based on that. Joanne, I guess I'll take this and then you. Give some views on everything else. So Oliver, you're right about Coachtopia. It's been an overnight success, 2 years in the making. And we are very proud of what we've accomplished with Coach Topia. And what we started off was this idea that both Coach and Tapestry do incredible work on sustainability, but we were always getting full credit for it. So we wanted to create a sub-brand that highlighted those efforts. We also recognized there was an opportunity to co-create with Gen Z and millennials. And today, we have a community over -- a community of over 120 coached open who are inspiring us and providing key input on the development of the product. We will be scaling Coachtopia. I'd like to say this is not a vanity project, but we will be -- but it will become a large and profitable business. And you're exactly right in calling out that the concept of Coachtopia is to take learning that we've developed in product and material and usage of waste and applying those into coach. And over the long term, that will have an absolute benefit in reducing our COGS. And so we're excited by that opportunity. In outlet and in North America, I think it's key that we must and will continue to innovate product offerings and ideas through all of our channels. And we're seeing that. We're seeing great results in both brick-and-mortar outlet and outlet.com in North America as well as our full price business. And 1 of the things we've talked about in the past is our most valued customers in their lifetime value are those who shop in all 4 quadrants of our business. So we will continue to use data. We've experimented as Joanne said, both of us just came back from Asia. One of the things we're doing so well in Asia is the outlet stores are some of the most beautiful, compelling stores in our fleet. We've put in Taavi product, full price, no discounting, and it's driving real sales there. So we're taking some of those learnings and applying them in the U.S. One of the opportunities is we've grown on both coach.com and coachoutlet.com, is that we see the consumer cross-shopping in a beneficial way. So this opportunity, if client of ours comes into a coach outlook looking for tapping, we want to satisfy that demand. So it's very exciting. I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow both channels very profitably.
