Victor Luis: First, I think, to your first question in terms of guidance for FY20. There are two important themes as we target mid-single-digit topline growth with the double-digit operating income and EPS growth. The first theme is lapping key investments that we've made and the second theme is traction from the brand investment that we’ve made, specifically around Stuart Weitzman, and of course Kate. So, more specifically, as we enter Q4 of this fiscal year, we will have lapped all of the strategic brand investments, especially in Asia where we bought back, as all of you are aware, distribution for Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. And by the end of Q3, that will mostly be behind us. And I can share with you all that I’ve spent some time with those teams on the ground in December. And we have really talented and very-focused teams there and we’re getting [Technical Difficulty]
Victor Luis: Okay, great. Thank you. Sorry about that everyone. We lost one of our mics there for some reason. I’m just going to start at the beginning, Bob, with your question because I’m not sure when we lost the line and that first mic. But, as I was suggesting, two very important themes, one is lapping the key investments that we’ve made and two is the traction that we are getting from key brand investments that we are making, specifically around Stuart and Kate. And more specifically around those two themes, as we enter the fourth quarter, we will have comped all of the investments and the distribution, buy backs in Asia, especially in the key China market for both Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade. And as I was sharing, I’m not sure if you guys heard during the call, but I visited those teams in December and can share my excitement, not only by the strength of the talent that we have on the ground and the investment that we’ve made in structure but the performance that they are already driving for us, which of course we start comping from the fourth quarter. Also, as you heard in our speakers’ notes, we are really pleased with the successful implementation of the SAP S4 HANA platform. We were the first and are the first company globally to be on this new version of SAP. It started with the implementation and finance for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman early last quarter and just this week in fact where on day two, we have implemented the entire foundation of this platform in Kate Spade including supply chain, logistics and the systems and cost savings that we expect from that and system efficiencies, have given us the confidence, along with the continued experience that we have in operating as a multibrand model to look for more efficiencies in the organization, which we discussed as well and Kevin touched up, as we move forward. As a result, by I would say Q4, we will be closer to the growth rates that we actually expect in FY20, having comped both the strategic investments and benefiting from the brand inflections that we expect in Stuart Weitzman as we comp last year's issues that we experienced, and you saw some of that already in the last quarter, as well as Kate Spade. And what I can share with you in regards to Kate Spade, obviously we normally don’t talk about comp within the quarter and I won’t talk holistically, but I can definitely share with you that in Kate Spade, we’re really pleased with the lunch, we’re entering the second week here and we have seen a definite inflection. By the end of third quarter we will have 50% of the product in the full price channel will be complete newness, and by the end of the fourth quarter 100% of the product will be complete newness, and that’s what we experienced here in Kate Spade with the lack of newness, the teams were focused on driving just that and driving innovation. We made a decision, as you heard in the speakers; notes, a shipped investment, both from the second quarter, as well as from the fourth quarter toward this launch. Hopefully some of you have followed the launch, whether it’d be on social media and look at the very positive engagement that we’re seeing, overwhelmingly positive. I encourage you to go, it be Facebook, whether it be Instagram, and see the reaction that we’re getting. And there is few things that I would share so far as early highlight. First and foremost, handbags incredibly well received, especially pleased by the fact that the iconography has been especially pleased. We have discussed over and over the need for platforms that can drive sustainable long-term growth. And the new branding on Kate Spade is exactly that, and we’re seeing the consumer react to that very, very positively; we’re seeing that across ready-to-wear, we’re seeing that across hand bags, we’re seeing that across jewelry as well, which excites us. Secondly, ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is a very important part of the Kate Spade business, much more sold than our other businesses. And in the case of the new launch, we’re really excited that that’s resonating well. And that is the most important point that we can make in terms in taking the current consumer along with us on the Kate Spade journey, under Nicola’s direction, so that as well excites me. And what we saw in the second quarter and actually beginning from September was that the product and the lack of newness, especially in our full price channel and our full price -- meaning full price brick and mortar and full price dotcom, and that’s what really led to the drop in comp. And we have a newness that’s coming in that’s truly global and truly a reflection of the product. So, hope that gives you some color, Bob and to the others on the call as well.
Victor Luis: Yes. And I would just add something. Obviously, with the lack of performance of the product that was in stores, we could have easily been much more promotional, gotten rid of that inventory. We made a very clear decision not to be more aggressive in the full price channel, not only to create of course an overhang with consumers as we launch new product, but more specifically because we have tremendous confidence in the new products coming in, and we have a lot of confidence that that product can and will work effectively well in the outlook channel as we exit this quarter and beyond. And relative to the total business, we think that impact will be minimal.
Victor Luis: I’ll ask Josh to first talk a little bit about the Coach specifically and life cycles. And then, I'll touch on Kate.
Victor Luis: And David, relative to Kate and the evolution of that brand and its impact on the real estate, I think we’re all aware of the key investments of course that we talked about over the past year, first and foremost, reducing both the flash model as well as the urban disposition channel to the of $100 million, which is a key investment that we should think about in terms of long-term brand health; secondly, in terms of physical and other channels go forward. Kate footprint is much higher, I think relatively clean. We’re incredibly pleased with the new store format that we launched and the performance that we’re seeing. So, we’re being very thoughtful about how we leverage that go forward and the tremendous amount of attention right now in terms of wardrobe [ph] is on of course Asia with a specific focus on China where we’re seeing very solid performance. Again, couldn’t be happy with that team and the work that they are doing. And we start comping that business of course in the months ahead.
Victor Luis: Overall, we have not seen a change in theme, Erinn, from the last few quarters. I would say that globally this past quarter, most of the growth is coming -- or outsized growth coming especially from Asia, China domestically being and continuing to lead. And I would say that a lot of the growth is coming from a couple of the traditional European brands that are driving outsized dollar performance with the U.S. this past quarter having grown closer to a low single to mid single digit rate relative to the high single digit rate that we saw globally with a slight deceleration from the September quarter. In terms of what drives this at the end of the day, Erinn, it is the same things we’ve discussed; it has a lot to do obviously with brand’s connection and the motion, innovation and consumers and driving desirability with consumers. So, everything that we’ve been doing for the past several years, obviously we’re in a very different situation, very different distribution than the traditional European luxury brands, has been focused just on that. We have worked still ahead of us but continue to be incredibly satisfied with the progress made and of course never fully satisfied with the realization that it never ends and there is lot ahead of us. And I’m really excited by what Josh and the team have planned for the next 12 months in terms of both products and marketing, and of course couldn’t be happier with the work that Nicola and Anna are doing on Kate. Again, I highly encourage you guys to go and experience that over this quarter and next as everything rolls out. And of course, Eraldo and the team at Stuart Weitzman, when we think about the progress in just 12 months getting back first to deliveries and then kicking off this quarter with a really innovative marketing campaign, encourage you guys to stay tune for that one because there is more coming. And the Yang Mi collaboration for China, very exciting where that’s getting again tremendous buzz. So, very excited by the brand work being done and us getting a return on those investments.
Victor Luis: I would say, first and foremost, on the resellers and the Daigou mark. We all know of course that this is something that exists across all brands relative to the price difference with their home markets. I’ve been experiencing this since I entered the luxury goods business in 1994 in Japan, so absolutely nothing new; it’s driven by economics, driven by arbitrage and very, very difficult to control. Most brands, subs included have limits in place. We try to manage these things. But, quite often, there are organized groups who come in and by very small quantities, one at a time and leveraging of course the arbitrage and pricing. The key for us is that, given the change -- and for us, the entire industry has the change and we don’t know how well it’s going to be enforced. But, given the changes in laws in China, specifically the Chinese government is trying of course to drive domestic consumption. They’ve made a few changes, the most important change of which is requiring all of these Daigous to register as businesses domestically as well as in the country where they are purchasing products. That is leading to a lot of changes from what we are learning; there is still very much in learning stages to some extent. But, overall, what we’ve seen is that the law will now make the digital platforms liable for this, which is driving some change in the flows, whether it’s movements from some digital platforms in China to the more social platforms where they sell or in some cases, some individuals getting out of the business completely. And for us, the key there is first and foremost long-term we think it’s absolutely amazing, obviously it will help our brand as the Chinese government mostly protects our IP and they’ve been great partners overall over the years to us when we’ve looked to protect IP, specifically as it relates to of course, online and safe products. And secondly, of course, for us, the key has been to leverage the investments that we’re making in Mainland China. We’ve talked about that I think throughout the whole morning and of course for the past year, whether it would be the investments we made in Coach and continue to make including the significant fashion show as well as buying back our businesses at Kate and Stuart Weitzman. We’re very committed to it. We think that that’s the long-term path. We don’t see a change as a result of any of that to our North American outlet footprint, where these folks are active happen to be the most important markets where we’re in. And so, we don’t see any impact at all to the real estate footprint.
Victor Luis: Yes. In terms of the watch business, as you suggest, it’s very small. We are I think really pleased with the work that both Movado and Fossil are doing and trying to bring new technology into it. It has never been significant for us in our own stores and remains a pretty small business. On the license front, what we’re now really excited by from a bigger presence perspective and category of course are sunwear both in stores and globally with Luxottica as well as of course our fragrance businesses. And of course we have Sofio of course for Kate in sun wear but really pleased with the fragrance business and the work that Interparfums is doing there for the Coach brand. In terms of new licenses, we did touch on the fact that we’ve signed with Incipio, really pleased with the work they’ve done for Kate. And we know that they are going to be a great partner for the Coach brand overall.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. Thank you, everyone. Let me first thank Kevin again for all of his wonderful work over the past almost two year with us as we laid down the foundation for Tapestry. And I want to thank and congratulate Andrew as she steps in for this interim role and we have a tremendous amount of confidence in her and of course the team supporting us. Thank you all for joining us. And as is our custom, I want to thank the 20,000 strong Tapestry team members across of the world for the wonderful job that they are doing and all of the hard work that they are putting in. While it continues to be early days in our multi-brand journey, could not be prouder of the solid foundation that they continue to lay and the hard work they are putting in. Thank you.
