Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob, thank you for your question. We obviously have been very consistent in saying that we're on a multi-year journey. We're really excited about the vision that we have. In fact, we just think yesterday reviewing our spring product and I could not be prouder of the work that Stuart and the team are doing. We also showed the team the new Studio Sofield design that will be the basis of our retail rollouts moving forward from the fall. We also understand, however, that our vision while clear is not yet known to all of you and we're really excited about sharing it with you and taking you on this journey with us, which we plan to do June 4 when we show you exactly what we were doing a lot on our product, work around our stores and, of course, the marketing plans that we will have around brand transformation.
Victor Luis: Oliver, in terms of your second question in regards to brand transformation, we're of course are looking at all channel as part of our transformation not just full priced factory but also of course our wholesale channel where we made some comments in terms of the work that we need to do and replatforming that business as well. Saying that we understand that our full price business must lead and all of our attention to-date or the vast majority of our attention to-date has been on full price product stores and marketing. We expect that Stuart's focus on the factory channel will lead to rollout a product in that channel from spring summer with some initial products coming in December in a small way.
Victor Luis: Sure. We know, Oliver, that traffic is a lagging indicator. We would expect conversion to be the first sign of transformation taking hold and, of course, moving forward as well potentially from slight increases in AUR as we continue to shift our assortment.
Victor Luis: Thank you. We will see of course the major shift in our full price channel with 80% to 85% of the skews transforming to Stuart new collection globally, that is, across all of our full price locations. In addition, we will start with the new Sofield and that means wholesale as well of course. In addition, we will start seeing the new Sofield concept rolled out in key flagship stores in North America in the fall. We will start with Rodeo Drive, AOL-TimeWarner and as well one international flagship with Shinjuku in Tokyo also being replatformed. And then from holiday, as I mentioned earlier to Oliver's question, we begin to see the flow in of a few skews in our factory channel which have been inspired by the new collections that we have in full price with a much broader roll out coming in spring summer as our attention turns to that channel as well.
Victor Luis: Brian, in reference to your question on FY'15, we really don't have much more texture to provide at this moment. Really looking forward to sitting with all of you on June 4, sharing with you all of the details and plans and texture around the guidance that we've provided and sharing of course the vision as well as having all of you meet the talented group of individuals who are executing around our plans.
Victor Luis: David, I would only add that of course we are leveraging all of the data that we have internally in terms of name capture from all of our location to understand consumer movements across channels and within channels and, of course, looking at opportunities both from a competitive perspective as well as just mall vibrancy to understand where we can leverage, as Fran mentioned, other channels whether it be our wholesale presence, which is quite extensive, or of course more importantly and very much a topic de jure for all of us in the retail space is the power of the Internet and how we can leverage that in a transformative way as well.
Victor Luis: I would only add to what Fran said in reference to the factory outlet channel. As you know and we have discussed this a few times and I think you hinted too, is the vibrancy of this channel globally and it is relative. Of course, we see the full price channel in general, especially in the U.S. market suffering much more dramatically from traffic trends. Of course, Q3 is a very unique situation given the weather impact and given that all of these malls or the vast majority of them of course are outdoor malls and, therefore, would suffer more at this moment in time.
Victor Luis: I am going to let Jane in a moment to discuss inventory. In relation to the question on the wholesale channel, Dana, we have not really seen dramatic change. In trend, that channel over all was less impacted by traffic declines this past quarter obviously for many reasons and has performed generally better than the overall mall environment. In terms of marketing, we are very focused on right now with Stuart in leveraging external and internal resources in putting together a very detailed plan. We look forward to sharing that with some texture, both in terms of the visual imagery and the actual media plan with all of you along with PR and press and events in the like at our June 4, analyst day. We are really looking of course at a multiyear journey to drive consumer perception around the brand. We know that product and our store experience will be key in that but, of course, are very excited about communicating this vision to consumers. It will be a global campaign. Obviously, in terms of execution there may be some tweaks by markets around language and the like, but we do see it being very consistent and global.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Liz. I think in terms of planned reduction, we realize that it's obviously a delicate balance. And as you referenced, we see ourselves doing the said. Obviously, the strategic steps that we have taken in relation to all of the work with reducing partnerships with third party sites, reducing invitations to our database in terms of our flash websites, are all actions that we have taken towards protecting our long-term brand health. And we really will then look at of course driving all the positive steps that we need to take in terms of product, in terms of marketing and in terms of stores to drive relevance and to drive admiration around the brand and, of course, as mentioned earlier, conversion and eventually sales through those actions.
Victor Luis: While we have not tested anything to-date, we will be looking up one or two style in -- later in spring, early summer which will guide our buys. But more importantly, I would add what we know and have shared, which is that the editorial reviews have been absolutely fantastic. And our first audience of course is always our internal teams and our global buying teams who have been here actually this week and last week. Last week, they were here to review our outlook products presentation for spring and this week they are reviewing the full price product. And I can tell you that the reactions have been terrific. I certainly, personally have never been more optimistic about a new collection in my seven years at Coach than what we are about to launch in the fall and what we are seeing for spring today.
Victor Luis: Sure. It's a terrific question, Michael, because as you suggested it is of course counterintuitive. I would just caution though that the strategy is not to increase prices across the board. The strategy is for us to continue to work on rebalancing our assortments across various price buckets. We have absolutely no intention to give up on the $300 sweet spot in our full price channel and slightly below that that exist in the wholesale channel and we are going to be developing into those price points moving forward. And we look forward to showing you side by side the current product as well as the future product in those price buckets in the increased value that we are working to provide consumers. And moving forward, value is not just about a price point. It's going to be about quality great design and of course all of the aspirational imagery that we are going to developing around the Coach brand through what we do in our store environments, customer experience in marketing. So we are really excited about that. And I think seeing that holistically, which hopefully we will be able to show all of you on June 4, will provide a little bit more clarity around the vision that we have on how we are bringing back to life.
Victor Luis: In terms of your second question which is indeed, as you suggested, a really important balancing act, I would just say that this is not a change in our business model. The word elevation is not about transforming Coach into what we perceive or what may be perceived as a traditional luxury brand. Indeed, while some may believe that affordable and luxury are two word that don't go together, this brand has been created and has as its purpose affordable luxury as its positioning, and that’s what we will do moving forward. Indeed, we are really excited as I mentioned earlier about providing extreme value to the consumers at really great price points. Quality, great design, great materials, craftsmanship are all a part of what has made Coach great and what differentiates us from many of our traditional competitors and especially the new accessible luxury competitors that have arisen in the market space. and that's part of our mantra and what we are going to reclaim. As it comes to the factory channel, there are some who believe that there is may be a magic formula to full price doors to a factory door or 3:1 or 4:1 whatever it maybe, I haven't seen that play in our own analytics. Certainly, there is a fine balance and it really comes down to consumer perceptions across the channel. As we've suggested and talked about, we have taken very important steps as it relates to how we deal with the online EFX customer in terms of trying to manage those impression. And as it relates to the actual outlook channel, we will make any moves in a very careful way in terms of selecting doors, looking at cannibalization and doing so by markets as Fran suggested earlier. When we really talk about advancing the brand across the 12 markets we are talking about doing so across all channel. So we will make a move across full price, factory and wholesale and drive brand perception first and foremost across these 12 key major metropolitan areas in the U.S., and as we do so globally as well across the major fashion capitals.
Victor Luis: With respect to the team, we have obviously a very experienced senior management team. We're very happy for Jeffery and his own move in his career. What I can share with you is that Stuart has a tremendous amount of experience in the men's space. Just yesterday we've seen the new men's collection which has continued to evolve and look absolutely great, and we're excited to show that you on June 4 as well and you'll be able to see it live.
Victor Luis: Thank you everybody for joining us. Of course, we're disappointed by our North American performance especially as it relates our women's handbag and accessories business, but we are incredibly excited and happy to be and what is -- and continues to be a very vibrant category. Our international business, our men's business, our footwear all point into the positive direction. And as I mentioned earlier, unfortunate that you all can't see what we're seeing and experiencing in the last six months with the steps that we've taken forward towards brand transformation. I am more optimistic than at any point during my seven years at Coach in terms of the clarity of our vision and how the actions that we are taking move in a very position direction toward bringing that vision to life and very excited about sharing that with all of you when we're together June 4. Thank you.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, Oliver, it's Fran. As noted, we were more promotional during the quarter specifically in North America factory and specifically on (inaudible). So part of the cost decline was due to deceleration of the traffic in the factory channel, but we did push the business a little bit harder there. So that was our positioning in factory for the quarter. In terms of going forward, we were also less promotional on the (inaudible). So we did limit access to the site as Victor discussed in his prepared remarks.
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, okay, hi. As you know, our factory store division is incredibly profitable. So we're taking a look at all the new store development that is happening on the factory side and looking very carefully at those opportunities and we continue to see given premium mall development with the increasing co-tenancy from European luxury players. Therefore, we are proud of our positioning in these all and centered and also deliver incredible productivity and profitability in the new stores that we plan to open. So that is contributing to our revenue or top line.
Francine Della Badia: Just on inventory level, Dana, we called out that for the balance of the year we expect our inventory level to remain high. Based on some of the factors that we called out related to our business distribution growth, higher AUCs,, the acquisition of Coach Europe and our expansion into lifestyle. Also, our inventory obviously is impacted by our sales growth that is below our expectation. As we move through, we are -- we still continue to look at our factory channels, our primary means of moving through inventory. We've always had a small portion of our product in disposition. We'd expect to increase that somewhat as we move through the balance of these.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, there. We have not tested any of Stuart's new products. As you know, Stuart joined us about six months ago. So he has been very, very busy executing to the new product development for the -- for his fall collection.
Francine Della Badia: I just want to go back to Luis this question because we did not answered the part two, which is how important are the 12 markets. The 12 markets represent about 50% of our overall sales. They represent more than that in traffic. And in terms of consumer perception, there are keys to really changing brand perception. And so, we are going to focus on the 12 markets first, certainly with Studio Sofield and the brand transformation effort that we have around marketing product in stores.
Jane Nielsen: Brian, why don't I take the first part of your multi-part part question and then I will turn it over to Victor. So in terms of what we called out in terms of CapEx, we do expect that the remodels and wholesale renovations will roll in to FY'15. We are looking across, as a part of our business transformation, all of the needs required for brand transformation and that will certainly be a part of that we move forward in to CapEx. As it relates to our share buyback, what we have guided to was about 700 million of share buybacks. We have completed 525 million, as I mentioned. And it's really based on our current cash flow forecast, our domestic cash requirements to really invest in our business, and that's our primary focus, and we will continue to keep you to update you on that as we move forward. As we have called out in this quarter, we are very committed to our dividend as our primary means of returning capital to shareholders. And then as you step backed and asked about our store leases. As a part of our transformation and I think as Fran mentioned on the last call, we are looking critical across our entire fleet and across our entire asset base and aligning that for long-term brand growth and aligning it with our transformation.
Jane Nielsen: Hi, David. So we've been taking a look at our total fleet as undergoing a very comprehensive review first of the economics of the stores. We've also been looking at our 12 major markets and really trying to understand how penetrated as a brand we are in those markets. And obviously economics and profitability will drive most of our decision as we go forward and continue to assess the fleet. We are doing this across full price stores, factory stores and wholesale so that we have a very comprehensive understanding of the brand positioning. As I said to our most important 12 markets (inaudible) throughout the entire fleet. We are looking at a number of different metrics and evaluating it so we can continue to be opportunistic on a go forward basis.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so Randy as we think about our fourth quarter comp I think we have been clear that we are not going to call a change in trend in the business until we have seen it. As we give you guidance in any quarter, we give you our best estimate based on what we are seeing in the business at that time. And obviously as we called out clearly, traffic deterioration in our business was the key factor that led to the change in comp. We clearly had Easter overlap, we had a weather impact, but traffic was the real challenge relative to our expectation.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, just in terms of FY'15 I think Victor called out that our expectation at this point is that sales will moderate further. And we're not giving anymore specific shape as to FY'15.
