Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, Bob. I'm feeling very confident about our future because of our brand positioning of expressive luxury, which we launched in September of '23. What it did, it provided us with a clarity and focus on the target market, the timeless Gen Z consumer. With that consumer in mind this fall and into holiday, we launched our Wear your Shine campaign. The traction that we've seen with this campaign building on momentum of previous purpose campaign confirms the opportunity to talk to our clients in an authentic, unique and meaningful way. Turning to product. Our innovation is working as demonstrated by our Tabby family, which I can't talk enough about. So when you take our storytelling and compelling product together, we are driving meaningful growth with new and younger consumers and generating brand heat. This leads me to talk about what we refer to as coachgenomic. We grow our gross margin by reducing COGS, increasing initial pricing and reducing promotions, coupled with efficient non-marketing SG&A, allows us to invest in full funnel marketing, which drives productive sales. This creates a virtuous flywheel. Growing sales enhances the lifetime value of our new and younger clients. Our coachgenomic model bodes well for our future growth in the quarters and years ahead.
Todd Kahn: Well, I won't give away the full secret sauce, but I will say building on your comment. We feel really good about China, particularly the long-term opportunities in China. And one of the things that I point to and one of the questions all of you ask me every quarter is how do you continue to AUR growth and expansion. When you look at where the Coach brand sits today and the white space between us and traditional European luxury, that's at an all-time high. And in a market like China, where maybe people are being more frugal and thoughtful about their purchase, that bodes very well for Coach. So I'm excited by the white space. I'm excited by our brand positioning, expressive luxury is working, as Joanne said in the prepared remarks. Our last quarter, we saw growth in all markets, including China. So excited by what we have coming up and we're already seeing Coachtopia take hold in that market in a really meaningful way.
Todd Kahn: And the only thing I'll add for Coach is, obviously, we're always aware of competition, but we're playing our own game. And this new virtuous flywheel where we're really growing these new customers, 1.5 million in North America last year. They're younger, they're transacting at a higher AUR, that's the fuel, that's the cogenomics that will play out in many quarters ahead. So they're coming in our brand. We're touching them through expressive luxury through with purpose and innovation. And as long as we keep doing that, using our data, I think there's so much room for growth in North America. We feel really stronger – good about what's ahead of us, particularly in the fourth quarter where we have easier comps, obviously. But beyond the comp issue, we just see a lot of growth ahead even in our most mature market because as we saw, we can continue to grow awareness. So that's really important for us.
Todd Kahn: I agree. Thank you, Oliver. First of all, Tabby is an incredible platform. And platforms aren't created by us, platforms are created by our clients. They vote, ultimately. Our job is to continue to innovate on a platform, keeping it relevant. And you see that with Tabby. I see Tabby as something that isn't a season or a year. It's a multiyear opportunity. We just launched Quilted Tabby. This is phenomenal. Really early readings, but it's doing incredibly well. And every time we launch a new iteration of Tabby in different fabrications or treatment, what it does is it elevates all of Tabby. So we're super pleased with what we're seeing there. On AUR, it is the combo of both initial pricing, less discounting, being really disciplined in our approach. So we're excited by that. Lastly, Coachtopia. Coachtopia is not meaningful enough from a dollars perspective yet to put in your model. What Coachtopia is doing for us is giving us a halo effect, I said this before, it basically outpunches its size yet. What we've seen is it's creating incredible desire and relevancy in the brand. There are some opportunities in Coachtopia that I think will, over time, become very big. The loop product for one, which is effectively a nylon product, which in our history, we have not particularly been strong with, that's resonating, And I could see that becoming something very material and maybe in a giant platform of its own one day. But again, it's not for us to decide. It's for our clients and consumers to vote.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks, Todd. And let me pick up on your question on the acquisition. I'll start by saying these are great brands, and we remain excited about the runway ahead. We recognize the opportunity to unlock value by improving execution, leveraging the Tapestry platform, and we have continued confidence evidenced by the coach results that Todd just referenced, that our strategies and our execution deliver. And in terms of the deal, the economics remain strong. We're making progress as we expected towards the close in this calendar year that's unchanged from our prior outlook. And in the meantime, integration planning efforts continue. I've been impressed with how the teams are working together. And we continue to gain confidence in the opportunities where we can add value. Importantly, though, we remain laser-focused on driving our organic business, which is reflected in the strong second quarter beat and raise we reported today.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. North American market is always competitive. We love a competitive market, and we're performing. What we saw in Q2, our business was flat with last year, in line with last year, but above our expectations. And we're driving that business at higher margins. So we continue to prioritize a healthy business and healthy -- and managing a healthy business, and we will focus on healthy growth in the market. What we see happening in the market is, frankly, the consumer is being choiceful and they're responding to newness and innovation and the elevated brand messaging that we're delivering in the market. And we'll continue to do that. Our outlook for the rest of the year is, frankly, in line with where it was in the first half. So no dramatic inflection in the first -- between first half and second half of the year. We think trends will be in line. But again, we're managing the business in a healthy way. We grew AUR last quarter, expanded gross margin and operating margin. Our inventories importantly are well positioned, not only in North America, but globally. So we expect to continue to manage a healthy business in North America as we move forward.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me pick up the portfolio shaping -- portfolio question you asked. We are creating a global house of iconic brands. And what's important to us, the most important thing is that these brands are iconic and that they trade in attractive and growing categories. Adding these brands to our platform, we've talked about the strong industrial logic of this transaction. It extends our reach across customer segments, across geographies and across product categories. So it provides more diversification for our business, and taken together, enhances our opportunity to drive value, superior value for all of our stakeholders. We are disciplined capital allocators. And to your point, we -- any capital allocation decision we make, we use a four-lens framework. You mentioned lenses. There is rigor and discipline in our evaluation. That's how we arrived at the decision to make the acquisition of Capri. And the four lenses are really first does it fit with our strategies as a company. Second, what do we bring as an owner? Are we a good owner of these assets. Third, what is the financial outcome we expect in the modeling and the shareholder return we expect. And the fourth lens is really a degree of difficulty of execution. And as we evaluated all of those, we landed on this Capri acquisition is quite compelling. And any future capital allocation decision we make will apply those same four lenses and the same rigor and discipline.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Mark. We remain confident, to your point, in the strategies and our long-term vision for Kate Spade. The team exercised incredible discipline and agility in the quarter. To your point, we expanded gross margin, operating margin and profit. All of those were ahead of last year and ahead of our expectations. But to your point, the top line remains challenging. We didn't see an inflection from first quarter. So we saw a continuation of our first quarter trends. And we have higher aspirations for the brand as it relates to growth. We noted an opportunity to improve our execution and really three key areas we talked about in our prepared remarks. We've been focused on strengthening the core handbag foundation. And that continues to be an opportunity. Where we've delivered newness and innovation in our core handbag assortment, we are seeing the customer respond. And we will see as we move into the back half newness grow, both in the back half and into fiscal 2025. Newness will grow as a percent in penetration in our assortment. The second opportunity that we see is an opportunity to power the omni-channel experience with our consumers. You saw us launch outlet.com in the last quarter. That is an important foundational element to provide consumers a real 360 experience and a quality 360 experience with the brand. We believe that we can build on that foundation as we move forward. And then last, it's an opportunity to drive more emotional marketing to fuel brand heat. So it's around the execution in these three points. You'll see us -- actually, this week, we launched our spring campaign. We'll be investing more in top-of-funnel marketing to cut through the noise and drive more brand heat. We have clear actions in place. We're moving with speed to achieve those higher aspirations we have for the brand. The pace of the margin improvement is welcome this year, again, ahead of expectations in the quarter. And we expect continued growth, both on the top line as well as margin. And certainly, top line growth is a part of it. But as we demonstrated this quarter, there are other opportunities that we are leveraging to drive growth in operating margin.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And I'll pick up the Kate question quickly here as we approach the end of our time. But for outlet.com at Kate, it really is about creating a better experience for our customers and a more 360 experience that customers in all channels at Kate Spade or served a tremendous experience in outlet.com allows us to do that, and we're excited about building on that foundation. And what we hear from our customers about strengthening the core handbag. Kate has very strong core equities. They're clear and enjoy and self-expression, but where they tell us Kate is not known for signature product or branding codes. That's the opportunity that we continue to build. You saw with Dakota that we launched stronger hardware, stronger branding codes. We're excited about the Madison launch. It's a coated cannabis spade flower signature program at outlet last quarter, and that's off to a good start, and that's the work of the work. That's what we're focused on doing at Kate. But we're excited about the runway ahead there.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you for joining us and for your interest in our story, and thank you to our talented global team who continue to build our brands and our relationships with consumers. It's clear that our strategies and consistent disciplined execution are delivering. We achieved record second quarter revenue and earnings per share and raised our earnings outlook for the full year while investing for the future. I'm confident in our significant runway ahead to drive sustainable growth and shareholder returns from this strong foundation. Thanks again and have a great day.
Scott Roe: Yes, sure. I'm happy to take it. So just to reiterate, first of all, the $465, which is really the -- as you said, the $5was the curtailment of the share repos, we still have confidence. And yes, has it evolved a little differently? It has. But I think not only is this a testament to the momentum that you see in Coach, but also, I think it speaks to our model, right? And the discipline being capital allocators. We're feeding those opportunities where we see growth. You're seeing the discipline across the P&L, as Joanne mentioned, in terms of gross margin expansion. We're getting leverage across most cost areas and reinvesting back where we see points of difference in the ability to drive the brand. So while it's evolved a little bit differently, yes, we still have the confidence, and I think that just speaks to the diversity of the model and I think the discipline in this organization.
Scott Roe: Yes. I'd love to. I'd love to talk about gross margin, and I'll really start where you ended. And I think even if you look at this year, Matt, reinvesting back in those capabilities that help us understand who these consumers are, all the things that Joanne said, that's what gives us confidence in our pricing power longer term, and that's a key driver. And we see that when you take out the noise of freight and some of the other things, some of the mix, regional, all that stuff that's going on quarter-by-quarter, we still see that core operational improvement is coming through, and we expect that to continue. And I'm not going to give -- we're not giving '25 and beyond guidance other than the earnings reaffirmation on the 465 that I talked about, but one of the key linchpins is what Todd and Joanne talked about that flywheel, reinvesting back in the business which reinforces our margins and that -- those margins that allow us to both increase our profitability and reinvest at the same time. You also asked a little bit about double-digit accretion in year one. Short answer, I assume we're talking about the Capri deal? The answer is yes. And I would also just add, in addition to accretion, which is kind of a mathematics problem, we also see strong returns in excess of our WACC. So we see return on capital that is also accretive as we continue to look at the deal. Remember, we never bought into necessarily your all's estimates. We had what we call prudent assumptions on the condition of the business and we still have confidence in those key drivers.
Scott Roe: Yes. Sure, Michael. I'll take the first part of that. And you haven't read our website and all that's out there, anyway. The third quarter really -- there's a lot of noise to make it simple. The biggest issue is China, right? So, if you think about in Q2, we were up 19%, in line with our guide. Our expectations, really that was anniversary and COVID issues. And then we had revenge spending, right, which is coming in Q3, so it's a tougher compare. But when you zoom out from that to click and look at the overall, we said mid-single digits last quarter in terms of our expectation, that's right where we are today. So yes, there's noise quarter by quarter. It puts particular pressure in the third quarter from a top and bottom line. But when you zoom out and look at the top, we beat in the second quarter, we took the full year up, right? So I would ask you to understand the noise but really don't lose the big picture here.
Scott Roe: Yes. And maybe I'll just do a quick build on that, Mark. We do still see a path to the teens operating margin. And I think this year, even overall at Tapestry with modest growth, I mean, a couple of percent of growth, the discipline of our teams and you think about everything from gross margin expansion, controlling expenses and operating margin expansion even as the top line has been pressured, that's disciplined, right? And we didn't mention it but inventory, down teens -- overall down teens in this brand, right? So we've made room for innovation and new product coming in the second time. One thing that our insights do and don't do, as I've said repeatedly, they don't make us infallible, right? But they, in general, help us make better decisions and because of our model and our direct-to-consumer data, we see trends and issues quicker. So that's allowed us to react in terms of inventory, to react in terms of expenses. And that's one of the reasons that you see this gross margin and operating expansion in Kate even with the pressure on the top line.
Scott Roe: Yes, happy to. What a great story, right? Over 300 basis points in the quarter and about 170 of that was freight. And as you correctly said, we expect it to moderate but still be positive in the second half. And I think for the full year with a 200 basis point expansion in our outlook, there's about 120 of freight benefit for the full year. So it's still positive, but moderating somewhat in the second half. And again, I'll reference an earlier comment. As you think forward, obviously, we're not going to give any outlook for '25. But I would just say that operationally, which is really what Todd was talking about in Coach. And by the way, we grew gross margin across all our brands. I don't know if I said that earlier. But really, it's that pricing power, which is a combination of headline prices and discipline around discounts. We see that coming through underneath all the freight noise and mix and all that stuff quarter-by-quarter, and we would expect, based on our reinvestment in our brands, increased marketing and the insights and understanding we have of the consumer that we expect that to continue as we move forward.
