Victor Luis: Certainly we’re committed to driving productivity, as we have discussed, and long term value for our shareholders. We have of course also guided that we will not forecast the change in the trend until we see it. There is of course the knowledge that traffic is a likely indicator. We’re going to see conversions being the main driver. We’re excited about the fact that we have a tremendous amount of internal excitement already and what we’re seeing in new product coming out for September. We know that while shopping behaviors are changing, all of our traffic is being impacted globally, this is truly about great brands. And we’re focused on driving relevance for the Coach brand, getting back to the core, creating exciting shopping experiences for consumers, engaging with them online and in the stores in new and exciting ways, which is necessary in this changing environment, and doing so of course through all of our marketing mediums, whether it be through traditional advertising, social media, and the like.  And we’re on a journey, and we will take you along with us on that journey, and we’re very focused, of course, on the fall, as a very important key next chapter for us as we continue with the marketing campaign that we already have, but also the presentation of Stuart’s first full collection in our full price channel, where we will have the largest single introduction of new SKUs that we’ve already had, in one launch. 
Victor Luis: I think most retailers today are seeing that the shopping mall channel is seeing the most pressure in terms of traffic overall. Our online business is more mature than perhaps some of the other competitors that we have. We’ve been in the space longer than most of our competitors.  But saying that, as we discussed in our notes, we did take a very important strategic decision this past quarter to limit access, especially on our flash site, as we look at driving brand equity and moving forward. We know this is a long term journey.  Specifically, we did not have third-party events via our flash web sales, as we had this time last year. And we’ve been also very vigilant in ensuring that we try and keep resellers off of our flash web sales model because of the impact that it has, of course, through the parallel channels both domestically and international.  Our number one opportunity of course is in recruitment of consumers into the franchise here in North America, where we are still the leaders. We know that that’s going to happen in an omnichannel way, both through the wholesale channel, through our current partners, where there’s a definite opportunity for us to drive further relevance and a further strong presence for our brand, of course, through our own stores. And we realize that the full price channel has to lead.  This is something that we shared with you, and we’re very focused on driving relevance through that as our most important priority, because of the halo that that plays across the entire brand. And for those of you that have visited our Lower Fifth Avenue store and you compare that experience with the rest of the Coach fleet, and you can imagine that across an entire fleet, as we tweak it, develop it, and perfect it, I think you see a Coach of the future. And of course as well through the digital channel, which is not only an important channel for communication, but increasingly for ecommerce. So it’s really about the brand across all channels. 
Victor Luis: We want to share details of the vision that we have. Obviously, seeing is believing. You will all be able to see the product in all of its glory, meet the teams that care, which is, as I’ve shared, and we believe strongly, without a doubt, the best team in the space, and share with you our vision for the future. 
Victor Luis: It’s obviously a question we get often, and what I would share is that we believe the brand, first and foremost, must be led through the full price channel. And what you see, again, in Lower Fifth, what you see in South Coast Plaza, in terms of a direction for the future of our fleet and the equity that we want to drive through that fuller lifestyle experience, where consumers are engaging with the brand differently, without a doubt will be both a business driver but just as important, if not more so, the halo for the entire multichannel strategy that we have. Outlets, in terms of their importance globally, are unquestionably the fastest growing certainly bricks and mortar channel in the luxury space. That is not only true for U.S. based multichannel brands. It is increasingly true for European and traditional luxury brands who are driving further relevance for the channel globally, whether it be here in the U.S., where it’s quite a mature channel, but of course increasingly in Europe, and now, more than ever, increasing in China and the rest of Asia as well. And so as that channel grows, we want to make sure that we participate in it, and take our fair share there. Saying that, we’re very cognizant of the need, as a result of increasing competitor pressures in that channel as well, to remain relevant there. And many of you have visited our [unintelligible] Park rollouts, which is now our global rollout already, which we believe in that channel elevates the brand, provides a terrific experience, and I think just as you’re seeing and will see increased value, not just through price, but through great product, emotional product, in our full price channel. We will continue to see that moving forward in our factory channel.  And that is the key. The key is not just to see it as a promotional channel, but to see it as a channel which is of relevance to a certain consumer, who does not shop in other channels, and where we have the leadership position and see continued growth moving forward. 
Victor Luis: I would just add that this is not new for us. Many of you who have been with us on our journey know that even during the 2008/2009 crisis, it didn’t take us more than two to three quarters. This inventory is currency for us. It’s no more than 5% of our total sales, and we’ve always sold full price [unintelligible] in our factory channel. It adds to the relevancy of that channel. There are many consumers who are obviously looking for the hunt of what was in full price in previous months. And so we look to it as an opportunity and not necessarily a negative.
Victor Luis: Well, the strength in the category really speaks to the message that we’ve been putting out there for many quarters now, which is obviously that consumers increasingly look to accessories as the most important part of their wardrobe. It’s what they are doing and leveraging in that sense, to identify themselves as they spend less on apparel and more on accessories. This is a cyclical shift that has been going on for over a decade now. Obviously, as a result of our own success, as a result of this growth in the category, there’s increased competition. That competition creates excitement in the category, which continues to drive it. The opportunity for us, of course, is to leverage our solid equities in our brands, the amazing team and know how that we have, and with new creative direction, to drive relevance in our brands and take our fair share of the market as we have in the past, and that’s what we intend to do. So our strategies for dealing with that are everything that we have been sharing with you in terms of transformation. We’re excited about having you all together with us on June 4, when we will share not only with you the details of our vision, but of course the strength of this team in terms of what we’re doing and how we’re going to execute moving forward.
Victor Luis: It’s a terrific question. You will see some increased SKU counts at the higher price points, but our strategy is not to change the range of our price points. Many of you will remember, during the financial crisis, when consumers were more price sensitive, we talked about a rebalancing in our assortments. What we’re seeing with obviously consumer confidence at levels that are much better, and the increased competition and excitement around the category, is an opportunity for us to leverage our core strength, our authenticity, quality, heritage, and the respect that consumers have for Coach as the leader in this space to continue to elevate and rebalance our assortment now to more SKUs in the above $400 space.  But this is not about us becoming a European luxury brand tomorrow. This is about us driving desirability and driving, if you will, confidence in the brand in the mind of the consumer through increased value through quality. 
Victor Luis: It’s a great question, because I think what you’re looking at, as you open up our website, of course we always start with newest [unintelligible], with newness, and what you’re seeing on the top of the page there is the Borough. And thankfully, the Borough is resonating incredibly well. As you go into the bottom of that first page, or onto page two or three, you’ll see that we have not given up the $200 price bucket, $300/$400 price bucket, and that we continue to be very active in that space. As well, I think what you’ll see is that we will play across channels a little bit in a bit more targeted way.  You’re going to see us develop more specific products that will be in more price sensitive channels such as that with our wholesale [unintelligible], versus what you might find in the flagship store, versus what you might find in a secondary market, either here in the U.S. or internationally. These are strategies that we’ve been leveraging globally quite successfully. There is, without a doubt, a very substantial opportunity above the $400 price point bucket. We know that that is becoming increasingly attractive not just here in the U.S., so I would ask us to think about that opportunity globally. As we see the logo business challenged, what is increasingly happening globally is brands headed further into the leather space.  As many of you know, our European competitors have a very hard time achieving price points below $1,500, below $2,000, when it comes to leather handbags. And so the opportunity for us is not just to play with lower prices, but to play with increased value and perception through quality, and that’s where we’re going to look to change the value proposition in the months ahead, but doing so by rebalancing the assortment, not by shifting completely. 
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea, and thank you all for listening and for being on this journey with us. As we stated, while we’re disappointed in our Q2 results, and as Lou has stated in the past, we know that we are at a very specific moment in time. We have tremendous confidence in the strength of our brand, in our vision, and in our team, and we are very excited about partnering together as this team executes the transformation already underway, and to get us back on the road to a healthy track and long term growth. Thank you very much.
