Victor Luis: Good morning Bob. Thanks for your question and for being with us as usual. We have of course been following the performance very closely as Fran mentioned we have seen and are very pleased with our performance which really reflects the initial signs to product across the channel. When we look at the performance in the first quarter it's very difficult of course to read clearly because of the shift that we have taken in our promotional activities. As we mentioned we had our semi-annual sales of first two weeks of the quarter and no promotional events for the remainder of the first quarter. As we come into October, what we have seen is continued great performance across the new product. We as Fran mentioned have seen positive signs in performance across the new styles in fashion, novelty and core and positive comp across the above $400 performance but very difficult to see with the shift in promotion.
Victor Luis: In terms of the reduction of DOS as Jane mentioned the impact was 5 comp points. The COACH days were only in our wholesale channel, David.
Victor Luis: Yeah, which really was an impact of depending on the chain anywhere from 20 to 25 days that we reduced. So approximately one-third of almost one-third of total days where we had promotion last year that we didn't have this year and in general as we mentioned in our speakers notes, the performance was pretty much in line with what we saw in our own stores where we also reduced all of the PCE events from last year.
Victor Luis: Thanks for your multiple questions Barbara as usual. Let me start with China and then I'll hand off to Fran on North American factory and what we are seeing there. In terms of China and Asia overall, what we're seeing is very much, what we're all reading in terms of the geopolitical and macroeconomic situation. We continue to target positive comps and about $600 million in sales for this fiscal year as we said during our notes. But we are seeing tremendous variability and performance and that of course is especially true in Hong Kong where we did have a couple of closures of a few key locations at certain points during the demonstrations, but the biggest impact of course has been in tourists flows across the region.  What we're seeing is a fewer tourists into Hong Kong and Macau as well as continued decreases into South East Asia some of that again due to some geopolitical events in that region and of course in Malaysia due to still some impact from the airline disasters. We are seeing some uptick in tourist flows into Taiwan and into Korea but truly not enough to mitigate the -- not at the same level as the decreases that we're seeing especially in the key markets of Hong Kong. Saying all of that Barbara as you know it's very resilient economies I think that while there maybe this short term variability our confidence in the long-term opportunities of China and especially of the Chinese consumer globally is very, very strong. We continue to see incredible growth in the middle class there. We continue of course to see very, very good development of the retail infrastructure which offers a lot of opportunities. I am constantly reminded of the fact that we bought our business back in 2008 at the peak of the economic crisis and made very important decisions to invest.  China will also benefit from all of the great work that we're doing in brand transformation and we're very much taking the same position of looking to invest and drive our brand relevance further in that market. I'll now pass on to Fran I think you had Barbara one more question on distribution by tiers. We today have a 136 locations on the mainland, the vast majority of our doors are in tier 1 and tier 2 cities with 37 locations in tier 3 and 4, the remainder in tier 1 and 2.
Victor Luis: Sure, Omar I think in reference to Bob's first question as well the good news is that our product is basically performance truly per our plan. And so our plan was of course to take core style such as the ED such as Crosby which are really core styles that will be multi-seasonal and bringing newness and novelty to off the season and then that seasonal product will then flow into outlet through following being in our semi-annual sale first and for most which is the new part of our strategy compared to prior seasonal. So then what we are not doing through the PCE events of course will lead to some promotional activity through the open sale which we will have at the end of each season. The first event of which we had at the end of fourth quarter beginning of the first quarter where we've had a lot of learning that we're now leveraging of course into our next event. One of the key learnings that I might add was the recruitment of new consumers that we saw coming in through the open sale which really bodes well of course for how that seasonal product tend serve as a recruitment tool for that more value conscious consumer as well in key metropolitan areas.
Victor Luis: Thank you Oliver. Glad to hear from you. We of course a very conscious of bringing value to the consumer and that will happen through not only sharp price points but of course by bringing them value as well through quality. As think you heard Fran mentioned one of the wonderful collections that we've launched this past quarter Collette where we've seen truly great consumer reaction to has been at a much higher AUR than our other collections. But of course we also are very focused in and as a theme not only in the outlet but also in retail and meeting the needs of our core consumer. In the case of outlet, we have increased newness coming through Fran mentioned Margo which launches in December that will be followed by a series of other collections throughout the spring and that will be at various price points from the shoppers one at a 100 and below right on up through suggested retails or I should say AURs at approximately 200 to 300 as well.
Victor Luis: Sure so for us we're in the 14% to 15% range today, the total market for men's represents approximately 18% of the $40 billion premium handbag and accessories markets. We see ourselves of course getting to that and a targeting as I mentioned in my notes Oliver by the end of '17, a $1 billion in sales.
Victor Luis: Yeah, I think overall as we mentioned the total collection and total newness is really performing to our expectations and very much in our plan, where we have seen truly great signs as we talked about it is in that above 400. We've seen terrific signs in the full collection doors as well. There is no doubt that we have a new consumer engaging with COACH across the more elevated, more fashioned product and that is globally.  We are also seeing better performance in the doors that received the full remodel. Not yet the full concept because as I mentioned in my remarks today actually this evening tomorrow in Japan our Shinjuku flagship is the first full store that is opening in the new concept followed by Rodeo and AOL, Time Warner. But we did significantly touch up our stores that Bleecker Streets, South Coast Plaza with some of you have seen in the past is not yet the full new concept but has an inspiration of it as well as lower fifth, all of those stores are performing much better than the rest of the fleet. And as I mentioned as well still very early days but the over 100 locations in wholesale where we moved to open sale we're seeing better performance as well as the locations again very early days release at the store managers in wholesale. So where we are making the fullest expression of transformation visible. We are seeing the greatest impact. We are pleased with the reaction to fashion and we are also very pleased with the two key core silhouettes that are out there which I really our first core introductions ED and Crosby with more to follow, Fran mentioned Scout which follows in December and then we also have a [town carton] which comes in late January early February which are two other key silhouettes chopper pricing that we believe will resonate with our core consumer.
Victor Luis: Sure, let me first touch on Japan and then I'll let Fran to touch on outlet. Overall in the case of Japan results are very much consistent with our expectations and our annual guidance. Our planning was very much done both in the context of the environments that we've been seeing post the consumption tax is of course as well as our own brand transformation strategy with a lot of work being done in key flagships stores across Tokyo and other key cities and product there as well performing to expectations with certain really nice highlights especially across the more fashioned product where we have seen higher penetrations in Japan across Rider and a few of the fashion bags that we have in other markets. And now I'll turn to Fran on outlet.
Victor Luis: And what's great there that I will just add we are doing a tremendous amounts of work in iterating across Signature platforms so you will see new Signature platforms penetrating across both our full price channels which we've launched and outlet moving forward as well as the wholesale channel. So we've recognized that while Signature and Logo in general is down trending globally for all players. We see it as a key part of our strategy moving forward and a key part for Stuart and the team to innovate and drive further relevant.
Victor Luis: Thank you Andrea. I want to thank all of you for being with us today and we've outlined very clear and comprehensive strategies and plant this past summit to address all of COACH's brand challenges. We're in the very early execution of our journey and very confident in laying the foundation for our long-term vibrancy and growth. In this first quarter, I could not be proud of our team and the steps that we have taken across all of the consumer touch points.  And at this moment I would also like to take the opportunity to recognize the retirement of our executive Chairman Lue Frankfort, who truly has been a legend in all that he has achieved in his career at COACH. I and the team wish him a tremendous inherited legacy and we wish him a tremendous amount of success as he moves forward in his next chapter. And of course I sit here incredibly proud of what we've accomplished in these early stages of our transformation book more importantly very confidence as we move forward as the team in our next chapter and I thank you all for being with us and look forward to seeing you during the course of holiday. Thank you.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, good morning. As we said on the call, the above 400 is about 30% of our sales this year versus 21% last year. So we are seeing a great response to the elevated product and the forecast that will continue to see the trend rate in this category going forward.
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, so we've actually been talking about the positive response that we've been having through products above 400 for the past year. What we are seeing now is even stronger performance in that category so it has been above 400 a category that has been performing well for us over the past year and we saw... as we mentioned in the positive comp trend this quarter which we wanted to call out as a response to the new product that we launched with Stuart's first collection.
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, we are calling it a positive comp. So without any more specific surrounded. We are very pleased with the performance in that location.
Francine Della Badia: Barbara to answer the questions about outlet just first as a reminder we don't disaggregate comp performance in North America direct so I'll just go right to the product performance last month. We launched new product collection called Collect which was largely a leather based full price inspired product which performed extremely well at the higher end of our AUR offering in outlet and last week we just launched CB again a very strong leather based collection in a ray of color. And we're seeing very, very strong performance in that product over through this past weekend. In terms of stores impact on factory, we had focused first on full price, Stuart design for outlet products will arrive in a small way right before holiday. And then we will launch more Stuart designed product for outlet beginning in the spring.
Francine Della Badia: Yes Ike. So what you saw is about the 260 point decline in our gross margin. Importantly while we are pulling back in promotion activities we did versus last year about a 100 points of pressure from North America outlet in higher product and sourcing cost accounted for the other half. As we said in Analyst Day we're continuing to invest in our products and innovation, quality and putting value in our product for our consumer and then FX was the remainder.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, in terms of the logo business in outlet much more significant than it is in our retail business. It's running right now at about 40% of total sales that's across all categories, handbag specifically it's about 26% of the business in bags. So it's still an important category for us in outlet.
