Lew Frankfort: Yes, I just have one another comment on that. The stores that we closed were at the end of their lease, and so we chose opportunistically to close those stores at the end of a lease action.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first for context, we are in about 1000 locations, and there are a substantial additional number of locations that we think are appropriate for Coach where our consumers shop. We’re contemplating opening about 100 additional locations this year. In terms of our wholesale business overall, it’s a very sharp focus for us, and we are looking to open about 20 shops or rather I should say where we’re renovating about 20 shops before the holiday and another 30 after Christmas. Beyond that, we’re moving to open case line where we have about, I believe about 20 locations today with open case line, and we’re moving to about 300 locations in open case line. We’re excited about the appointment of Jason Bunch, as noted. He has spearheaded the re-launch of our footwear, proven merchant, and very versatile up in that channel. So, overall we’re very enthusiastic, so when we talk about our case line, we’re moving to actually open sell from case line to be more precise. 
Lew Frankfort: Sure, first for a context, when we talk about our women’s handbag and accessories business in North America, it should be noted that we’ve been challenged in the global portion of our business only. Our leather business is extremely healthy and robust. And as we move into this fiscal year as Victor mentioned both on the factory side and on the full price side, we’re focusing primarily on leather-based collections and CAPSULE is also going to provide us with an additional group of what we would call aspirational and more sophisticated products. Overall, our [AGT] is expected to be about the same, and the average handbag we’re looking to be slightly up in the neighborhood of $300, that’s somewhat higher.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Actually, we are just beginning our second month, so everything we say is based on pretty much the last 30 days, and we’re pleased with the improvements. We made changes in a variety of areas; first, we have moved to horizontal navigation. But we have elevated photography which does include on-figure handbag shops, stronger product pages, and the alike, and what we’re finding is an overall increase in demand. We do have a reduced bounce rate and improve conversion rate. And we are also finding that a greater portion of people are engaging with mobile and tablets just because it’s easier to navigate. So net-net, we’re very pleased, and as you know today that the digital world is more in a constant evolution.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. How are you, Barbara? Thank you for your continued interest in our international business as we can always count on you. In terms of, first, I’ll start with your last section which is footwear. We have been very pleased with the initial rollout this past quarter here in North America, whereas I mentioned in our speakers’ notes, we’re seeing penetration really from the start of the launch at 12% compared to 7% last year. Some great news in further – a little bit more texture is that we’ve seen the AUR increase 20% year-over-year as we’ve move to much more of a fashion-based collection from traditional sneaker and moccasin-based business that we were in the past. So that points to really promising news moving forward. In addition, internationally, really the launch is taking place in the month of September as we’ve been gearing up with the international last, and so we’re really excited about that, some initial tests in Japan and in China in very select doors points to also very promising direction there, so we’re very excited. In terms of digital internationally; we have, as we’ve discussed in the past, a pretty robust business in Japan and that is one of our leading doors as it is here in North America, and we’re really leveraging a lot of the learnings that our North American digital team has been taking into the channel here and leveraging them in Japan quite effectively. As you know in China, very young business, we’re just about to comp our first year, and there we are very excited because we are seeing distribution, whereas today we have doors in 47 cities, we’re seeing distribution in I believe now over 110 cities. It is giving us very good indication of the opportunities outside of locations where we exist today. We are seeing a consumer that is a little bit more youthful, younger than the traditional consumer in our stores, and even seeing categories such as jewelry doing better online that we have not seen in our stores. So, a lot of learning that we are leveraging in the quarters ahead. I’m especially excited about a lot of the work that we’re doing internationally and engaging with the consumer through social media, whether it’s in Japan, Korea through Facebook where we’ve just started, and in China especially through Sina Weibo where we have consistently been the number one international fashion brand there approaching now 700,000 fans online, which is a very strong point of engagement between ourselves and our consumers. In terms of the international tourists, there is a lot of puts and takes there of course as our awareness grows globally. We begin to see different tourist opportunities. I would say that the most recent trends point of course to the continued very strong growth of the Chinese tourists, which is a very major part of our business now outside of Mainland, China, of course across Asia, here in the U.S and as well in our European capital flagships. We have seen a little bit of a downshift in the Japanese tourists. This is of course driven more by the impact of the yen as the Japanese consumer has decided to shop more at home, and now we’re seeing the most recent trends are very promising and pointing to increasing flows of tourists from Indonesia and Thailand where we are growing our businesses through very good domestic partners and slowly but surely beginning to see our Brazilian tourist business also pick up, especially in the Miami area and here in New York city.
Lew Frankfort: Well first, fortunately when we’re moving to a system where we will no longer need cash wraps, so we’re going to be able to eliminate cash wrap stations and use that additional space for productivity. And in terms of driving productivity in our stores, our overall footprint is adequate. What’s critical is for us to create more surprise, more moments, and more unexpected, and you are going to see as we move forward in which we’ve already begun within our stores a merchandising configuration that does encourage exploration, and we’ll tell a much more complete story on that, we believe, it’s going to resonate very well with consumers.
Lew Frankfort: First, let me begin by saying that we’ve been doing this for a long time. We have a strong and seasoned management team and a strong bench. I know some of you are concerned. We do expect this to be a seamless transition, and we’re committed to delivering strong top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon. We have a great grand, we have excellent business equities, and we have an exceptional group of people working at Coach. So, as I’ve said before, stay tuned and have a good day everybody.
