Victor Luis: Well, total tapestry Bob, we're more in the mid-to high teens today in terms of sales to Chinese consumers, which compares with some of the traditional luxury brands being as high as 30 a more. So really points to still tremendous opportunity for us and which is one of the reasons we're incredibly excited about the investments we're making in that market across all the brands. As we've pointed in the past, all of the conditions there still point to tremendous opportunity for growth. You've got a very large market, very fast growing middle class. Coach, which is the most mature brand in that market has a 32% unaided awareness, which points to tremendous opportunity still as well for that brand and as well for Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade, which are doing very well in the early stages there based on our experience of course over the last decade with Coach and have unaided awareness in the 2% to 3% range. And today we've touched 70 cities with our brands, which compares with 160 cities in that market that have a population of a million a more. So just really excited about the opportunity there that consumer in the category there with the Chinese consumer continues to outpace the growth that we're seeing globally overall and some of the current fluctuation that we see are nothing new to what we've seen in the last decade, especially driven by of course exchange rates fluctuations.
Victor Luis: No, look if we take a look at both the fourth quarter and the first quarter and take a look at the two-year stack in brick-and-mortar you'll see that performances has been quite consistent. Obviously there was a little bit of support from the Internet business as we are no longer comping the flash pull back that we had last year. Incredibly pleased with the work that the team has done in driving all of our synergies and of course that's reflected in the 270 Bps gross margin improvement that we saw and as you suggested, we've always talked about the inflection taking place in the second half once we get new product into stores, which we're very excited about. So not only are the internal teens excited about it because they we've already bought it. All of that is heading in Q3, but we're also getting excitement from our wholesale customers, which we've seen in their enthusiasm and as I mentioned in my notes Bob, the capsule that we've launched for a couple of weeks got really nice positive reaction. So overall, very pleased. What we're seeing still today is just consistent performance over the last quarter, which has been impacted by the continued lack of newness until Nicholas collection comes in and potentially a small pull forward in sales in the quarter which was really reflected in the strong and immediate impact that we saw from loyal customers to the tragic news of our founder's passing. So all pointing towards the guidance that we've given.
Victor Luis: In Q1, we were very pleased with the performance in both North America and international. As we look forward, we believe that we will be able to achieve the low single-digit comps in our guidance and obviously Q1 has the easier compare and as we go into the next quarters and particularly to the holiday period we have no change in our expectation either on the overall comp or on the geographic distribution of that.
Victor Luis: Sure. Actually very exciting and this upcoming week we begin very much on-time deliveries of our pre-spring products. So we are now fully back on track and on time and all of that product benefits from a lot of the work that the team has done in regards to fit and comfort and fashion. So very excited about that. Of course the read that we have on that product right now is both the orders from wholesale as well of course as our own internal teams buying it for our other stores. So in many ways I would say that we are returning to the core strengths of the brand. From a marketing perspective, you have seen that we've been very focused on one of the brand's strengths for the fall winter season, which of course is boots and booties and very excited with the launch as I mentioned in my notes of our newest category, which is in the sneaker space the SW 612 sneaker, which has been very well received and the team has been in chase mode right now to put back into inventory globally. So I would say that Eraldo and the team of course now focused on execution into the future seasons, but from basically the first week of November we're back to very timely deliveries quality and are on track and have put the issues of the spring behind us.
Victor Luis: Yeah the vast majority across all the brands now are complete. So I would not expect anything further in the near-term as we have very much now executed to our strategy of capturing the biggest opportunities, which we mentioned of course being in Asia and with a focus on the Chinese consumer. And then in terms of U.S. and international, I'll let Josh touch on that.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. Just want to say thank you to all of you joining us as usual and want to close by congratulating all of our Tapestry and brand teams as we celebrate the first anniversary of rebranding. They worked incredibly hard and I could not be prouder of our 20,000 strong team members across of the globe. More importantly we're laying an incredible foundation for a robust business model at the house of strong brands and I could not be more excited by the endless opportunity ahead of us. Thank you.
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, in both channels, we have a strategy of good, better, best and what you see in the retail channel is that AUR continue to be down reflective of our deliberate strategy to build the $300 to $500 price bucket, which really started in the spring in the second half of our fiscal '18 and some of the strength of those introduction notably Parker and Charlie continued into the first quarter. In addition, we were really pleased by the introduction of Dreamer, Victor referenced in his opening remarks and that starts really -- the key skew start $4.95 and up from there. So we're feeling really good about our price mix in the retail channel. In the outlet channel, also as Victor mentioned, we were encouraged by the customer response to the edit, where we did see a higher maintained AUR in that particular product. Of course the edit represented a relatively small penetration to the total and so as a result, it didn't have a meaningful impact on the EUR in outlet in a significant way. That said, as you know our gross margin outlet and specifically in North America outlet, it expanded significantly in the first quarter and so we were really pleased with the learnings we've seen on the edit and we are introducing an even broader array of newness with the holiday floor set that launches over the weekend. So we're excited about what we're seeing and we look forward to seeing the customer's reaction to this as we go into the peak of the holiday season.
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, the promotional environment really didn't change that much from what we've been seeing for most of the calendar year. And as I mentioned, we were able in that environment to deliver significant expansion in our gross margin. So we expanded 250 basis point from the prior year and specifically within there are our North America gross margin did expand significantly from last year as well as our entire North America direct businesses.
Joshua Schulman: So we couldn't be more excited about having Michael B. Jordan as our first global face for the Coach men's business. We've talked before as you know about the importance of men's as a driver for total Coach growth and it's currently about 20% of our business and we see a clear path to $1 billion and beyond. And the collaboration with Michael B. Jordan really started in quite inorganic way because he was already wearing Coach in a lot of his appearances and we saw that he has a truly universal appeal and is really hitting his stride in his career and the types of projects and the types of preps he is getting. I will tell you that a steward and the entire team are so excited to be working with them. I don't know if you saw in social media, they were posting already this weekend shooting their first campaign together. They're already working on a product capsule and so this is really organic energy around him and the values that he represents and the universal appeal that he holds. So we're looking forward to great things from the collaboration.
Joshua Schulman: Thank you. And mark in terms of the tourists flow, it's pretty consistent over the last few quarters. What we're seeing is Asia performing better overall as the PRC consumer, the Chinese consumer continues to discover those markets from Japan down into Southeast Asia and Australia much more so today than the US or Europe. So pretty consistent trends.
Joshua Schulman: And the margins as well. We saw global increases in margins and I specifically mentioned North America Direct and North America outlet. As you remember last year, we were particularly challenged in that channel with mix issues, but we did see it globally, the margin expansion.
Kevin Wills: Sure. Good morning. Overall we were very pleased with the gross margin performance for the quarter as we indicated up about 170 basis points. We have not giving specific guidance on a gross margin increase for the year, but reflective in our guidance, we are expecting aggregate gross margin expansion for the year. As Victor mentioned earlier, we feel good about the synergy work we're doing which was reflective in part in the Kate gross margin performance for the quarter.
Kevin Wills: Sure. This is Kevin. I will take the tariff question. As you indicated the 5%, excuse me, the 10% tariff went into effect in the latter part of September increasing to 25% January 1. We have included that in our guidance and it is having a little bit of a headwind for us. But as we indicated in our comments, the good news is our production of China is less than 5%, on handbags and small leather goods. So while a little bit of a headwind, it's certainly not material impact at this point.
Kevin Wills: At this moment, we have no such plans. Of course we'll continue to look at what happens should think ship, but at the moment, we have no such plans.
