Lew Frankfort: First, our Q4 overall comps were better than Q3. And our performance was consistent throughout the quarter driven, as we said earlier, by a sharp increase in conversion. And that trend continues through today.
Lew Frankfort: She's primarily in here 20s and early 30s. She is a young professional. She values shopping as one of her favorite pastimes and she does look at value and innovation and brand. And she really has embraced Coach. When we look of what she's purchasing, she's purchasing in the main, what consumers are purchasing in other parts of the world. And for its equivalent, the price points are pretty similar to the $200 to $300 sweet spot, adjusted of course for the pricing in China. She actually has, on the mainland in Shanghai and Beijing, she actually has a household income of about $35,000, which is exciting. And the middle-class, as you know, is growing at a -- last year 40%. We don't have the more recent numbers, but it could very well continue at a 40% level. What we're also particularly pleased about as we go into the second-tier and third-tier cities, being the first imported luxury accessories brand, the first imported accessories brand, we're doing extremely well. A lot better than our pro formas, and it bodes well from very substantial distribution in China. And just for context, there are over 300 cities in China with more than 1 million people. Quite remarkable.
Lew Frankfort: I'll answer the second part first. I saw the mention in Women's wear. I actually got lots of e-mails. And there's absolutely no truth to that. You can't believe everything you read. And in fact, it's not something that we're contemplating, private label. We have abundant opportunities organically to grow the Coach brand and that's what we're focused on in addition to the launch of the RK brand. I'm going to ask Mike Tucci to take the first part of your question, Brian.
Lew Frankfort: First, with regard to Shoes, as Shoes, Fragrance, Watches, Sunwear and the like, all of the categories are doing very well both at wholesale and, from our point of view, more importantly, in our own distribution. We're actually going to be expanding footwear into Asia with an Asian fit, which we know will be enormously helpful. Dana, in terms of Men's, we believe that Men's isn't going to be another major growth area for us. And it's early days, but we would be disappointed if the Men's global sales did not reach and exceed 10% of our overall sales over the next few years, up from the 3% to 4% this past year. So if you do the math, it’s going to add $300 million to our business as we approach $500 million. So it will be significant. As far as the margins are concerned -- just lastly, margins, we use the same rigor and the same approach, and the margins are consistent with the Women's side.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, for context, we just interviewed 5,100 active Coach users as part of a semiannual survey in June. And our consumers are feeling better than they have in over two years. And it’s quite encouraging that 30% of consumers, as an example, feel that the economy is getting better. And if you just roll back one year, it was only 8%. So for the first time in two years, a majority of consumers believe the market, the economy’s either going to stabilize or improve. And that's compared to a low point last year around the 20%. So consumers are feeling a lot better. I also feel that we will continue our moderate recovery. And even if we do slip into a slight GDP decline, we don't think it's going to materially affect the discretionary spending on Coach. Because what consumers are telling us also in the survey, that their intention to purchase Coach over the next 12 months has dramatically increased from six months ago, which bodes well. Lastly, of course, we are increasingly global and there's a lot of strong growth for us in Asia. Men's, we're in really the formative stages and you will hear us talking about Men's as another major platform in the months ahead.
Lew Frankfort: Absolutely. I mean, there's a variety of ways to look at it. Compared to last year, she's far more optimistic and I think that will be reflected in spending; not necessarily across all brands and concepts, but those who innovate and call for good value. I also think sequentially, from the first half to the second half, we see also improvement.
Lew Frankfort: I think our results speak for themselves. Our outlook is robust. We feel are coming out of this year extremely strong as a team. Wherever we travel and speak to consumers, we feel we've never been better-positioned for the future than we are today. So as I said last quarter, stay tuned. And thank you, and have a good day.
Michael Devine: Getting to the second part of your question, while we don't disaggregate our comps, I think this was the first call in recent quarters where we did say both channels were positive during the quarter.
Michael Devine: Sure. So we will be up against some very challenging gross margin rate compared to the second half. We recorded 74% in Q3 and north of 73% in this quarter we've just completed. So honestly, I think it's unlikely that we'll be able to hold to those levels in the back half, but we have all the confidence that we'll be able to continue to deliver gross margin rates in the 72% to 73% range, and likely have to have an opportunity, or let me say a chance, depending on how things fall out. Jerry said it's very dynamic. That year-over-year total year gross margin rate should approximate FY '10’s rates in FY '11, with favorability first half and less favorable compared to [ph] (1:04:33) back half.
Michael Devine: I think what we said all through the quarter and with the release is that we had positive comps in both Full Price and Factory that the channels performed very well. And more consistently, as that performance converges, it's obviously a positive for us in overall productivity. And as we saw traffic in Q4, very consistent with where we were for Q3. And while it's very early in the quarter, our trends in July have remained very consistent. We feel very good about where we are.
Michael Devine: Thank you, Andrea. This is Mike. I just wanted to make a clarification from some of the prepared remarks that I gave earlier, particularly around expectations for our North American comp. I wanted to make sure that it was clear that our expectation has delivered low- to mid-single-digit comps for North America, and that they will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of calendar timing. So thank you. And, Lew, I'll turn it over to you.
