Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Bob. So as – we're pleased with the performance in both our channels actually and as you know, it's – we are starting to see the impact of the transformation taking hold. So in retail, brand innovation is really taking hold with the broader distribution, our $400 and above AUR bags are up on a comp basis. They represent more than 55% of our business. We're seeing in outlets as well innovation increasing with – taking inspiration from our own retail collections with, for example, last quarter, after all explosion that did very well. So, pleased across both channels. No major difference in traffic between channels.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: So by the end of this fiscal year, we would have closed about 250 doors. We continue to look at our wholesale channel and to pull out of doors that we feel don't make sense from our perspective and perspective of our partners and we want to continue to look at promotions very carefully and to partner with our department store wholesale partners to continue to reduce promotional pressure. In terms of margin, as you know, the wholesale businesses represent a very small part of Coach's overall business, so we don't see a material impact from that perspective.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: So we haven't seen the outlet pricing environment improve. If anything, it's become more competitive, more promotional over the last couple of quarters at least. And we've tried to manage that basically through an increased pipeline of innovation.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: We were pleased with our performance in outlets in Q3, again, driven mostly by product innovation. Frankly, we haven't seen an improvement in the competitive environment at all compared to Q2. It's remained as promotional, if not more so, than in Q2.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. I'll ask Andre to speak a little bit about obviously the closures that we had talked about in our speakers' notes and thinking go forward.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Let me touch on that. Good morning, David. Certainly, look, there's been a tremendous level of innovation across full-price handbags and 1941. We've benefited from that. I think the consumer is perceiving the value at those price points which speaks to both design, quality of the leathers, and obviously make. And of course, as you mentioned, the total store experience with our sales teams benefiting tremendously from the Coach journey and modern luxury sales training that we've put in place and we've seen that impact our secret shopper scores as we mentioned in our speakers' notes, up from 75% about a year ago now to over 85%, which really speaks to consumers engaging, understanding the transformation. Certainly, as we go forward there is still opportunity for us to be innovative across the lower price points in the full price category. And I think you'll continue to see us, as we mentioned in the speakers' notes, work very hard to make our full-price business a year-around gifting destination with innovation across all price buckets.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: We've been pretty consistent, Erinn. Obviously, we've talked just about great brands. I wouldn't comment any more specifically than the comments that we've laid out in our speakers' notes and what we've talked about in the past. Obviously, we're looking to leverage the strengths that we have as an organization whether that be our supply chain or whether that be, of course, our ability to develop and grow brands globally and leverage the teams that we have across the world who are very gifted and proven in growing brand at retail. At this point, I simply would not comment any further on acquisition activity and won't do so unless and until there's something specific to announce.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Omar, and thanks for the question. Look, certainly, we have a very gifted and talented team. And obviously, with the work that we've done with Coach, this isn't our first transformation. There are folks in this company who have been here 20 years, 25 years, who have gone through this in the past with our first what one could consider our first transformation just prior to our IPO, and obviously also speaks to the fact that we have a great brand in Coach. Specific to your question around whether we're interested in turnarounds, first and foremost, Omar, we're looking for great brands, brands that have the potential for growth. Brand health and consumer perception for us is absolutely critical. We're not looking for brands that have, in essence, lost their way or need to be completely repaired or repositioned in the minds of consumers. Healthy brands that have a unique positioning and that certainly allow us to use the skill sets that you referred to, to diversify whether that be our consumer target or a specific consumer attitude or segments of the markets or perhaps the geography channel or category are what interests most and what we're most focused on. I think that Stuart Weitzman, of course, is an acquisition that we're extremely pleased with and is a good example of that.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Dana. First, on Selena, we're really pleased, obviously, with our partnership so far. It's in its very, very early stages. And in fact, had a big day with Selena yesterday as she wore Coach for the Met Gala, and the play that we're seeing in both digital and traditional media, television to newspapers, magazines, and of course, all of their online channels, has been absolutely terrific, if not electric, in the last 24 hours. We expect Selena to really kick off, however, fully with the very first handbag campaign that will hit in July. That will then lead to through all the fall winter, and then later this year, we will be shooting the campaign for next spring-summer. And so we have a full year ahead really of activities and advertising that will hit, featuring Selena and, of course, leveraging her very, very extensive online following, where I believe today she's north of 116 million to 117 million followers on Instagram alone. As it refers to the above – and just to close on your marketing question, I would not expect total marketing dollars to change beyond what we are investing this year on a go-forward basis. In terms of the penetration on the above $400, Dana, I would not expect a significant additional growth in handbag AUR. Certainly, there's a potential for ticket growth as we launch other categories whether that be ready-to-wear, of course, our soft accessories and footwear becomes an increasingly important category for us as well.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: First, on outlet, I'll let Andre jump in and then Kevin will answer your question on total gross margin.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. First and most importantly, we expect to drive operating leverage in the Coach brand and our sales growth beyond 2017. As you suggested at our Analyst Day, we guided that Coach brand will get back to best-in-class by 2019. And at this juncture, given the lack of visibility in the current environment, putting a specific number out there for what best-in-class will be two years down the road would simply be an exercise in fall's precision. Look, of course, both Coach brand and Coach, Inc. today continue to evolve in terms of our channel mix, geographic mix, our category mix as we bring footwear and other categories in-house to become a more important part of our business. And it's very likely that we will be a very different company by 2019. Our focus has been and will continue to be overall profitable growth and operating margin dollars.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. First on your question on 1941 and Selena, they're not, definitely not looking at different strategies if you will, both intended to drive brand relevance and engagements across a broad consumer. In the case of 1941, our initial strategy was very much focused on engaging the upper end of the wholesale channel, both here in North America and in Europe. But we're really pleased with the engagement that we're seeing in our entire full price fleet with all of Coach consumers, both lapsed and new consumers coming into the brand. The Selena strategy is very much about bringing the transformation message, leveraging, of course, a very strong digitally engaged celebrity across her channels as well as our own channels, not only here in North America but globally and bringing more awareness of what we're doing to that broader consumer. Her collaboration with Stuart on the handbag, which launches this fall and a couple of other small items that we're very excited about should help us as well. It is priced at a sharper price points. And then the traditional 1941 collection in handbags, which has been above $500 and the Selena handbag will be below $500. On the category in mid-single digits, I think the – look, the most certainly pullback in department stores is one key factor. There's no doubt about that. And once we see some of the cross-channel tensions, if you will, settle, one would expect the category to grow more robustly. I think at the end of the day, it's going to come down to innovation. It's going to come down to consumers engaging with great brands and everything that we're doing is very, very much focused on that. What I would share as I've shared with all of you very consistently. I just don't feel that there is a better category in the fashion space to be in as handbags and accessories continues to be the category that consumers use most as an investment item to express their individuality and everything that we're doing is focused on playing a leadership role in this space.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Andrea. As has become our custom, I just want to close by congratulating our global teams, both within the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman brands for all of their hard work and dedication to our brands and to our consumers. I could not be prouder of them and their commitment for continuing to drive innovation, strong engagement with our consumers across the globe and excellence in execution of our strategy. And it's truly thanks to them that I remain incredibly confidence in our future as a house of consumer-led brands that is focused on innovation and long-term sustainable growth. Thank you.
Kevin G. Wills: Sure. Good morning, Oliver. On the – if I understood your question around average unit costs and related to the margin versus the increased cost, obviously, there's a balancing act there as we are elevating part of the 1941 product. There's more cost that go into that, but we're balancing that. You think about the components of our bags whether it's the leather, the tanning, the hardware, each have their own individual kind of inflationary, deflationary factors. So it's a – again, it's a balance and we're looking that across the chain. And I think you're seeing that balance work itself out in our gross margin rate performance.
Kevin G. Wills: Well, good morning, Anna. I think, we outlined basically our expectations for the balance of – for the full year and given the Q3 year-to-date results, you can see it affecting what we're expecting for the fourth quarter. We're continuing to expect improved performance in the fourth quarter. On the Easter shift, there's a number of, kind of, puts and takes on the sales line in the quarter. But that was probably about a, let's call it, around a point impact in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, as -imprecise size, but we'd estimate around a point in the gross margin. Probably we're not seeing improvement in the fourth quarter.
Kevin G. Wills: And Mark, this is Kevin. On the gross margin, obviously, we're not providing any outlook or guidance as it relates to 2018 at this point in time. So, no specific comments on that. However, as we've clearly articulated, we do see there's an opportunity to increase the operating margin of this business over time. And all the actions we're taking, we hope we'll be able to improve the bottom line. But no specific comments at this time relative to 2018.
Kevin G. Wills: Sure, Michael. This is Kevin. Obviously, as you noted there's some puts and takes with some of the timing. At a top line level, I would say somewhere around plus mid-single digits versus the 13-week reported basis in 2016, which was at $1.070 billion. I wasn't here, but I know in the press release last year in the fourth quarter, we did call out the impact of the 53rd week on the revenue, and it was around $84 million, and I believe about $0.07 a share. So between those two, I believe, you would be able to back end an approximate number.
Kevin G. Wills: On the inventory level, we feel very good about where we ended the quarter. Obviously, we've commented on sales expectations for the fourth quarter. So, we believe inventory is in line with our sales expectation and certainly from a currency and content perspective, we feel good about the inventory.
