Jane Nielsen: Sure. For clarification, what we said is without the impact of the acquisitions, we would have had some leverage from sales to EPS growth. And our gross margin, as I called out, was impacted by acquisitions by about 30 basis points.
Jane Nielsen: So, Jessica, what you saw is that we had a 72.8% gross margin, about even with prior year. And what we're calling out is that our sourcing initiatives and improvements there were able to offset about 30 basis points of pressure from the repurchase inventory in the acquisitions. So excluding acquisitions, we would have seen gross margins up 30 basis points. On the cost side, what we're seeing as we move through these acquisitions that we expect, as I called out in the prepared remarks, about 150 basis points of pressure on our SG&A line from the acquisition as we move through the year, heaviest in the first half, it eases in the second half.
Jane Nielsen: So what we would have seen excluding the acquisition is our operating margin would have been about -- we would have seen operating margin compression about 80 basis points. And that was expected given the distortion of marketing into the first quarter to support Legacy.
Jane Nielsen: We're feeling very good about our gross margin position. I think that our -- with the sourcing initiatives that we put in place continue to work, it's offsetting the pressure that we've seen from the acquired inventory. And so we feel we're on a good trajectory, and we're pleased, as Mike mentioned, with our factory store and full price store gross margin in the quarter.
Victor Luis: Given the overall context of the markets and of course, our overall higher comp base, we are extremely pleased with the growth that we have shown in the quarter. And I think it's a strong reflection of the relevance of our products. And to the second part of your question, the performance of Legacy. As Mike touched on in his comments, Legacy is truly resonating globally, not just here in North America. And we're especially pleased with its performance in China where it is becoming a very strong second pillar for us alongside Madison. Madison has been, since our launch in China with the takeback of the business, a true iconic collection for us and continues to be a very strong recruiting tool as such. And now Legacy is a second pillar and especially relevant with current Coach fans that are looking for a more subtle, more fashionable collection from a multi-category perspective. We're especially pleased in China with the performance of Men's and as well, even outerwear where in certain locations we're seeing double-digit penetrations of Legacy outerwear. So overall, a strong story.
Victor Luis: Sure. The only place where we tested it and experimented, as Mike mentioned, has been in Japan. Important to note though that our e-mail database there is quite small, so it is a very tiny experimentation at the moment. And as we learn more in the U.S. and continue to grow our database, we will revisit it in the years ahead.
Victor Luis: And to your second question on e-commerce sites, as we discussed, at the beginning of next month, we will go live, e-commerce in China, which follows up on our first international site in Japan. Right now, we're very focused on transforming our informational sites across our other direct to Asian markets into fuller marketing sites, including the leverage of mobile and iPad apps, as well then from there the possibility of partnering with our distributor partners in other markets and looking at future developments in the e-commerce space.
Michael D. Tucci: I'll give it a crack, and I will -- let me address on the full price side, there's been some noise on the investor's side around promotional activity. We actually saw a very healthy quarter in our full price business. We were extremely pleased with Legacy and the performance of our business across men's and women's. And promotional activity is actually down. So what I think occurred out there, which was a pickup on your side a bit, was we did experiment with some customer acquisition, third-party opportunities within the digital space. And that created some noise in the marketplace. We'll continue to probe on that and experiment, but it's really not a large segment of our business. On the factory side, as we stated in Q4, we were going to take a more promotional stance in our stores around in-store marketing. And that proved to be very successful. And I might add there that we're really pleased on the factory side, as we return to marketing tactics in-store. We're able to maintain very high margin rates consistent with prior year and get the productivity levels back.
Michael D. Tucci: We are -- we're really, I would say, in exploration mode on the flash side. It is a very targeted program to a discrete audience of factory-only consumers, with targeted pricing, margin structure that we love, response rate and performance that we control. And we'll continue to use this. This is just an extension of us moving into the digital world and leveraging it across channels and across customer types in a targeted way.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. I'll take most of that. Our Legacy development today is focused solely on full price across Men's and women's. We are in the very, very early days of development. We have tremendous innovation and newness coming into the marketplace there across silhouette, fabrication. There is not any need for us to think about Legacy as a factory platform. In fact, we're looking at newness and elevation within factory stores outside of Legacy as we head into the fourth quarter -- third and fourth quarter of '13 and into '14 where we have exciting platforms there, leather and fabric based. So Legacy is really a full price proposition going forward. And yes, when I was speaking to margin, what I was talking about margin rate in factory stores during the quarter, holding its own against the change in the promotional strategy, which we're very pleased with.
Michael D. Tucci: Lew, just to build on that in terms of marketing, where I would point to is our efforts to enhance our store environments, not only through window presentation but in-store environments. We did make a strong investment going into the year and through the quarter in the top 100 stores. In full price, we got credit there. Our flagship stores outperformed in the quarter, driven by, I think, a more comprehensive Legacy presentation, including Men's that really cut through. We'll continue to build on that. And what we're seeing out there, including in key department store locations, tremendous appetite or range of price points and product offer and handbags within Legacy and all our collections. And I think we have to continue to take advantage of that from a marketing and positioning standpoint in the marketplace.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. very much consistent with prior years, little bit of nuance by store attribute, so you'll see some distortion in higher price points in flagship stores and more balance in primary stores. We are making a stronger play in what I would call tech accessories. That's kind of obvious given what's going on in the marketplace. It's also a price point opportunity, a color opportunity. So you'll see us go after that in both channels, frankly. And we feel like from a gifting standpoint, having Men's and women's more bold in more stores offers us a nice advantage this holiday versus prior years.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes. I think Lew touched on that earlier. We're really seeing a broad response to Legacy across existing and new consumers, terrific response to Legacy in the department store channel where we've seen tremendous impacts on leather based and penetrations of leather go up. The other nice thing about Legacy from a handbag standpoint is it's landing right in our sweet spot in terms of average unit retail, right in that $300 range with, again, some headroom to move up with elevated product in select stores going forward.
Michael D. Tucci: You said it all. We are -- first of all, we're -- we believe in the department store channel in North America. We believe in our partners there. We believe in our leadership position there. We have really put our noses into that business. We understand the competitive set well. I think the Herald Square effort, which was led by Lew and the management team here speak to our commitment in the channel. We're going to school there. We will be relentless. We will look for opportunity, and we'll manage our business one customer at a time in the same way that we manage our business in all of our other channels.
Michael D. Tucci: We're really looking to optimize productivity there. Sell-in, things like replenishment and the opportunity to maintain consistency in the channel, newness, potential product development opportunities within the channel, it's across all areas. What we want to manage there is focus on the locations that we're in, how to make them more productive and to point our inventory into the right stores at the right time and turn that business and move it forward.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes, the big opportunity on the department store side, particularly with Macy's but I think with others, too, is to really focus on EDI and to focus on getting into a replenishment business across key styles that we can own and manage. We own the inventory. We're working very closely. As we look into Q2 from a readiness standpoint, we feel like we have a very good pipe. We are being more conservative with our ship into that channel, but as we see the business move and we see traction, we have the opportunity to chase and to replenish into that business in a very productive way.
Michael D. Tucci: Oh, I'm sorry. Men's lift, well, the reality for us here is that while we pushed -- from a North America standpoint, we pushed Men's into about 100 stores in what we would call a significant way. And it's been both a comp and customer acquisition driver for us. We now have Men's in all stores, either through CBSR or in some opening assortment way going into the holiday season, which I think provides us further opportunity within the quarter.
Michael D. Tucci: I think on the Men's side, as I touched on earlier, while we haven't broken out specifically what the Men's contribution is, it is a positive driver from a productivity standpoint. And absolutely, we are looking from a format standpoint as well as within existing locations how we can get Men's product into our stores. I mentioned Pentagon City in my prepared remarks. That's a store where we've expanded and relocated in a mall to add a Men's store within side by side our women's store, where we've essentially seen the Men's business come from 0 in the prior store to a very significant Men's contribution relative to women's. So we're looking at that as a concept for us to potentially expand further in top locations and build out in addition to adding Men's into all stores going forward.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. On the promotional side across full price and factory channel, very consistent with prior years. I think the only nuance out there is the method of delivery. What we put in the mail, what we put -- what we're doing digitally and how we might play with regard to third-party opportunities. But our plans today are very consistent with last year. In terms of mix on products, penetrations over $400 were essentially the same in Q1. I think you've heard me this morning speak about what I'm sensing as an opportunity for more elevated products, which I think may have an impact on that price tiering going forward. We did see some improvement in ADT overall, which we are very pleased with. And we think we're extremely well positioned from a gifting and pricing standpoint across all channels as we head into the holiday quarter.
Michael D. Tucci: I think that the only piece that I'd add to that is as we've been able to really work our Men's product and work on our positioning in Men's, the team has done a tremendous job in terms of cost retail relationship there, so as we grow our Men's business to become a margin benefit for us in full price. And that's been a terrific win for us.
Lew Frankfort: It's really all of the above, and it varies a lot by market. What we're finding is that some of the Legacy styles that are extremely reminiscent of the styles that were in existence 20 or 30 years ago are particularly appealing to an existing consumer, the larger bags. At the same time, the smaller bags are doing -- which are trend right, are doing very well with younger consumers. Overall, we're finding that we are appealing to new consumers, existing consumers and lapsed consumers. It all depends on the market and the circumstance.
Lew Frankfort: It's actually a very substantial opportunity, as consumers are looking for convenience and they're also looking for limited edition factory product. And again, just to reiterate, we -- this is a focus on consumers who only purchase in factory stores. We do not offer this opportunity to full price consumers. So what we're doing is we're leveraging the opportunity among existing brand-loyal Coach factory store consumers to give them the opportunity for a time-limited circumstance to buy factory product at a great price.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first to your general question on marketing, we are approaching both -- we're approaching Legacy and our new collections in the dual-gender manner. If you look at our print ads and you look at all of our digital advertising, you'll see both dual-gender products as well as women's products and Men's products featured in a lifestyle manner with people who personify the Coach brand. And so we have a layered approach on the marketing. More specifically, when we think of marketing, it's not only advertising, but it's store windows. It's the store environment. And when you visit our stores today, you'll see a Men's presence in most of our store windows. You will also see in our flagship locations a very strong head-to-toe lifestyle presentation. And we feel quite good about our ability to convey a broader world of Coach that's more modern, more emotional and more relevant.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks. Pretty much everything has been said. I'll just close by saying we had a good quarter where we have traction on all of our initiatives. We're well positioned for holiday, and our opportunities for long-term growth continue to be abundant. And we're going to take advantage of all of them. Thank you, everyone, and have a good day.
