Jide Zeitlin: Good morning, Bob and thank you for that distinct question. But let me maybe take the latter part of your question first. To be clear, as we look at transforming Tapestry, it’s not about shrinking our total revenue or earnings to drive future growth. We’re focused on sustained growth and returns from here. We’ll grow from fiscal year 2020 results, excluding any impact, the impact of the coronavirus situation and so to just be to be doubly clear, we're not going to be satisfied with another flat year. We’re committed to drawing a line under the current results. So, to turn really to the meat of your question, if coming out of the diagnostic work we’ve done in recent months here, we’re focused on five core opportunities. One is, becoming truly consumer centric. The second is to create a culture here at Tapestry and across our three brands that enables faster decisions that are more responsive to consumer desires. The third is to use data to inform forward decisions. The fourth is better aligning our operating model with our product positioning. And then the fifth is to more clearly define the purpose of each of our brands. I know as much as I love to expand on each one of those, now is not the time to do so. I’ll leave that to the Investor and Analyst Day that I mentioned earlier. However, why don't I just maybe take a moment and give you a couple of examples of what it is we have in mind. And perhaps the first one would be around consumer centricity and I know that a lot of companies are focused of becoming consumer centric. So, let me just talk about what that means here for us at Tapestry. And for us it means improving our skills and asking questions of and listening to consumers and adopting a very rapid test and learn set of processes that feed real-time insights back into our business to inform decision-making and to inform results. Our objective is to leverage data and insights and anticipate where consumers are travelling and to be there when they arrive. And this really and one of the things that really came out of our diagnostic work is that this compares to today where in many instances we’ve erected barriers to even meeting consumers where they currently are much less where they are travelling to. Perhaps just to make it – give you an example of when I say that we’ve erected barriers, we historically discourage marketing to consumers in certain of our distribution channels, which has ultimately limited our ability to acquire new consumers. And so, as we look at integrating consumer centricity and to how we work, it will have an impact in very tangible ways weather in the product development process, whether in our marketing as I alluded to just a moment ago, certainly in our pricing and promotion decisions and so across a number of very tangible aspects of our business. The other example I might use in terms of the areas of opportunity coming out of our diagnostic work is using data to inform forward decisions. And so today, we’re very data heavy company, but we largely use data to assess past events rather than to drive predictive fact-based forward-looking decision-making. I would characterize it as we are reactive rather than being proactive and I think we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage technology and data to drive faster more insightful decisions across the enterprise and that will impact everything from supply chain to demand planning to product allocation and to buying decisions. So, without kind of going on at more length, I very much look forward to this summer, one will have an opportunity to much more and have much more in-depth discussion of the opportunities we see across the five areas that I highlighted a moment ago, which we think will truly transform our operating model allowing our operations and our organization to better anticipate and to become more responsive to changing consumer desires and in doing so in ways that will have a material, I believe revenue margin and balance sheet implications of our business.
Jide Zeitlin: But to your underlying point Alex, we do believe that represents substantial opportunity to re-gain back much of what it is that we have over an extended period of time given back. And so maybe you want to talk about signature logo.
Jide Zeitlin: And Josh has may be saying something that may have an implicit Alex in your question, even at current penetration Signature is materially below where it was in the last cycle.
Jide Zeitlin: Right. Maybe let’s look back because there’s a lot there, maybe Josh will talk about City Sole, Joanne as you all know has been the interim leader of Kate, so maybe she can talk about the – some of the Kate brand specific comment, and I’ll close out by talking about Liz Fraser the New President there, the new brand's CEO.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So, just – Oliver to you question about Liz, she is the right person at the right time for Kate Spade and that this is somebody who has 20 years of relevant industry experience and she has run the gamut from merchant roles to supply chain roles to – for the – better part of the last decade and a half, real leadership roles. She is clearly in her last two incarnations knows the ready to wear and the handbag accessory business well, and then most relevant for 14 years she was a key player in building the mark-by-mark Jacobs business from roughly 20 million in revenues to well over 750 million in revenues. So, this is a person who gets things done, has built businesses and has very good relationships with her internal teams and external teams. I followed her for over a decade and I’m really pleased that she is going to be joining us and joining the Kate Spade team.
Jide Zeitlin: And with respect to Stuart Weitzman, a couple of comments, you know, first of all and particularly on the back end here of our diagnostic work, we are quite confident in terms of the strength of that brand, you know, a brand that basically has a unique proposition as a, you know, gateway to luxury and where we think that there is a fair amount of white space above us with a distinctive heritage and, you know, DNA as you’ve heard us talk about before in terms of melding or this fusion of [European Lux] with, you know, aesthetic and craftsmanship merged with or combined with, you know, an American practicality and comfort. So, you know, fundamentally the brand, we think, is in – is a powerful brand. The – you know we’ve talked in the past about some of the challenges we had in earlier days on design and supply chain, which are working their way through the system. and so, our focus now is, you know, very firmly on the product line, and as I mentioned in my opening comments, you know, we’ve lacked innovation to just be very blunt about it, particularly in our core heritage boot offering, as well as just real distinctive newness more broadly across the product architecture to drive top line sales. The team has been very focused on that and that takes some time to just work its way through the pipeline, but we believe that – you know, that we’re making progress on that front and I'm really excited about Giorgio because he is somebody who has had a tremendous impact at every business in our organization that he has been a part of and I'm confident that coming together with the existing team at Stuart Weitzman, he’s going to have a really big impact, particularly as we look to both have a very strong base as well as to periodically have key items that we lean very heavily into. So – you know, we – it’s on the right track. I think Giorgio will help accelerate moving it further forward, and you know, it’s a business that we continue to feel very good about particularly frankly coming out of the diagnostic work.
Jide Zeitlin: I was just going to just say on the question with regard to Coach in the second half, we don’t disaggregate our – we don’t disaggregate the growth.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So, first, I just want to underscore the comments that we’ve made that I know a lot of our industry peers have made in terms of just our focus on both on our team in China on their families and on their community, but also just much more broadly to the Chinese people. Those of us that live in New York, many of us went through 9/11 and we understand just how deeply unsettling a situation such as this can be. And you know, we’ve got clearly immense confidence in the Chinese people in their character and in their resilience and believe that clearly the fear that is evident in a day-to-day basis there is one that we will abate and look for to doing everything we can as a corporate citizen to be a part of helping China more broadly return to a greater sense of normalcy as we all as global citizens have seen in so many other crisis in the world over time. So, I just want to say that and say that very clearly and heartfelt. The second comment, I would just make in closing which is one where I would like to just call out one of our many colleagues in our organization, who I had the privilege of spending time with last week and this is a gentlemen named [Darien Lewis] who is the store manager for Coach’s Chicago Premium Outlet Store. And [poor Darien] had me show up on his door step a week ago as basically one of the members of his team. I worked as a sales associate on the floor much again to the chagrin of [Darien] and his team and almost certainly to the surprise of most customers who wondered why the usual high standard of both hiring at Coach [indiscernible] dropped, but one of the things that I learned through that day, which was really humbling frankly is, first of all as we talk about consumer centricity, when you got to stand in front of a customer and figure out what she wants and try to anticipate where she is going, you learn something about consumer centricity in that. What I also learned was just how amazing the team work is and whether it’s at Coach, whether it at Kate Spade, whether it is at Stuart Weitzman in terms of how our teams support each other, how they work so well together and how they create a remarkable experience in store for our customers. Parenthetically, we smashed the sales target for that day in that store.  So, at least that part of the second half – of the second half of growth that we will disaggregate and [indiscernible] well, but I just want to say thank you to everyone within Tapestry across our fleet, across all of our three brands for everything you do because really it’s the opportunity to work with such a remarkable leadership team that makes me most proud in – to be here at Tapestry. So, thank you all for you confidence and your interest in Tapestry and we look forward to continuing the conversation, particularly as we navigate through these challenging times.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hi. I’ll jump into that and explain, you know take you through how we arrived at our assumption and, you know as you mentioned we’re monitoring the developments very closely, the situation is still unfolding and as you know it’s very dynamic. We are providing transparency based on what we’re seeing today. So, let me take you through the assumptions and how we arrived at these numbers, and then I will address the specific questions around the brands. The assumptions are based on – today, we see a low-to-mid teens percent of our business in Mainland China across all brands, with the predominance on Coach brand, where the outlook is an expectation of a 70% to 80% decrease in those sales through the rest of the year. And we arrived at the EPS estimate with an expectation of over a 50% flow-through given the high margin profile of that region China specifically and certain fixed costs that we now will continue. In terms of breaking it out by brand, we have not provided visibility by brand at this time. As we said, the situation is dynamic and is still playing out, but based on our store counts and our penetration on Mainland China it is predominantly impacting the Coach brand, has an, also has an impact on Stuart Weitzman, but to a lesser, much less extent Kate Spade. I would also add that we have, as it relates to China much lower exposure in our supply chain. So, I wanted to touch on that as well. We’ve already migrated the vast majority of our production outside of the country, less than 10% of our finished goods production is in Mainland China across all brands. More broadly, we’re looking at different scenarios as you can imagine, as well as mitigating actions to drive top line and control or reduce expenses in light of this news.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Erinn, I’ll take the second part of your question regarding our guidance. Our guidance reflects what we’re seeing today, which is an impact to our business in Mainland China, if the – you know as we’ve mentioned the situation is dynamic and unfolding. If it impacts more broadly across the globe than our results maybe different and maybe worse. However, specifically on North America, we do not anticipate or we have not in our guidance anticipated the coronavirus impact on the Chinese tourist in North America. Having said that, over the past few quarters and years we’ve been seeing a down trend in the Chinese tourists, which has been offset by the domestic business particularly in our outlet stores.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Lorraine, this is Joanne, I’ll take that. The situation is very dynamic and the teams are, you know working on mitigating actions. I’ll first say that we have globally shippable product. So, we are not constrained as to where our product goes. So, as the teams are responding, they are actively managing inventory to make sure it is in the right location to match demand and we may see different trends in the digital side of that business versus brick and mortar particularly as we work our way through this event as well as different demand trends globally. So, the teams are working very hard to make sure that we’ve got the inventor in the right location, we have the flexibility and we’re also evaluating future order flows based on what we’re seeing for demand. 
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me start. Particularly with the Kate business, we had an expectation pre-coronavirus outbreak that expected inflection in the second half and that we continue to expect to improve in the second half for Kate. We haven’t called for it to be sequential each quarter, but for the second half we expect to see improvement and we in the second quarter, we did move through some inventory and we still have some excess inventory in the Kate brand that we will be working through as we move the second half, but we are also seeing some traction with the assortment changes we’re making and the marketing actions we are taking as well as adding new brand spokes people to the brand. So, we continue to expect, particularly in North America, improved results in the second half versus the first half in Kate Spade.
Josh Schulman: Yes, what I would add Irwin is, to your specific question around the comp guidance, right now it’s hard to estimate the impact of China on comp, given that our store closures are typically removed from the comp calculation, which I believe is common practice. And so that part to estimate. What I would like to emphasize though is that the health of our business in Mainland China prior to this very unfortunate set of circumstances, we have been seeing a strong comp store sales in China in Q2 and importantly in the first few weeks of Q3 leading up to the Chinese New Year period. And we're seeing that both in our – we were seeing that, both in our directly operated store channels, which make up the vast majority of our business, but also in our emerging digital channels. As you know, we launched with Tmall had a series of soft openings and then grand opening in December and immediately we saw that the brand has become the top handbag of brand on Tmall in December in the period meeting up to Chinese New Year. So, we believed in the resilience of the Chinese consumer and what we’ve seen in previous crisis is that whether it’s SARS or different types of geopolitical situations that these have deep impacts for a time limited period and then we bounce back to normal.
Josh Schulman: Okay. Why don’t I give some context around the AUR growth? I really appreciate the question, because as you know, we’ve been talking about this for several quarters both externally and it’s been a huge focus for us internally and so this was an important milestone quarter for us. We were up in AUR in both channels, significantly in outlet. In outlet, our AUR went up 4% globally, 5% in North America, driven by a 7% increase in the AUR of handbags in North America. And so, I’d like to just take a few minutes to explain how we went about that. We achieved that through a really holistic approach of listening to the customers. In fact, Jide referenced the top five bags in North America outlet, which frankly had been the top five for a long period of time, and we did very deep consumer insights involving [indiscernible] project within the company of bringing together Stuart, the cheap merchant, the head of North America outlet and doing a road show and really listening to what customers love about those bags and what features and functionality that they would be willing to pay more for. And so there was a lot of focus on those top five bags and I’m very proud of what the team did there. And so going into the holiday quarter, this assortment allowed us to be much shallower and more surgical on the types of promotion. So, we coupled the product development work with learning’s from our data labs about where we need to be more promotional and where we need to be less promotional. So, clearly there has been a significant erosion in AURs in North America outlet over sustained period of time, nearly 50% from the peak, but we see the actions of the last few quarters and specifically the holiday quarter as being a milestone that turns us in the other direction and even more importantly gives us a very tangible material example of where we can start looking at increasing prices in the outlet channel.
Josh Schulman: Yes let me clarify the comments on the hand bag AUR in our North America outlet channel. I was specifically around handbag AUR versus the peak; it is approaching 50% off of peak, so there has been erosion over a long period of time as the channel dynamics have changed. 
Josh Schulman: Yes absolutely. So, to your question about Signature, Signature remains a very important part of forward assortments in our retail assortments, it is approximately 25% of our retail business, we are finding that it continues to generate a higher AUR, actually than leather showing the demand for the brand, the other thing that you will notice in this past quarter we launched a new Horse & Carriage logo platform and this was something again from our archives and I think it gives us a second branded platform to have because we are very careful that we don't want to go back to an over exposed place and we want to keep the branded platforms relevant and current and achieving these higher AURs.
Josh Schulman: Good morning, Oliver. Thanks for noticing the emphasis on City Sole, which is particularly prominently this week as we’re launching it. As you know and you follow it for a long time, Coach has a long history in footwear and in fact back in 2005, 2006 in some ways Coach invented the fashion branded sneaker category coming from a leather goods brand with strong branding. Over time, we let that position erode and at that time the brand was producing shoes under license. Since bringing the shoe collection back under direct control a few years ago, we’ve really been focused on getting the prize value fashion style equation right and we know to break through here that we needed to do something very special and unique in terms of both product and marketing. So, we worked on this project for some time, really thinking about where the customer is going in terms of the increasing casualization and how to create a sneaker franchise that will last for more than one season, and that could really be a catalyst for the overall footwear category. As we’ve mentioned on previous call, our shoes around 4% and our ambition is to – is that this should be a business with double digit penetration and we couldn’t be more excited about the reaction to the marketing with J.Lo and Michael B. Jordan and I hope to see you wearing a pair next time I see you.
Josh Schulman: Yes, thanks for the question. I mean we were very pleased to see the brand tracking report this quarter, and particularly to see the inflection in the number of customers in the broad premium market who consider Coach to be a brand on the way up. And I think it’s a few things. You know, we have been talking about building a fashion relevancy for some time and I think that continues, and so the great work that Stuart has been doing and his team, but also coupled with a lot of the marketing approach that we’ve taken. In fact, the mix of a very high profile celebrities like Jennifer Lopez and Michael B. Jordan clearly have resonance in the North American market, but also coupled with emerging celebrities like Yara Shahidi and really moving the vast majority of marketing into the digital place and becoming significantly more active on the various social channels. And so, we are very encouraged by what we’re seeing and it’s really across the demographic with a focus on the millennial.
