Victor Luis: Sure. I would add that today, we're looking at a market in China that's approximately $3.2 billion, including travel retail, which we expect to grow to approximately $7 billion by FY '15. So already larger than Japan, which today is approximately $4 billion and where, as Lew mentioned, we today are over $700 million in sales. So we do see tremendous growth in a market where, as Lew mentioned in his remarks, we have at least 120 cities with a population of 1 million or more and truly tremendous opportunity in terms of distribution as well. China is developing as a wonderful market for multichannel distribution, both in department stores where we have tremendous opportunity. There are today approximately 600 department stores in China, of which approximately 100 of them already have luxury cosmetics, with sales approaching the top 100 department stores in Japan as another great measure, as well as the rapidly-developing shopping mall and slowly but surely developing factory outlet mall channel, which will be another terrific opportunity for us. So we're truly excited, and I would echo Lew's comments that we do feel the opportunity to truly be boundless. I'll turn it over to Mike for some comments on profitability.
Victor Luis: Sure, as you all know of course, we have 1 design team, which is based here in New York, and that design team does design globally. In each of our geographies, we have in-market merchants who, constantly, with the support of our consumer insights team, are looking to understand the consumer and provide the design team with some logic to add to the magic that they of course do in designing the product. We have a very strong merchant team in Japan. We have today a merchant team in Shanghai, as well as Hong Kong, that is developing. And those teams provide the inputs into New York and then we'll buy from a global assortment, which occasionally, of course, is tweaked to meet local needs. On the whole, though, I would say that our assortments are rather global. In Japan, China, collections such as Madison, Poppy and Kristin, which are today the main drivers in the North American business, are also main drivers for us in the region. There may be some functional areas that we have to tweak, whether it be in smaller goods or in handbags. As an example, for example, in handbags across Asia, across body bags, given the amount of commuting that takes place, do tend to have a higher penetration than say here in North America. That is something that we simply input into our buys locally. And I think one of the most important differences, as I've mentioned in my remarks, is the Men's opportunity. In Japan, the Men's market of that $4 billion size today, represents approximately 20%. In mainland China, it can represent 50% to more for most of our competitor brands, and it's approaching about 50% of the market, again. In Hong Kong, Macau and the rest of the region, and we're looking at 25% to 30% as well. And so our, in-market merchant teams are working very, very closely with our central merchandising teams and our design team to ensure that those very specific needs of that specific Asian male consumer are met. And so it's a highly collaborative effort with a tremendous amount of consumer insights, as well as, of course, the design talent, which is very much focused on presenting 1 New York Coach aesthetic to the world based here in New York.
Victor Luis: Sure. We have -- we've been very dedicated to this overarching $300 price positioning. Our handbag under $300 penetration and offer is right at about 50%. We see that as being a really important level for us, and we also see some trend growth happening in leather, which is impacting price point, gives us an opportunity to nuance some of our pricing in a positive way. There's some margin opportunity there. And we had very, very nice growth incidentally in handbags over $400. With that penetration, it went to about 18% versus 10% in the prior year. That's a big deal and driven very much by this leather trend that we're seeing. I think just to add a sense or two on factory, very similar trends there, strong leather trends. And we had a very nice AUR increase in handbag in the Factory business, while maintaining what we think is the competitive positioning in that channel.
Victor Luis: Christine, I think you're breaking up a little bit, but the essence of your question was around mix of product in Factory.
Michael Devine: Yes, Bob, as you've heard us say many times on these calls and in other forums, we're very excited about the level of profitability we feel the China business can achieve for a couple of fundamental reasons. Firstly, we do sell through at a premium to North America pricing in the region, not premiums as rich as Japan's but in the neighborhood. And so our gross margin rates in China are quite robust rivaling even that of the Japan business. In terms of store four-walls, we are already seeing four-walls nicely into the 40% range and so that's driven of course by that gross margin rate. But also as you might suspect, our store wages are lower in China than they are anywhere else in the world, contributing to a healthy four-wall. And as we gain in productivity and the brand gains awareness with landlords, we'll see our occupancy rate. The other big expense items on the store P&L begin to decline as a percentage of sales further enhancing store four-walls. Victor mentioned in his prepared remarks our approach to the region with a Asia distribution center and an Asia shared service center. So we're keyed to drive an efficient back office infrastructure to support both the China business and Pan-Asian approach. So all of those things taken together a lot of words will drive very, very healthy rates of profit and volume of profits from the region as we move into '12 and beyond.
Michael Devine: Yes, it could be helpful, Bob. Clearly, with Japan being one of our highest gross margin regions, losing that $20 million was hurtful of the gross margin rate but relatively immaterial. We certainly would've recorded a modestly higher gross margin rate, but it is a small percentage of the total company's business, and we were able to absorb it. I would add, though, I have to take this opportunity, that had we had that $20 million of sales and about $0.025 of earnings, we would have actually seen operating margin that leverage. We were -- did come up just short of Q3's op income level. Had we had the $20 million of that very profitable Japanese business, we would've seen operating margin improvement, which I have to say coming into the quarter, I do not think was going to be possible. So the business operated very efficiently across all geographies and mature businesses during the quarter. Similarly, I would just say for the fourth quarter, same dynamic. In our own projections that we've just kind of shared with you, we will see some very modest operating margin deleverage for the quarter. We would have gotten operating margin leverage had we not had the quake impact. Of course these are all forward-looking statements now to talk about fourth quarter. But I do think it demonstrates the diversity of our business model globally that we're able to absorb this profitable loss and still project that we can hit 31.5% op income for the year, kind of what we've been pointing to for a number of quarters now. So in a way I'm thinking about that as an increasing guidance, if you will, adjusted for the quake impact.
Michael Devine: Sure. Kimberly, we're essentially in the same place on gross margin as we have been in terms of our guidance for the balance of FY '11. You'll recall that we were one of the first companies to talk about inflationary pressures well over a year ago, and that's holding. That being said, there are a number of positive things going on within gross margin to help offset these pressures. And we're guardedly optimistic that we'll see some modest sequential improvement actually in the first half of our FY '12, the back half of this calendar year versus the second half of our FY '11. It's because of counter-sourcing efforts, material inflation will not hit us as hard as others. The other thing that will be helpful is we'll also begin to anniversary those higher input costs from early last year's fiscal '11. Wage inflation is our biggest issue and we're battling that by moving products into lower-cost countries. We're ahead of schedule on this initiative, but it is still very early days there. And so while we are protecting our opening price points, we are also surgically taking advantage of pricing power, and we're doing this in both channels, both in our full price and our factory channel. The other thing we'll start to see which will be very helpful, is channel mix will actually begin to help us, we believe, as we move into FY '12, which will be a nice thing as growth in the Asian region that Victor spoke to helps channel mix there. And also just the underlying trends in our Full Price business in our mature markets of North America and Japan will also help channel mix. So we still are feeling good about our previous guidance gross margin in the boundary of 72% to 73%, going forward. We feel it very achievable.
Michael Devine: Where we saw again a very, very strong contribution from factory exclusives, terrific response to newness there. The level there was 86%, and that's been a running average for us, in about that zone. Again, a forward [indiscernible] pricing and margin flexibility there, and we see that continuing. Our Footwear business is very good, stable. We don't have a significant Footwear business in our factory channel but on the Full Price side, our Footwear business continues to be positive.
Michael Devine: On the department store side, our Footwear business has also been healthy. We haven't seen account growth there, but we're very much focused on what we see as an assortment productivity opportunity in the wholesale channel, and that has been very successful for it this spring.
Michael Devine: In fact, our margins in Factory were slightly better, and our promotional levels were pretty much even with the year prior.
Lew Frankfort: It's a very good point, Kimberly. It's a supply and demand equation of course, as you would imagine. And so if demand is down, that will certainly help buyers of leather. Our team has done an amazing job counter-sourcing, and leather is not a big driver of our inflationary cost pressure, especially year-over-year. So the issue you bring up will be helpful to us but somewhat immaterial to the total reported gross margin with all the other factors that impact it.
Lew Frankfort: It's a provocative question, David. There are so many factors that go into determining operating margins including, of course, our raw material cost. Our general view is that operating margins should continue at the 30%-plus level and could very well approach the mid-30s over the next few years.
Lew Frankfort: Good question. And initially, a good portion of our business will be focused on tourists because we're opening major locations in major cities where tourist accounts for a majority of business within those markets. As we develop awareness and interest on the brand among locals and expand our fleet to the secondary cities as well as the suburbs, we will see that mix change.
Lew Frankfort: Just a few. I wasn't sure whether my voice was going to last through the call. Of course, we posted an excellent quarter. As you well know, I think all of you are familiar with our track record. We feel very good about where we're positioned for the rest of the spring season and for the fall and do look forward to double-digit top line and bottom line growth and would like you along for the journey. Have a good day.
