Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob. And thanks for getting up a little early with us this quarter. We did deliver a strong quarter in the first quarter and our Q1 performance really reinforces the potential of our Acceleration Program, as well as the agility of our teams. We're really pleased with the progress we're making across all of our brands and we're confident in the foundation we're building and the opportunity to drive long-term growth and value. The environment is uncertain in the near-term and we're staying focused on being close to the consumer, and as Andrea said, controlling the controllables. We have a comprehensive strategy around holiday, leaning into Digital. We have initiatives to elongate the holiday shopping period. We're leveraging technology, such as virtual queues or appointment shopping, which we're seeing customers increasingly adopt, and omnichannel capabilities like buy online, pickup in store become more important. October has started out well. We've continued our momentum from the first quarter and we're well positioned to flex should demand further improve.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Ike. Our AUR performance has been quite intentional and really not related to product mix. We've been on this journey for a while, even pre-COVID starting to get traction in growing our AUR. And I'll make a few comments, but top it over to Todd to talk about the specific successes we're seeing at Coach. But we are focused on driving AUR by being close to our consumer and delivering value that our consumers value. And we're also embedding data and analytics better into our decision-making processes to better inform the assortment breadth, how we allocate that assortment, where we put -- allocate inventory by at a store level and how we price our product. And I think you're seeing all of those things come to bear in the AUR expansion. But it does start with understanding our consumer and delivering beautiful products that they value and we're doing that so well at Coach. And I'll pass it to Todd for his comments.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Ike, I want to come back on your question around market share in North America. We're really pleased with the progress we're making and the trends in North America across our channels and we believe that we are -- we have tremendous growth potential in the market and we're seeing more -- and recruiting more new customers to the brands. So -- and that's across all of our brands. So, we are pleased with our performance in North America and the growth we're seeing across the market.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We spent a lot of time improving our marketing capabilities and understanding our consumer. When we say as part of our Acceleration Program, that we want to focus on our consumers, it's really developing a deeper understanding of our consumers and how to reach them. We talked a lot about some of the test and learn capabilities that we've added to our marketing teams, leveraging analytics, not only to know them better and develop deeper insights, but also test how to reach our consumers at a better level and that has helped us unlock some of this new customer recruitment that we're seeing. But also, we believe will help us reach these customers and retain customers. There are many things that we have under way across our brands to drive, not only recruitment, but retention of our customers and we're seeing traction. We talked about recruitment at Coach, but we're also seeing it at Kate Spade as well, including reengagement of lapsed customers. And we're also rolling out loyalty programs to continue to better engage our consumers. So we have a comprehensive strategy, not just in marketing, as Todd mentioned, it's knowing our consumers, leveraging those insights, building it into our product, also building it into our marketing capabilities, so we can continue to reach and engage those consumers.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So, Mark, we are targeting gross margin expansion for the year and we are making the systemic changes to how we manage our business and that is driving our margin improvement, as well as we have seen some channel mix benefit as well in the gross margin, but we are also seeing product margins increase from the actions -- specific actions we're taking, I touched on them earlier. But driving AUR includes embedding data and analytics into how we're managing the business, really knowing our customer and delivering products that resonates with them and delivering a great value. That has allowed us to step away from promotional activity and that has been a real win in terms of driving AUR. I'll pass it to Andrea, she could give you some of the statistics about the splits between channel mix and product mix. But the answer to your question is, we expect to continue to drive AUR growth and margin expansion this year.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you. It's all of the above. Part of our Acceleration Program is really focused on leveraging data and analytic capabilities. And we have over time built a very sophisticated data and analytics capabilities. And our focus through the Acceleration Program is really embedding those capabilities into our decision-making process. So, we have very robust capabilities and the right architecture and a lot of data. And our focus now is how to unlock that data and the insights and really drive decision-making. And we're seeing that benefit across several areas of our business and of the value chain, if you think about it from how we assort products. We talked about SKU reductions. We've taken significant reductions in our SKU count informed by the analytics that we're seeing. So the teams, the merchants and the product teams are understanding the performance of our assortments and leveraging those analytics, balancing that with their intuition, but leveraging analytics to understand what the right assortment architecture is. I talked about the work we're doing to allocate to our stores, the right product based on the customers in those stores and what they are voting for and what they -- what resonates with them. So knowing customers more deeply in each of our locations and then building our assortments in our stores to reflect their preferences. We're getting much sharper at that. That's driving improvement. The pricing piece of it and the promo analytics is about -- is aggregating our promotional data and understanding at a consumer level what resonates with which consumers. And then leveraging that to our marketing capabilities, leveraging analytics to make sure we're reaching the right customers with the right messages. So, it's really throughout the value chain and it's an opportunity -- we found the opportunity to really embed the analytics into our decision-making processes. And it does impact revenue growth overall, because all of those things drive higher AUR, faster turnover of our inventory and lower promotional activity, which drives higher sales.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I would say, I appreciate that question, Lorraine, because as we entered and have been navigating through the disruption, our focus was to ensure the stability of our business and the sustainable generation of free cash flow. So as we're having this conversation about paying down the debt and capital allocation in the future, it does show that we're making progress and generating stable free cash flow. I'll pass it to -- but the environment and visibility does remain uncertain in the environments dynamic. So we're managing through that. But I'll pass it to Andrea to give you an understanding of our capital allocation priorities.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. I'll make a couple of comments, but then pass it over to Todd. In terms of the outlet business we're really thrilled with the response we've seen from our consumers. In the outlet channel, we continue to deliver really tremendous value and beautiful high-quality product to consumers in that channel. And we're learning how to engage consumers in a more relevant way through all channels in the outlet. And it's not just the outlet, it's also across the space -- across all channels. And as we think about, I love the question about creativity and magic and logic. I tend to talk a lot about data and analytics, but our Company has always priced that balance of magic and logic. And I think you can see from the assortments that we're delivering that creative balance is critically important to deliver products that consumers value, and our teams continue to do a great job delivering beautiful products and great value for our consumers. And that's a key element. I think if you see in the Basquiat collection at Coach, and Todd, I don't want to steal all your thunder. I'm just stealing all of your thunder. But it is a beautiful product and quite creative, as well as the novelty products and the Spade Flower that we're -- we've introduced in the Kate Spade, so it's across our brands. But I'll kick it over to Todd and let him comment.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start with the Digital business, Paul. We saw the second quarter in a row of triple-digit growth across our digital channels. And we're leveraging and leaning into our digital capabilities, not only to serve the customer in that channel, but also the recruitment vehicle for new customers. Todd just mentioned the success we're having in the Coach brand, but across all of our brands and recruiting new customers across brands through that channel. Significant growth in North America, but also globally. And we have the capabilities to serve our customers through the digital channel globally. Simultaneously, however, we saw that triple-digit growth while we continue to drive sequential improvement in the stores business, so -- in the first quarter. So encouraged that we continue to see the consumer adopt and lean into digital as the stores businesses has improved. To your point on the P&L, our digital margins are accretive. And we are structurally from a P&L perspective leaning into Digital is a benefit to our P&L. Our business, as I said structurally, is favorable. In the Digital business, we have high AUR and high order values, as well as high-margin and because our businesses not size, we have a relatively lower returns rate, which drives a higher overall operating margin in the channel. We're capturing new customers, as I mentioned and expect to continuing to invest in this channel, both in marketing, but also new capability. So, we're incredibly optimistic about what we see the road we see ahead in digital and continue to expect the penetration to increase. We're doing that across regions, to your question, again, significant growth in North America, but also significant in China, where -- and in Europe. But in China, interestingly, our -- the Coach brand is the number one ranked brand on the Tmall platform. So, we are reaching consumers through that channel and that's obviously an important channel to reach a number of consumers in that market. So, we're very encouraged by the work that we're doing and our ability to engage consumers, recruit consumers and retain consumers through that channel and what it means for our P&L. We are seeing that across our brands, and you mentioned Kate Spade. We made progress across all of our brands this quarter. And I don't want -- Coach had such a standout performance. I don't want it to be lost that we also drove topline and bottom line ahead of expectations in both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We are making progress in those brands and important progress. And particularly as it relates to Digital, Kate Spade is our most digitally -- highest digitally penetrated brand already. And we're having success reaching consumers through that channel. And the Kate Spade brand recruiting new customers, reengaging lapsed customers. The team is working very hard to really lean into the fundamental elements of the brand. We talked about the Spade Flower introduction from a product perspective, which has been very well received. And that is -- that will become a new icon that we can build off for the brand. So, we're making progress in the product, as well as in the way we're engaging consumers in the Kate Spade brand. I continue to have, and we continue to be confident in the long-term potential there. And I'll touch on Stuart Weitzman also, promising green shoots in the quarter. We improved revenue. We narrowed our operating loss during the quarter with focused actions. The team was very bold to make sure that we were focusing on the most profitable and productive distribution. And that you can see -- the results of that you can see in the progress we made in Stuart Weitzman in the quarter. So progress across our portfolio for the first quarter.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I think you cut out on the first part of your question, Omar, but related to the Digital and how we think about the Digital business now versus historically. I -- historically, the consumer and the channel was leveraged for in a completely different way. And now as we think about, you're right, historically, we did lean into the flash sale element of the Digital business. But today, as we get closer to our consumers, the digital channel and understand how they shop. The digital channel is an important way the consumers discover brands, engage with brands on a number of levels, not just to transact, but also to engage across different platforms. And the way we think about engaging consumers today is really putting the consumer first. And being available for that consumer wherever and however they want to engage with our brands. We're seeing a lot of success in the digital channel in terms of growing sales through the channel, but we're also having a lot of success through the digital channel in engaging our consumers through our marketing activities, even with our store associates engaging our consumers on social media platforms, the virtual staffing parties and really developing communities behind our brands. And so, the digital space is quite a bit different today than it was even a few years ago. The consumer shopping behaviors are changing rapidly. We're staying very close to our consumers and working to meet them where they are. And I can pass it to Todd to talk about some specifics around the Coach brand.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I'll kick it off by saying the gross margin expansion that we saw in the first quarter has been intentional and an integral part of our Acceleration Program to get closer to our consumer and embed data and analytics and I touched on a couple of times on the call, how that's coming to life in the business and delivering the gross margin expansion that we're seeing. We do believe that we have the opportunity to continue to expand gross margin as we move forward, not only for this year, but beyond this year, across all of our brands. And I can let Todd touch on the specific Coach AUR.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Thanks, again, everybody for joining us today a little bit earlier than normal. It is an honor to be leading this organization. We have such talented global teams with great brands and Tapestry is an enabling platform. Very pleased with the results we delivered in the first quarter against a very uncertain backdrop. And we're confident in the long-term strategy and potential to create value. I'm looking forward to keeping you all posted on our progress moving forward. Thanks very much.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Joanne is exactly right. What we've seen and what we've started in the fourth quarter demonstrated in the first quarter and will continue in our future is really deliver compelling product. And with great intention we have taken down the promotional cadence and that has really impacted our AUR and we see that trend going forward. Also, we benefit slightly from mix. So, as you know, China is more and more important in our mix and that's adding to our AUR. But again it is a very intentional process. And as we've always said, at Coach, we use magic and logic. I think now more than ever, this consumer centricity that we are embedding in the actual design and the briefs that our merchants and our designers get create much better success rates going forward. And you'll see that in a reduced SKU count that will also enhance our ability to maintain higher AURs.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. And just building on what Joanne said with the Coach brand. This quarter, we attracted 500,000 new customers, over 40% of them were Gen Z and Millennials. And we see a continue high purchase intent. And one of the things early days, but we're seeing them their repeat purchase at an accelerated rate. So, that bodes really well for the program and our offering. And as Joanne mentioned, we launched on October 1 in North America, our Coach Insider program, which is an omni program for both digital and brick-and-mortar to really further engage and create a sense of community among the Coach customers.
Todd Kahn: It is the CEOs prerogative to steal a little thunder, that's OK. But Joanne, did hit on really key issues. First, machine learning is absolutely something we're looking at and all of this data, particularly to help inform the briefs and the merchants. But I think and you hit it on the head, it's the balance of the magic and logic. And that is so key, a machine as sophisticated and I hope my data analytics people don't get too offended by this, are not going to design the handbag that definitively we put out there in shelves. They will also help inform the design of the handbag. And what you see with Joanne mentioned Basquiat, that's a full price opportunity. We hit amazing AURs in the first quarter for handbags over $745 with that collection. It just shows, when it's emotional, it really trumps price and trumps anything else. And that was emotional. Similarly, in October, we launched the Marvel collection for outlet. Again, incredible AUR, very compelling, very emotional. So, we see those opportunities continued. And even what we've done with Basquiat is, for the first time, we ceded a bag, the beat bag in that collection, and now that's a major bag for our holiday season going forward. So, I think it is constantly reimagining that blend. And then finally on outlet, we're just getting started. What we understand and recognize is the outlet consumer is an omni consumer. And limiting that value customer, who by the way tends to be a little younger, limiting them only to brick-and-mortar was a mistake. The opportunity to be expansive and to allow them to shop where they want to shop is a huge unlock that I see us accomplishing our goal of capturing market share through all of these channels.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Thank you, Joanne. And I was here in the days when we launched [DOS]. And this is not your father's DOS. This -- our digital platform now is so different. Before it was a closed idea where we kept going to the same customer base over and over and over again and talking about price, price, price. This is an expansive channel recognizing where the consumers, how she shopping, and talking about value. And the learnings we're getting, and the frequency of purchase and the marketing that we're putting behind it, that's measurable in the digital performance marketing, it's completely different. And as I mentioned a little earlier, talking about the Coach Insider launch, this is a huge opportunity to create a sense of community across both the digital and the physical platforms. And what we're seeing is greater purchase intent, higher frequency and really just deeper engagement with the brand. So, I see this as a tremendous opportunity and the learnings with that we're gaining from North America will transcend this market. And we will see us do this in other markets over our planning horizon.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Our AUR, as you saw, grew over 25%, including 20% in North America. So, we are really pleased with these AURs. And again, our intention through creation, through SKU reduction, through reduction in promotion, we want to hold on to higher AURs, and we think we have that opportunity.
