Jane Nielsen: Thanks Victor. Lew, Fran and Victor have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. Our quarterly revenues decreased 1% in both North America and international declining 1% in dollar. As noted on a constant currency basis revenues rose 2% overall with international sales up 9%. Net income from the quarter totaled 218 million was earnings per diluted share of $0.77. This compares to net income of 221 million and earnings per share of $0.77 in the prior year’s first quarter. Our operating income totaled $322 million 3% below the 332 million reported last year while operating margins was 27.9% versus 28.6%. During this quarter growth profit totaled $827 million versus the 845 million a year ago, a decrease of 2%. Growth margin was 71.8% versus 72.8% for the prior year. Our expense ratio n Q1 totaled 43.9% improving from the 44.2% reported in the year ago quarter. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $637 million, a 6.5% increase over the 598 million reported at the end of last year’s Q1. Cash and short term investments sit at $855 million as compared with 761 million a year ago. During the first quarter we repurchased and retired nearly 3.3 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $53.17 spending a total of $175 million. At the end of the period about 1.2 billion remained in the company’s current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was a $164 million compared to $202 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $118 million versus $146 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $46 million versus $56 million in the same quarter a year ago. Looking forward at the balance sheet, we are deploying international cash into high-quality investments with higher yields and with some durations over a year and expect to shift between cash and short-term investments into other’s non-current assets. Consistent with our guidance last quarter, we expect that CapEx will be in the area of $280 million primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies, elevating our store environments within our existing stores and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable our global expansion and transformation. While we are encouraged by the initial iterations of our transition to a lifestyle brand, we have recognized that the full reflection of this positioning is part of a multi-year journey. In addition, the retail environment remains challenging with soft mall traffic and volatility in consumer sentiment. Therefore, as you think about the remainder of 2014, our updated outlook is as follows. We expect to deliver flat to low single-digit sales growth in constant currency. Assuming the yen remains close to 100, this would equate to sales growth about even with last year in dollars with currency more of a factor in the first half. Also we are forecasting our North America comp run rate to be down high single-digits for the balance of FY ‘14. Gross margin is projected at about 70% to 71% for the year. The primary impact compared to last year will be increased factory clearance levels, the weaker yen, rising sourcing costs as well as inventory amortization from the JV acquisition in Coach Europe. We expect modest SG&A dollar growth with increased investments in Europe marketing and other brand transformation initiatives generally funded by the restructuring actions taken in Q4 with some de-leverage on a lower sales forecast. Taken together, we would expect operating margins to be about 28%. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be around 32% for the year. Regarding our balance sheet, cash flow and capital allocation we continued to have a strong balance sheet and substantial operating free cash flow of over $1 billion annually. As always, we will prudently invest in the growth of our business while also returning cash to shareholders through dividends coupled with share repurchases. Our current FY ‘14 outlook continues to reflect about $700 million in share repurchases approximately equivalent to our prior three-year average. Most importantly, our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow and we are in a position to invest in our brand while continuing to return capital to shareholder. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A. 
Jane Nielsen: Sure just let me comment on the 30 bips of SG&A leverage that you saw, it's largely timing. As you think about legacy last year the marketing was more predominately in the first quarter. New York Stories is going to hit in the second quarter and that accounts for all the difference in SG&A leverage. So it's simply timing. We’re calling for as you heard in the guidance SG&A, modest SG&A dollar growth and so that’s very consistent so it's an element of timing. In turns of overall inventory, if you think about inventory, we don’t guide to inventory, you saw our inventory is up about 6.5%. If you think about inventory, think about the increased overall AUCs or average unit cost is driving overall inventory and obviously our sales was – were below our expectations. Those are two primary drivers. 
Jane Nielsen: Hi. So as you know, we – factory is our promotional channel and there are number of different levers that we used during the year to manage our factory business and drive revenue. This quarter, we did take additional promotion of on our clearance business in factory and that was mostly to offset higher AURs that we experienced with the new products that we have been launching to balance the business for the quarter. 
Jane Nielsen: We’re experiencing both, so it is an existing customer, would you find that consumer to buy handbags from us also participate in a significant way in other parts of the business and the other lifestyle categories and we’re also attracting new customers, especially with some of their repositioning, moving watches to a more fashioned assortment at a $225 average price point and also footwear with the new trend right fashion product assortment, we’re definitely seeing new customer engaging in the footwear category for us. 
Jane Nielsen: Yeah sure. Liz let me break it down for you that, to equate to our guidance now. So there will be heightened promotional levers in our North Americas factor channel as Brian mentioned largely related to clearance especially during the holiday season. So that’s one of the largest changes from our previous guidance as we have noted before we expect the Yen to be about 50 basis points of pressure on us and that is reflected in channel mix that we don’t get the benefit because of the Yen of the higher growth margin in Japan. Overall we have also seen some rising sourcing cost, called out labor in the fourth quarter, we’re also seeing some overall sourcing cost increases and then we have the inventory amortization from the acquisition of our JV and Coach Europe. If I break it into those four buckets that encompasses the margin pressures both versus prior year and versus previous guidance. 
Jane Nielsen: So we do footwear in 175 locations right now and what we have been doing is testing footwear in having a smaller assortment in about 10 additional doors to see if we can service the customer with sizing in inventory in an order from Jack and we will continue to test and probe more around distribution opportunities in footwear. The other thing that I will say is as we continue to look at the fleet and have remodeled store opportunities, we will take advantage of mobile POS technology and remove cash wrap for the mobile POS technology and dedicate more square footage on the selling floor on two categories like footwear. In terms of Jacksonville, we have a very active program right now in our distribution center, where customers can order shoes from any store in the fleet. 
Jane Nielsen: And you can buy footwear in any location today off of our program CBSR which is the Coach by special request, you can order from any store. 
Jane Nielsen: But Michael just to build on what we called out in Q4 is that we do continue and what you saw still in Q4 as we continue to look at our overall real estate position as things come under lease renewal and expiration and we make a judgment based on each store and the trading area and we will continue to do that. It's in our practice and we will continue to do that across our fleet. 
Jane Nielsen: Well I think that what we called out in Q4 was that the actions we took in the restructuring, we’re going to fund investments that we’re making in the brand. You saw that play out in Q1 with the improvement in our SG&A ratio we will be coming from an issue of timing of marketing spend, so you will see that the about consistent through the year should be up through the year but Q1 was the low Q1 last year because of the difference of timing between Legacy and Coach New York Story. 
Jane Nielsen: Right now we have outerwear in 140 factory stores, so the initiative in outerwear is rolled out and it's performing quite well so we’re seeing good improvement to last year in that category. We just recently launched women’s and men’s made for factory watches. That is the new launch this quarter. And so we are excited about the growth opportunity in the watch category in factory stores. In related to footwear in the 20 stores, we are going to be rolling out to an additional 70 stores later in the spring and in the 20 stores where we currently have footwear we are continuing – we are looking at optimizing the footwear presentation in these locations and adding additional assortment to these locations starting in the third quarter. In terms of productivity in these stores, the productivity is incremental and is – they are performing quite well. We are also seeing the same type of fashion appetite coming out of our factory division that we are seeing in full price.  
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that, we have a broad and comprehensive program across product marketing and environments which is kicking in. So if you visit our stores today you will see as Francine mentioned the arrival of the Borrow Bag Capsule. You will see a complete head to toe look in our marketing, enhanced environments. Traffic is a lagging indicator what we expect to see which is occurring and has been occurring is higher conversion and steady of somewhat higher ADT with an intensified need of 12 gram [ph] across both digital and traditional we’re hopeful that we will see an increase in our traffic levels. Having said that until this occurs we are not going to forecast and improvements in your trend rates within North America so we’re actually waiting for it to occur and when it occurs you will know about it. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of Capsule as we have communicated in the past it is a very small collection, there are five handbag skews that go across all stores and this is the collection that only launched 3 – 4 days ago and the initial results are very promising that we can share but obviously given the size of the launch we do not expect it to be providing a major inflection alone to the business. In terms of skew rationalization that will certainly be something that we look at moving forward especially as we look at bringing other categories into our fleet as you have heard Fran report earlier our shoe relaunch continues to take hold where we have seen footwear move from the 4% penetration to 8% of the business. Most of that has come in the expansion within the 70 locations where we have added fashion assortments and as you also heard Fran referred we’re very pleased with the fact that it is the fashion assortment that is checking with consumers and not just the typical snicker and flip-flop business of the past. 
Lew Frankfort: Well first as reported, traffic trends in factory stores and retail stores have been tough and then – and indeed in the full price stores, our traffic slightly worsened in our – in the quarter, but overall conversion has remained strong and in fact it’s higher than our last year. 
Lew Frankfort: We don’t – just to aggregate that is a two channels, but what we can tell you is that the patterns that have existed – that existed in the prior quarter and in the prior 12 months remain consistent. 
Lew Frankfort: And let me just – I would like to also add in terms of our advertising spends we are intensifying spending in the quarters that you will be seeing in both our traditional media and digital a much stronger presence of Coach communicating on the broader expression of the brand. 
Lew Frankfort: Overall I would say that of course what we’re experiencing in China is a much lower conversion rates that is due to our lack of awareness and as awareness grows of course so will our conversion as consumers discover more fully the Coach story. Saying that our lack of history of course has the advantages as I addressed in the speaker’s notes of allowing us from the very early stages to position the brand as a lifestyle brand. As I mentioned this past quarter approximately in fact almost exactly 1/3rd of our sales in China came through other categories, men’s and other lifestyle categories including footwear and women’s outerwear and we expect that will continue to increase as we further develop in the quarters ahead our lifestyle categories through transformation and this really speaks to our previous comments that the impact of transformation on the brand of course is not only going to provide the context and relevance for Coach to achieve renewed growth in the North American market but also to help position us more fully to compete more successfully in emerging and international markets where we don’t have a history. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of your question on newness moving forward, we see in the second half as we go beyond holiday an increasing presence in capital that will be a further rollout of burrow [ph] and other capsule silhouettes across the entire fleet both in terms of new fabrications as well as a couple of new styles. In addition in the second half of the year, we will be bringing out new silhouettes including Domed Satchel and other collections from the spring that will lead into Stuart’s first collection, which will be in stores from fall of next year. We expect it to run across the entire fleet from September. Stuart of course is very busy currently in developing that collection and we will have more to share on that in the spring. 
Lew Frankfort: Our objective has been and will be to grow with the category. Handbags and accessories has been and will continue to be a key core category for Coach and the main driver of our business. Transformation is truly about providing context and emotion for the Coach brands. We do not see us evolving into a ready to wear resource first and foremost. And as we have stated previously, our focus will be in driving the other key categories around handbags and accessories that provide some context with footwear and outerwear being key drivers. We have talked about this being a multi-year strategy; we believe it's the right strategy and the right one to drive long term growth. We have a great team in place and certainly we don’t know of another brand in our core space that has the experience and the execution of transformations in their path as we do and we’re excited about writing this chapter and the journey ahead. 
Lew Frankfort: The answer is that we’re very thoughtful about the way in which we look at distribution and we have that situation where we do have markets both on a factory side and extremely selectively on the full price side whether opportunities are to develop, a three standing dual gender stores as well men stores at the same time we’re focused on productivity measurements particularly being sensitive to our full price fleet which needs to lead. And what we’re not showing in comp of course, comps that not show is the benefit of the revenues that we’re achieving in the first 12 months of these new store openings and we might say when we look at these new store openings through a store they are very productive. 
Lew Frankfort: We invite you to visit factory and full price stores near you. And what you will see in the factory fleet, in particular, is our new design concept, which has been extremely well received and actually provides the environment for a much fuller expression of the brand.  
Lew Frankfort: And well, I have said on previous calls from time-to-time just stay tuned everybody. Have a good day and enjoy the rest of the week. Thank you everybody.  
