Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob, and good morning. First, I want to recognize that we delivered growth across revenue, margin, and earnings. And we delivered record earnings per share in the first quarter. We are executing consistently in a volatile environment, which I think speaks to the operating discipline that we've been showing now for over three years. Our focus is on maintaining brand health, expanding gross margins, and delivering against our earnings commitments. And we continue to drive strong and consistent free cash flow against the dynamic backdrop. And to your point at Coach, the brand is strong, and we're driving continued momentum behind the brand. We're delivering sales growth and margin improvement on top of already strong margins. And we see significant runway ahead. Our team isn't thinking the next quarter and for the fiscal year, which we're confident in. We're thinking 10 years out for the Coach brand. And I think it speaks to the innovation that they're delivering, the relevance and the differentiation we're building in the market. The operational excellence this team is building a reputation for. They're executing with agility, really taking the data that we have and consumer insights. And that's fueling the brand magic that Stuart Vevers and our creative teams are delivering. So we are confident into holiday and beyond.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bob. We continue to see this as a great acquisition. It is really transformational for our business and for our industry. We are adding truly iconic brands to our platform. And it's extending our reach across customer segments, across geographies, and product categories. And I can't think of a better home for these brands. Tapestry's platform and our disciplined operations will unlock significant value across the broader portfolio. And we are making progress as we expected towards a calendar year ‘24 close. That's really unchanged from our prior outlook. In the meantime, integration planning efforts, they're in full swing. We continue to make progress in integration planning. And we remain really excited about this transaction. We're confident in the strategic and the financial rationale and the targets we've outlined. But importantly, as you can see from our performance, we are laser focused on our existing brands and our business. And we remain confident in the runway ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, let me start and then maybe kick at the Scott to give you some more color on our guide. But what I will say, Ike, is that our outlook for the year was incredibly balanced. And we think prudent when we started. We weren't looking for a big inflection one way or the other as we started the year. We were seeing the trends in the consumer environment unfold and we positioned our business well against those trends. As we've come into the year, we are seeing those trends develop a little differently and we've reflected that in our outlook. But we are still very confident in terms of how we've positioned the business, positioned our inventories and positioned our innovation pipeline to speak to consumers in the world and the dynamic backdrop that exists today. but I'll pass it to Scott to give you a little more color on the numbers.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, it's a great observation Lorraine and it's exactly right. We are making progress but we clearly have more to do and we're really challenging ourselves on how we can move faster. As you pointed out, as we deliver newness, it is working and innovation in the business continues to, the customers continue to respond to the innovation we're delivering. And, we just need to move faster and we're working with speed. What we saw in the quarter was a sequential improvement in the trend. And we did that as we expanded gross and operating margins. So it's a business that we're continuing to manage to ensure we manage it in a healthy way and we drive our growth in a healthy way. We delivered higher income operating income year-over-year. So we are making progress. We do see opportunity as we continue to focus on strengthening that core handbag foundation. And when I talk about moving with speed, we've pulled up our launches. We talked about accelerating Madison and Outlet last quarter and that gaining traction, we also talked about pulling up and delivering a new signature platform in Outlet this quarter. And we're excited about the potential that that represents, a signature platform for the brand. And we do expect that as we build this core handbag foundation to help us drive positive growth, again, on the top line. But again, we're maintaining healthy brands. We drove mid-single-digit handbag AUR in the quarter. And we continue to see opportunity to take those AUR higher as we build out our growth plans. So there's a lot going on at Kate spade. We're making progress as well in building our business in China. We're doing that thoughtfully and making sure we're investing behind the brand to build awareness. At the same time, we're rolling out a new store format. We see that resonating with consumers, as well as our lifestyle categories, including jewelry, which is incredibly strong in China. So we have a lot of runways ahead at Kate in our current markets, but as well as in China.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I think first, let me just say that we play in a very large market, right? This market is $200 billion accessories, footwear, and apparel. And it is a fragmented market and I've been in this business for more years than I'd like to probably admit on the call. And over time, in a world where consumers can get pretty much anything they want, anywhere they want, anytime they want, what matters are brands. Brands matter in this marketplace and brands matter with consumers and what consumers value has changed over time and how they shop has changed over time. And I think what we've done in the last three years has really positioned our business to be able to speak to consumers to win in a marketplace where brands matter and we need to reach consumers in a different way. So we've built the capabilities and the platform to be able to do that and we've invested behind our brands. Now Coach is a great example of the power of the platform where, we've gotten laser focused on our brand positioning and clarified it. We've gotten laser focused on our target consumer and we're reaching the consumer in an omnichannel way. We're talking to them about things that matter to them and how our brands show up in their life. And that is the brand heat that is driving the Coach momentum and the team is executing really well behind that and we're delivering really great product, leveraging all the insights from the data that we have and bringing that balance of magic and logic together to deliver really compelling product and experiences in the marketplace. And that is the platform that's scalable. We can leverage that across more brands. So we're excited for the Capri transaction to close. Again, these are truly iconic brands. These are brands that already matter in the marketplace today and we believe that we can improve the execution behind these brands and really take them to another level and reach consumers in a big marketplace, a crowded marketplace, and a noisy marketplace. We have the capabilities to help these brands cut through.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start by saying we're doing both. We are managing the business with strong gross margin because we won't compromise brand health. We see tremendous long-term runway for our brands, and we're thinking longer term and executing in a way that we can deliver compelling value to our consumers and continue to drive stronger gross margins. You've seen us do it this quarter last year, and we'll continue to do that. We did it across all of our brands. And we're continuing to invest in brand building because that is the dynamic that creates the flywheel, right. As we continue to drive gross margin and expand gross margin, we're leveraging that margin expansion to invest in brand building which then helps drive top line, creates the brand heat that creates the flywheel. So we're doing both, but we are protecting brand health. We're not going to chase every last sale. And we've been navigating what I would call a dynamic environment, but also a highly promotional environment for a while. And you've seen us operate with discipline. It includes, not only just the desire and will to have discipline pricing, but it includes the data and analytics that support our skew, breadth and assortment. It includes the inventory management discipline that we've built over the last few years to make sure we've got inventory well positioned that we're responding to demand signals when we see them and connecting the back end of our supply chain to our front end demand signal. So there's a lot of process and system and people in this place that support our ability to continue to maintain gross margin and then, also we're looking to continue to invest in our brand.
Joanne Crevoiserat: That's a great question, Brook. North America is, we're operating in a more challenging environment. Having said that, our first quarter results were flattish to last year, which was a meaningful sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. And it was in line with our expectations as we came into the quarter. But to your question, the aspirational consumer, that lower income cohort, I would say this is across channels. We're not seeing major distinction between our channels. Across channels, the aspirational consumer is under more pressure on a relative basis. They're being more choiceful. But again, that hasn't materially changed from Q4. As a business, we're focused on the controllables. We're focused, as we just talked about, on brand building, delivering product excellence. To Lorraine's question, when we deliver innovation in newness, we see the consumer respond. And we're focused on strong execution. So we're delivering that newness. We're delivering that innovation across our brands. You saw it with the Coach Shine campaign and the Coachtopia rollout, the icons at Kate that we're rolling out, and even the launch of sneakers at Stuart Weitzman, really responding with innovation to what we're hearing and seeing from the consumer. And we're managing the business in a healthy way. We'll continue to expand AUR and gross margin. I'm sorry, go ahead, Todd.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we have seen, I think in North America in the market, generally more pressure in the wholesale channel over the last year. That's not something new. To your point, our business is roughly 90% direct. And we like that direct relationship that we have with the consumer. It allows us to understand and see trends faster as they're happening. There is a reason to have wholesale. I think they're wholesale and we appreciate the partners that we have in the wholesale market that provide exposure of the brand to a broader base of consumers. But again, we like the direct relationship that we have with our consumers. We worked to build our platform to be able to reach consumers if their shopping habits evolve and our focus is really following the consumer. And I would say we see an opportunity to build the direct business with the Capri brands. That's something that our platform will provide and we see runway ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks. And on Digital, Oliver, I'll pick the next two parts of your question. On Digital, our focus is on driving engagement with the consumer and meeting them where they are. And we still believe that digital is an important part of the consumer journey. In the quarter, we saw slight declines in digital, but our penetration in Digital remained, basically in line with where it was last year at 25% still triple where it was pre-pandemic. So we've built this digital scale and the digital business, and we're available to customers to transact absolutely online, but they're leveraging our digital channel for more than just the transaction. And we believe it's important to maintain those capabilities. And we'll follow the consumer. We're happy to meet consumers in stores. We have great field teams, and we have a highly profitable store fleet, and we have a highly profitable digital channel. So we're agnostic as to where they shop, and we're available to meet them, and we continue to improve the experience in our digital, in the digital space to make sure that consumers receive a seamless experience and a really great brand experience that it becomes and continues to be a great touch point for the brand if they're just discovering and choose to go into a store to finalize that transaction. We want to be there for them, and we continue to improve our game in digital. We see it as critically important moving forward. And then on the regulatory front, we are working to receive all the required regulatory approvals, including, and that includes, as you saw, responding to the FTC second request. Our outlook for closing the deal is unchanged. We still expect to close the deal in Fiscal ’24. And as you know, we operate in a large market as I talked about, it’s $200 billion market, it’s fragmented. There are low barriers to entry and the transaction is pro consumer. So we remain confident in our ability to complete the transaction. Again closing expected in calendar ’24 consist with our prior expectation.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you for joining us today. And for your interest in our story. And thank you to our passionate teams around the world that make this result happen. Our strong and consistent result reinforce the power or brand, our strategy and our agile operating model which enable us to continue to deliver for our customer against the dynamic backdrop. Moving forward, I am confident in our organic runway and look forward to accelerating our strategic and financial results through the acquisition of Capri Holdings. At Tapestry, we are focused and we have a relentless drive to lead in innovation and shareholder returns for years to come. Have a great day.
Scott Roe: Yes, I think that pretty much covers it. Honestly, the trends that we see are what we've projected forward, as Joanne just said. I would just point out a couple things. The continued gross margin strength in addition to, while we see the demand backdrop is a little uncertain, we continue to operate the business for the quality of the sales, not chasing the last sale. You see that in the gross margin performance in the first quarter with over 100 basis points from operational gross margin, that continues into the second quarter and into the second half of the year, which is one of the reasons that we can reaffirm our profit guidance, even with a modest decline in the top line, which really just reflects the current trends that we're seeing in the business today.
Scott Roe: Yes, that's right. Yes, we took about $100 million out of FX as you saw this predominantly in the Yen and RMB is where we see the biggest impact there, that $100 million.
Scott Roe: Yes, and Matt, just to speak to your question on gross margin cadence, first of all, what a strong Q1 we had, right? At 250, strongest gross margin expansion that we've seen. And yes, it's true that 150 basis points of that was free. A 100 of it was operational, which is all the things that Todd just talked about, right? Our continued investment in the brand focused on engagement versus just the pricing message, the innovation that's coming down the pipeline. All those things combined are given as pricing power. And when you look at the full year, we said that our freight tailwinds would moderate in the second half. They don't go to zero, but it's 150 basis points. It's very significant in the first half. It'll be similar in the second quarter, and then waning in the second half. But importantly, our gross margin for the entire year, including the back half, it remains very strong because of that operational gross margin performance that we just talked about. I mean, we're up in 150 basis points kind of range for the full year. So I don't want the freight to become the message. The message is operational discipline, continuing to reinvest in the brand, focused on quality of sales and engagement, is driving gross margin. And that's what's really holding this guide together for the full year, where even on a little bit moderated top line, we're able to hold our profitability guidance. That coupled with the expense control that we talked about, we'll start to see expense leverage in the second half, which combined with the gross margin is what allowed us to hold that profitability forecast. Balance first half, second half, op income. Really, why EPS is front-ended is more about the shares and tax cadence as we stop the repurchase, which is going to benefit us less in the second half.
Scott Roe: Yes, first of all, welcome back, Michael. And secondly, yes, you had it right, it's the total gross margin for the year, implied in the guide. We didn't actually guide to your gross margin. We did op margin, but that's how you get there.
Scott Roe: And I'll just chip in real quick, Michael, on your China question. I think you asked about Coach, China, our China business in total of which obviously Coache is the driver. We grew 9% in the first quarter. We expect mid-single digit for the full year, which would have us about flattish in the second half. We still think we'll be above 2021 levels or slightly above 2021 levels for the full year. But that's really reflecting the trends that we're seeing on the ground right now.
Scott Roe: So as you can appreciate, Mark, what I can say is very limited at this point, given where we're at. I'll just reiterate what we said at the time of the deal. Our expectations for Capri were that in our planning horizon, which is the first three years, we expected modest growth, kind of low single digits, with it being down in the first year, this year, with the most pressure in micro [inaudible]. Based on our assumptions, we saw, and we're confident in strong accretion, immediate double digit accretion, strong returns, et cetera. So we can't really update what we've said publicly at this point, given where we're at in the process. As it relates to interest rates, we all see what's going on out there. There's been some upward pressure, some moderation more recently. But a couple of things I'll remind you of. Well, I can't give you any specific numbers. We did put some hedges in place on the risk-free rate, so the treasury rate, which mitigate whatever movement that you might see. And we're still confident in the overall economics of the deal. More to come on financing as time goes on.
Scott Roe: Yes, maybe just a quick build, Mark. a lot of times a question that we get is, where do you see the evidence of the platforms that you've built your data and analytics capabilities? Where's the evidence in the P&L? I would say in two areas. Number one, the ability to understand the trends in our business and the fact that we're a data business and we use that data has helped us moderate our spending and that's why you're going to see leverage in light of a lighter demand environment in the second half. And then secondly, we don't guess on those decisions that Joanne just mentioned. We're very thoughtful in looking at the returns as we make these investments. We don't just say we're going to invest more in our brands. We're looking at those returns. We're leaning in where they work. We're leaning back where they don't. And that discipline is helping us to, I think, have a high-quality P&L in a very tough environment right now. And the last proof point is our inventory, right? That down 17%. Mostly that's in transit, but the combination of strong gross margins and really well-positioned inventory, I think, is just testing the insights that we're getting into the business and the discipline that you see.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Yes, I mean, as you've noticed over the three years, we've increased our AURs by more than 30%, and I am very confident that we will continue to see AUR growth. And what gives me this confidence is what we've been doing now for a couple of years, and it's compounding our innovation, our storytelling, our laser focus on the consumer we're going after. That gives us so much confidence in what we're doing, and what I love and what is so important about our category. Yes, there's choppy environments out there, but we sell an emotional category. And given that emotion and given that we're resonating with our customer, coupled with the fact that, as we've talked about in the past, there's so much white space today between where our brand fit and wear traditional European luxury fit. So even in challenging times, we have so much room. And our room is in two folds. One, it's raising the bottom, but it's also touching the top. Joanne mentioned in our prepared remarks the idle bag. The idle bag is a phenomenal bag. I was in Asia very few weeks ago and we're chasing inventory for the idle bag. We're chasing inventory for TAPE. Those are great opportunities, but we're so disciplined in our approach that I would rather be in a chase mode, maintain our gross margin, and continue to deliver. And that's what you're going to see us do for the balance of the year and the years to come.
Todd Kahn: Oh, no, sorry. I just quickly add, Brook, I mean, globally, we, our direct business was up. North America was up. And we feel good because, again, it goes back to the emotion and the connection we're making with the consumer. And by way of example, even in a value channel, we're introducing more Tabby bags directly at full price because it's just a point of distribution. And we're seeing that in North America resonate, and we're going to roll that out over time to more and more doors. So it's very interesting. We're finding sometimes even the young cohort might come into the Coach brand buying a wristlet. That might be the first thing they buy. They might even buy it at one of our value channels. Then they end up buying a Tabby bag. So this concept of one Coach, of this desirability that we're creating, that people are coming in into an outlet store with its image of the Coach Tabby bag and wanting that, that to me creates so much more desire across all value channels and full price channels.
Todd Kahn: The one thing I will add, again, as Joanne said, we love our direct business. We love our hotel partners that we're in. I'm looking forward to the opportunities that may come to enhance the hotel in a selective way when we have the leverage of multiple brands. So I think that's going to be a benefit to the consumer and a benefit to our hotel partners.
Todd Kahn: Okay, thank you. Oliver, it's interesting. We did a lot of due diligence on Amazon and we talk a lot at the Coach brand about being consumer obsessed. And through that due diligence and through this trial that we've launched with Amazon. We recognize, particularly with a young consumer, that the journey, the discovery, the particularly of fashion brands in our category, starts at Amazon. And we've been on Amazon. And one of the things that I love with this trial that we're working with Amazon is, we opened up a beautiful brand enhancing shop on Amazon. We're learning, we're using their technology. Their 3D technology alone is fascinating in terms of showing the functionality and the desirability of our product. They've been a very good partner. It's a hostile relationship. And to date, we've seen no cannibalization. So again, when you put things through a consumer lens and say, how does the consumer see a brand? How do you create desirability? How do you create accessibility? This looks like a pretty great start for us, and we're happy with the performance we've seen.
