Victor Luis: Thank you, Christian. We're very excited about Kate Spade brand and its international opportunity. Look, just comparing with Coach Inc. where we are in the four key global markets, first and foremost of course, there's tremendous opportunities still here in the U.S. We got a brand that basically is in a 178 locations relative to our 400 as you heard, on our speakers notes we definitely see opportunity to manage the outlet channel more proactively here in North America. So that's one. And then is the three key international markets, Japan, China and Europe, we see tremendous opportunity. The brand is more mature in the Japanese market where there are 88 locations, relative to where Coach is for example with a 180, 184-5 locations, we definitely see an opportunity in that market and then in Europe and in China we’re especially excited because we're in our infancy in Europe. There are seven locations, Kate's doing really well in the U.K where it just getting its footing if you will with the first seven locations in UK and Ireland and then one location, six in the U.K. and Ireland, one location in Paris, but especially excited by the initial results there. And then in China, we are today in approximately with a distributor partner at 33 locations relative to 175 to 180 for the Coach Brand. And we see an opportunity of course to grow our awareness in all of these markets, as an example here in the U.S. Kate’s unaided awareness is 31% relative to Coach’s 71% and in Japan which is the second largest market in the world for us and indeed for Kate and for the category, Kate’s awareness is 15% unaided relative to Coach’s 51%. So we're very focused on the international opportunity. And I think you'll hear a lot about that in the quarters ahead.
Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh jump in. I'll take that question. Overall Bob we've been seeing very consistent traffic trends over the last few quarters. More or less, I would say in the negative single digits range. Obviously we've been driving the business through conversion, great product and pretty consistent across both channels with maybe the full price store suffering a little bit more from the traffic perspective than the outlet channel.
Victor Luis: And then Ike in relation to comp and its progress throughout the year as you know in the speaker's notes and it's been very much something that we've talked about since we announced the acquisition was our desire to managing drive the brand for long term health and growth. We are taking two very important decisions towards that end which is reducing a lot of the promotional impression that we believe are more harmful to long-term brand health, specifically through the online price or flash sales, as well as through the more urban discount or wholesale disposition d channel, specifically of course we pull back on the surprise business will have a negative impact of course on comp throughout the year given that currently there brick and mortar comp has been consistent with the first quarter in their second quarter on what is now of course - with our fourth quarter. And I would say around negative 8 you would assume that the pullback in online will mean that brick and mortar comp will improve as the year progresses. That is our plan today.
Victor Luis: Sure. First I’ll Josh talk a little bit about his views and strategies on the web. We're very excited about his passion and experience there. And then I will jump in with Kevin on everything related to - everything related to synergies and cost.
Victor Luis: [Technical Difficulty] ability to get procurement savings. So those are in a more easier buckets, if you think about more the longer term, that's generally in the systems area, as well as the cost of good sold. So it takes longer to affect changes there. But overall we feel good about the process is underway. We feel good about the teamwork across the organization, as I noted earlier we will be updating you in each quarter earnings call.
Victor Luis: I think we've not given you know, specific gross margin rate, but it will be you know, call it to probably in the $170 million to $200 million, 200 basis points range for the year. As I said earlier it will be uneven by quarter as we you know, do some of the actions that you would expect it to have that kind of level - of profit is lower than traditional legacy code just to our business. And the other question I know was the gross margin for the year in the Coach Brands. Again, we've not given specific, but you should think about the Coach Brand you know, legacy businesses having modest gross margin expansion for the year. And then…
Victor Luis: What we said earlier the operating guidance that we have previously provided is no longer operable as we've moved to a house of brand and we will be providing annual operating guidance fourth quarter each year, as we’re looking at it on a total business…
Victor Luis: Hi, Lindsay. I’ll take the first - the second half of your question first in terms of potential competition or overlap, I couldn't be more excited with the results that we just got. In fact, no more than a month ago in post-purchase and combining our data basis, as you know we have a very large Coach data base, we actually combined Coach Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade data basis and did a little bit of cross shopping analysis and the result came back at less than 10% and that was slightly above 10% between Stuart Weitzman and Kate, which was really the highest cross over that we saw and was just about 10. So very exciting news. And I think speaks to our initial views and assumptions going into this, which is of course like riding an incremental business given the very unique brand attitude that Kate has, a much stronger leaning in towards a millennial consumer at over 60% which compares to basically just over 30% for the Coach Brand and a very differentiated brand attitude and positioning globally not just here in the U.S. although nascent in international markets. In terms of – so in conclusion, we're not worried at all about the crossover or competition that you look. In terms of – and we see ourselves obviously growing our total market share with a combined house of brands. In terms of distribution, very excited about the opportunities globally, as I talked to earlier, I believe it was the first question in terms of just the number of opportunities ahead of us, both in the digital and brick and mortar perspective. I think on the outlet side, the opportunities are really two. One is definitely distribution, the outlet channel provides great opportunity for those more value conscious consumers that we see globally and visit and probably off the brick and mortar channels, so ones that we're still seeing developments in rather global aggressive pace compared to full price. And then second is the opportunity for just us to support that team. There's a great insight, but we believe we can support them in managing it much more efficiently and better. But at of course through innovation and product and hand-bags, leveraging our supply, increasing and improving quality and gross margin overall, all opportunities are ahead of in differentiating between the channels as well. So exciting, we're still very much ahead of us on that front. We look forward to keeping you updated on it.
Victor Luis: I think you’ll see it globally. We're still very much in the process of obviously look, we’ve owned the business for a month. We have plans to really drive the business globally. We’re still in the process of negotiating with our partners and landlord partners globally. I think you'll see some growth in our opening of - here in the U.S., as well as internationally with a focus especially on Japan and China. Of course, China remains a business which is a joint venture with a third party distributor, but we will certainly fill you in on that and we’re very excited about the opportunity across all markets.
Victor Luis: Yeah. On the international question, we have not provided comps on that and on the North America we have historically - we said going forward don’t provide global comps and as know indicated we're expecting actually low single digit growth in the Coach Brand thus likely.
Victor Luis: Omar, I would just add, and I think you'll see us to developing into that cross-channel go forward which is an exciting for. It really is.
Victor Luis: Yeah, Michael as you heard in my speakers notes, we're really taking a very deliberate approach to the stock here in year one, we’ve got a business that we starting with about skews, that compares to anywhere in north to 5, 600 skews under Jim Log [ph] We're starting with about 120 wholesale doors which from a department store or department store channel and wholesale for example we compare to 5to 600 dollars under Jim Log, if we were to include the disposition channel they were over thousands of door. So we're really starting with a very I would say a very focused and deliberate launch, but very excited about the opportunity long-term given the fact that it's a $28 million dollar opportunity for us and it's growing. And of course we’re leveraging a lot of that now specifically around fit that we're getting from [indiscernible] team.
Victor Luis: Sure. We don't see - look, overall I would say that we don't see dramatic shifts across channels from a promotional perspective. Of course, the department store channel has specifically seen the most substantial pullback across France and there the impact of Kate Spade is truly minimal. Now one of the most positive surprises for us actually we knew this through our diligence prior to the acquisition has been just how clean that brand has been and how well it's been managed from a promotional perspective, as it relates to the department store channel. And so we're excited about that. There's not much cleaning to do in there. As it relates to the online channel again, we see most of the impact from our own actions and what we see from Kate Spade has been very difficult to read in terms of impact across brands or cross-channel. For us this is really not as much about reducing it to gain market share in one channel or another. But really about managing brand power for the long-term, that's the strategy, that's what we're focused on. And so doing of course allow for a much more sustainable growth both top and bottom line for our brands.
Victor Luis: Yeah, I would say, look, we don’t add anything to what Josh had share with you which is obviously incredibly pleased with the fact that consecutive comp here in North America are very focused on continuing to drive engagement across channels, of course on brick and mortar full price outlet and digital channel and you'll see of course as Josh mentioned digital continues to be increasingly important for him and for the brands under his leadership. And globally, I wouldn’t add anything to what we've just guided, which of course is the low single digit cost of the brand across markets which we're excited about. So my brand is increasingly global as you know with growth coming especially out of Europe and China which has been appealing for a few quarters and of course in China for few years. That we’re continues to be very excited about.
Victor Luis: Yes. The licenses are part - the discussion about licenses approximate licenses not distribution based licenses. As I mentioned we do have a JV with China that of course we will be focusing on, and it relates to the products based licenses, there is no intent to spend anything early. A lot of these licenses do have short times. So we will be re-evaluating them on a case by case basis. I think our objective is just truly focus on the core fashion category and especially in certain home licenses, but you will you will definitely see us reduce the number and average power and much more fully within the handbag in accessories business where we believe the greatest opportunity lies.
Victor Luis: I would say in general when we talk about promotion levels, of course were most focused on what is happening I would say in the premium brands space and those domestic and European players that are closest to us across the distribution channels, whether that be with specialty of course in wholesale and in the out of the channel, which of course by nature is a promotional channel.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea, Just want to close by first and foremost welcoming the Kate Spade team, I know there is quite of those folks listening in and walking down to the Coach Inc. family. We’re incredibly excited to have them as a part of the team and very much looking forward to supporting them in their growth as a brand not only here in the U.S., but globally. Also want to thank and congratulate the Coach Inc and teams on a fantastic fiscal year ’17, as we continue to drive results and our brand transformation and as the Stuart Weitzman team moves under the direction of Wendy and Giovanni Morelli in this new chapter, as well. Obviously could not be more excited about our revolution corporately as a house of brands and bringing our vision to markets across the globe and looking forward to continuing to connect with all of you as we share the work that we're doing not only in our into adding our brands, but of course integrating the Kate Spade brand in the quarters ahead. Thank you all.
Kevin Wills: Good morning, Erinn. Few components I guess on the gross margin change, as we said on our Q3 call in May we didn't expect the fourth quarter gross margin to contract given that we began anniversarying some of the product cost benefits that drove the gross margin expansion in quarter one and three. We did achieve some cost reductions in Q4, but at a lower level as compared to the prior quarters and it was not sufficient enough to offset the promotional activity which basically stayed approximately same as in prior quarters. We also had expected to reduce the outlet promotion based on some innovations in product that we had put in the channel, however due to [audio break] products not fully resonating what consumers expected we did not [indiscernible] the promotions as planned. We also felt like that we missed a little bit on logo product and as we observed during the fourth quarter a broad emerging trend towards more logo products, which were going to be getting into as we move into the second quarter of this year. And as you noted, we did have some FX impact in channel mix and what we're seeing in the gross margin on [indiscernible] also note that as we move into fiscal ‘18 we do expect a year-over-year decrease in margin rate with more pressure in the first half with a significant majority of this year-over-year decline being attributable to Kate Spade business which runs at a lower gross margin rate. As it relates to the [indiscernible] question that will be a negative impact to the gross margin rate as we move into ’18 as we come in earlier. That was a last year’s business previously that was effectively 100% [audio break] about a little bit of headwinds as we move into fiscal ’18, but we certainly think it’s the right strategic long-term decision for us.
Kevin Wills: Sure. Morning, Ike. There is a number of factors that are weighing in on the first quarter and I'll kind of try to unpack those for you. First on the sales, we do have some calendar shifts in the first quarter where we see some sales probably going to be moving from Q1 into Q2. We also expect probably some more FX headwinds on both sales and margin in the first quarter. Also keep in mind as we said earlier, we did not own the Kate Spade business until July 12th. So there's about $33 million to $35 million thereabouts of sales that occurs on the July period that we do not get credit for prior to us acquiring them. On the gross margin side, we do expect some continued pressure into the – in the first quarter, although at a lesser degree than we experienced in the fourth quarter and as I said earlier, as we moved into the second quarter we believe we're going to be in a better inventory position to be able capitalize on some emerging trends. And then on – thinking about from a pro-forma from the Kate Spade perspective, again we're going to see some pressure there from a gross margin.  On SG&A side we got some puts and takes there. But as the top line we see a little bit of pressure creating some difficulty on the leverage perspective and I would also note that if you’re thinking about it on a pro forma basis with Kate [indiscernible] they did have some good news in their last year September quarter ended relative to [reverse in] [ph] incentive compensation benefits that they had been accruing for in their first half. So we're up against that. And then finally I would note that you know, you add all that together we're not expecting a meaningful operating profit contribution from Kate in Q1 due to the actions that we’re taking combined with the fact that their fiscal – our fiscal Q1 has not traditionally been a large profit contribution from the Kate business.
Kevin Wills: Michael, it’s Kevin, now to be clear it's a negative to the gross margin rate for the year. The last one business effectively 100% margin now we take it in-house and obviously is less than 100% because you've got a cost. So it's actually a modest headwind on the gross margin rate for the year and overall it would be you know, small dollars in the big picture. So it's not a material impact, but it's you know modestly we're very slightly negative for the year we’re taking back.
Joshua Schulman: Good morning. This is Josh. So as Victor said I am passionate about really building the coach.com business both from a business perspective and as a global digital flagship. We see opportunities to immediately impact the business by evolving our targeting strategies and the way we look at the spend allocated for performance marketing. And then as we revision coach.com as the global digital flagship really looking at it regionally on global basis and seeing how we can tie that more mystically into the omni channel experience that our customer has. From a product point of view online too, we have an opportunity to distinguish the channel and leverage an exclusivity message that can tie into some content creation, as well as amplifying the volume at some lower price point as well. In terms of Amazon, for the time being we don't see that as a true luxury play and where many of our core competitors play and we're more excited about engaging directly with our customers through our own digital channels and those of our premium wholesale customers.
Joshua Schulman: Good morning. One of my early observations was really how this team has driven the outlet channel through innovation and how and how that's been resonating with our customers these past few quarters. I think what we saw different at the end of Q4 was that there was a resurgence in demand for some of our local product that has traditionally occupied a higher margin within our mix. And so we have a higher turn on the logo product in the fourth quarter and we're actually working part now to position ourselves to be in business in that product. And my observation that is somewhat related to the overall logo trend, but I also see it as a terrific time for the brand health that this heritage product that is so iconic to Coach is seeing resurgence demand wherever we have it.
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, we see it as positive and we're actively chasing now and we anticipate to be in a more complete stock position for Q2.
