Scott Roe: Okay. Let me jump in here, Bob, and just take the second part of your question first. On Capri's standalone results, yeah, you're right, the level of underperformance that they have announced is disappointing and surprising, frankly, particularly as it relates to the flow-through to profitability and cash flow. But this is really an execution opportunity. I hope you see that what we've displayed within our business is agility and the ability to get after expenses and right-size and we see this as a real opportunity. But with that, just notably to pick on the biggest brand or to point out the biggest brand, Michael Kors, despite all these declines in top-line and profitability, it's still a business that has an operating income in the high teens. Second, on the combination, as we said in the prepared remarks, it's still a strong strategic fit. But let me be clear, and financially, the metrics, it is accretive to our baseline EPS, offers double-digit ROIC over our planning horizon, and we're firmly committed to hitting our deleverage targets and maintaining investment-grade even despite the results that have been recently printed. And lastly, as you think about our approach to integration, I mean, I guess one advantage of having this time as we've gone through the FTC process is we've had even more time for integration planning, for doing outside analysis. And based on that, our conviction over the synergies continues to increase. We have even more conviction on what this combination means from a synergy standpoint. So that...
Scott Roe: Yeah, sure. So, while Plan A is our priority, should we find ourselves in the Plan B scenario, a couple of things I'd just remind you of Ike. So first of all, our free cash flow strength, and if you look over the year just reported and our guidance for this year kind of averaging in that $1.2 billion from free cash flow, think of that as an ongoing baseline for the underlying profitability of the business, a little over $300 million in dividends, $325 million. That gives us more than $800 million of excess cash, which can be deployed against those capital allocation priorities. And should we find ourselves in that situation and given the current valuation, obviously, buybacks are a pretty compelling option for us to consider in that four-lens framework. The other question you asked me was synergies. I'm not prepared to give you a number. I would just reiterate what I said that more than $200 million, we have even more conviction. So, you can assume that means that we're looking at potentially even more synergies from this deal. Upon closing, we'll come back and give you more illumination on what that looks like.
Scott Roe: And a very brief add to your specific question as it relates to what's driving gross margin, it's really the structural drivers that you saw on display in the year just closed, continue into next year. Yeah, AUR is a part of that. Also AUC as we continue to find efficiencies throughout the supply chain and that's probably an underappreciated part of our gross margin story as we think about structural advantages going forward.
Scott Roe: And Michael, I think you were asking me in the four quarter, what was FX? It was about 60 bps or so favorable. So, 100 basis points of operational growth in the quarter, and that was really what drove our outperformance versus our expectation. So, those structural drivers are largely in place. As we look at next year, we guided to 40 bps for the full year. We expect to see a little bit stronger in the first half. We got a little bit of freight as a positive in the first half that turns a bit negative in the second half and similar on the FX. So, the important thing to me is the operational benefits that we've seen in gross margin continue and that's really the AUR, AUC that I referenced earlier on an ongoing basis.
Scott Roe: Yeah. Let me hit the last part of that real quick because it is a quick one, right? So remember, we had some timing between Q3 and Q4 on expenses, and we said it was related primarily to marketing and it was primarily at Coach. So, there's no news there in Q4 margin. We see a continued path on the -- what I would say, our exceptional margin performance at Coach. And that is not an indication of a trend. It's really just timing between the quarters. And we expect margins at Coach to remain at their exceptional levels and see opportunities to continue to invest and grow gross margins. So, as it relates to the Capri business, you're not wrong. Obviously, as I said and Joanne said in our prepared remarks, we're disappointed and a bit surprised at the flow-through, which all that means is your starting point is a little different and we see execution opportunities that frankly, we know how to get after and that made us reevaluate what that first 12 months looks like. That doesn't really change the destination. And hopefully, you heard that in our collective comments. We still see a very compelling value-creation opportunity. But as we run various scenarios based on where we see the starting point on the current results, we are still confident in accretion, but the exact level of that accretion will be back on closing the deal and give you more granularity there. One other thing too, as it relates to the deal, I said it earlier, but I just want to reiterate because it's important. Don't forget the underlying Tapestry business, which is running a bit ahead of our expectations in profit and cash flow, and also my comments around our increasing conviction around the synergies. So, you got to look at this holistically on the combined entity as you think about the long-term path and the returns. And that collectively is what gave the confidence on the earlier reiteration of the metrics that I laid out in the prepared remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'm sorry about that technical glitch. I am back on the call, so I appreciate it. And to add, Bob, to the points that Scott was making, we do have conviction, but I wanted to touch for a minute on our results because you did mention the contrast in our results versus theirs. So, I think the results we delivered today where I know the results speak to our focus on brand-building, consumer centricity and the excellent execution that our teams are delivering. And I do want to remind you that we delivered the highest gross margin in the company in over 15 years. We delivered double-digit EPS growth and strong free cash flow, and we have momentum at our largest brand, Coach. And as we scan the landscape today, we know that companies and brands that are innovating and executing are winning, and you see that in our results. So that puts us in a position of strength, and it underpins our confidence in the path ahead. And to your question on the acquisition, I know Scott took us through the numbers and how we're thinking about accretion, but this combination remains an excellent strategic fit. And we see compelling long-term value creation opportunity under our ownership. To your point, their standalone results have been surprising and disappointing to us. Our priority is to reinvigorate the business and we believe we're well positioned to do that. These are iconic brands, and to drive growth will bring a stronger focus on the consumer to deliver more innovation and more relevance, and these are areas that we have a proven ability to execute. And as Scott covered the financials, we have a realistic understanding of the financials and confidence in our ability to execute and drive value creation long-term with this transaction.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Maybe I'll kick it off, Ike, and then pass it to Scott again. We do have both strategic and financial strength and flexibility at Tapestry. We have multiple paths to value creation. Using your words, Plan A is this transaction and the deal is compelling and a significant value creation opportunity for us as I just outlined. But equally important is we entered this transaction from a position of strength. We have a growing organic business, strong earnings delivery and significant cash flow that allows for us to invest in our business and our brands and return capital. So, maybe I'll pass it to Scott to add any details on our capital allocation priorities.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Lorraine. We expect to build on the foundation that we've set over the last few years and our focus is really to accelerate the growth in the top-line. As we said in our prepared remarks, Kate is a unique brand. It has a distinctive positioning in the marketplace. And the opportunities we see to expand the top-line are very clear. We have a clear imperative for growth from here through brand building. And as we talked about, it's not just about bringing the innovation, which is required for -- from consumers today, we have to bring the innovation, but we also have to cut through with holistic marketing and brand building. We are investing in the brand. So, even as we're delivering higher gross margins, operating margins and profit dollars, which we did in fiscal '24, we're doing that while investing in the brand. So, you'll see us continue to invest in the brand, but also continue to expand margins as we work to improve the top-line performance of the brand. And we look forward to welcoming Eva in October.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we are building and continue to drive a healthy business. That's been our focus not only in China, but around the world and I think evidenced in our margin delivery that continues at Tapestry, but like many others, we're seeing macro headwinds impacting the landscape. Despite this, we did grow in fiscal '24. And as we think about the forward view, we are expecting the market to be basically in line in fiscal '25 with where it was in '24. But we -- our long-term view on China and the opportunity that exists in that market has not changed. We're taking a prudent approach in the short term in how we're planning and in our guidance, but we continue to stay close to the consumer. Our teams are moving as that consumer is moving. We're building the business in a very healthy way in the market. And maybe I'll toss it to Todd to give some color around what we're seeing at Coach specifically.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I'll start at a high level, but briefly. What supports AUR, excuse me, is the innovation and the investments we're making in brand building. And we see that today and where we're delivering that innovation, we're winning and our brand building efforts are paying off. We're acquiring new customers and younger customers importantly. And those customers are coming into our brands and at higher AUR and strong margins. So, those investments that we're making are paying off. The work that we do is structural to our business and I'm staying close to the consumer leveraging data, but it's that balance of magic and logic that we continue to bring. That's structural. And that's what gives us confidence in the future for both gross margin and AUR. But Todd, I don't know if you want to make some comments about Coach specifically.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah, we -- I appreciate the question. We evaluate our investment with any capital allocation decision we make with a lot of rigor, understanding the value-creation opportunities we see. And so, you see that in how we've been managing our business at Tapestry, and we would expect to continue to invest in our brands. Our focus is ensuring that we're driving investment behind the brands in marketing. We're being very rigorous on any non-brand-building SG&A. We have and -- we have, I think, competitive advantage through our technology and digital capabilities and we continue to foster those, so that we can meet our customer where they are. And that's globally. Our data and analytics capabilities have been recently rolled out around the world in different regions, so that we have access to the data tools as well. So, those are the places that we invest. And increasingly, we see an opportunity to invest more in our store fleet, which I think you touched on a bit in our capital allocation with two-thirds of the capital we expect to invest in the next fiscal year in brick-and-mortar in expansion and relocation and remodel of our stores. So, we have, as I said, a rigorous process and an understanding of where we see and expect returns from those investments. And geographically, we are -- we definitely see opportunity in Asia, both in China over time, and we're staying close to the consumer there and making sure we understand where our brands need to show up in that region. But also Other Asia and Japan and Korea, like that market is growing in penetration and strong growth there. And we've had success in Europe, as you've seen by our results. So that's not to leave out North America. We continue to find great opportunities to expand the brand. So, I would say that we're investing in brand building first and in distribution, and we'll continue to monitor and deliver, put our money behind the investments that we see driving the best returns for our brands and our business.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So, I'll start with Michael Kors. And what we're seeing in our business and what our platform has been delivering is delivering brand building. And you can see that with Coach and it's a clear example. We have important learnings as we've built the momentum in Coach. Brands win, as you know, Oliver, on emotion and innovation. And as it relates to Michael Kors, we do a lot of outside-in work, including we're doing deep consumer research. And as we've talked to consumers, we've learned that they see Michael Kors as an iconic and distinctive brand. There is a lot of love among consumers for the brand. And what we hear is that the expression of that brand has lost relevance for today's consumer. Under our ownership, we believe we can reinvigorate that through the brand-building efforts and leveraging our platform. It starts with a clear understanding of the target consumer. It's about innovating product and marketing and accelerating growth through direct channels. These are all leveraging the benefits of the Tapestry platform from our consumer insights capabilities to our supply chain to our tech stack. And as we said, we're developing integration process -- developing the integration plans and we have an increasing conviction in the synergy estimates. So, we see a lot of value to unlock and definitely see the opportunity to leverage Tapestry's capabilities to bring that to bear. On the Coach...
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Christina, and thank you all for joining us and for your continued interest in our story. As we shared today, we delivered a successful year and are operating from a position of strength. We enter our new fiscal year with a bias for action and growth and will remain maniacally focused on bringing innovation, emotion and execution required to win with consumers. Importantly, our fiscal '25 guidance is both prudent and achievable, and is only a baseline, with additional strategic financial flexibility to enhance our growth and drive significant value for all stakeholders in the months and years to come. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Todd Kahn: Yeah, thanks. First, in North America, Coach delivered slight growth in the fourth quarter, and it was -- at incredible margins, and it was led by our retail full price business. When you scale out for a second, there are very, very few brands that are at our level of volume that are growing, that deliver 76%-plus gross margin, and just to refresh your recollection, that's 600 basis points above FY '19. And when you get to the reasons why, we can do that because of four overarching attributes. First, expressive luxury is working with our myopic focus on timeless Gen Z. Second, product innovation. Product innovation is just incredible. You see it with Tabby. You may have noticed a recent bag we launched called Brooklyn. Brooklyn is part of the New York family. It is -- has a very different attitude than Tabby, and it's incremental. And around the shop, we like to say no sleep till Brooklyn, New York becomes the next Tabby family. And lastly, the compelling storytelling in our marketing coupled with what really is our underlying strength. We have a team of operators who know how to be commercially successful. And that bodes well for Coach's future, but it also bodes well for the bench we're creating for Tapestry's future.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, Brooke. Building on what Joanne said, we are very, very bullish on the mid- and long-term view on China. And we still see that as our best opportunity by region for meaningful growth. And what I particularly like is where the Coach brand is positioned. As we've seen traditional European luxury soften in China, our relevancy, we're getting -- we're giving that consumer an incredible value at a very fashionable -- with a very fashionable product. I'd say sometimes we don't need China to create 10 million millionaires. We need China to provide us with 10 million people that can buy a $500 bag. That's a materially different space. And we're -- so I see over the coming years, productivity gains, and I also see real opportunities for distribution gains in second- and third-tier cities where again we show up so well. We're very relevant to the consumer. We're very focused on their desire. So, I'm very, very bullish on China over the long term.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. You touched on so many important things, but I understand when you look at it and we love celebrating that we had the highest sales in our history and exceeded $5 billion. And 11 years ago was the last time we exceeded $5 billion or just touched on it. We're doing it in such a brand healthy way today. You see it in our gross margin. You see it in our commitment under our, what we call, Coach-genomics to put our -- that gross margin to work, reducing our non-marketing SG&A and putting it in marketing to do exactly what Joanne just said, bring in a relevant younger new customer who experiences the brand at -- with a lot of brand heat and a lot of elevation. So, I see our path forward to be really robust. We're going to do it in a careful, measured way. We're not driving sales for sales sake. We're going to do it with great gross margin and with a real view to continue to sustain long-term growth.
Todd Kahn: Sure. Again, we're seeing progress in all our channels. So, when -- and one of the things we're doing, as you noted from the -- from what we're doing with the Tabby bag in outlet is we're blurring the line because the consumer is channel agnostic. They don't see outlet and retail the way we in the industry have historically seen it. When we spend 9% on marketing, a lot of it on upper funnel, particularly focused on families like Tabby, that consumer is walking into our outlet stores and they want the Tabby back. That's their -- that might be their best store in that community that might be -- they maybe a tourist traveling and that's the only visit they make for shopping and they want Tabby. So, we want to meet them where they're at, and of course, we're selling it at full price. So, we're excited by this opportunity. We're doing with Tabby now. We're going to extend it to a number of other brands. In fact, the Brooklyn bag that I mentioned, next month, you'll see it in select outlets as well. So, I think the long-term opportunities of blurring the line providing great value across all our entire fleet. And by the way, we're not just doing this in North America. We've been doing this in China for a while very successfully. So, I see this as the next big unlock for us. And in the coming quarters, we'll talk more and more about it as we get the momentum behind it.
Todd Kahn: Sorry. No, thanks. Sorry. Hi, Oliver. In terms of Coach, good-better-best, I think what you've seen us do in the last four years has really raised the floor for us. And we like our positioning. We like the sweet spot of $200 to $500 bags, that range. We have offerings across the spectrum. We have bags for $1,000 and we have opening price point bags. So again, we play in a wide, wide range. We know the consumer has hundreds of choices. We have to win with innovation, which we're doing. You see it with the Tabby extensions. And again, I go back to the New York family. We just launched this Brooklyn bag, and it's incredible. We haven't even started our campaign yet and every week, we're being -- we see our sell-out in different colorways. So, it gives me a lot of good feeling about where we're playing. As it is -- as you reflected China, again, we offer incredible value in China as compared to traditional European luxury. So, I like our brand positioning. We're going to measure -- be measured on AUR growth, particularly in China. We're going to continue to watch the market. And we want to go after and really be the most relevant brand we can be in that market. So, I'm excited by our future and I'm excited by how well we're competing.
