Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob. I'll take the first one, and then pass on to Andre for the second one on outlet. In terms of China, as you mentioned, we're really pleased to be bucking the trends that many of our traditional competitors are reporting. I have just had the pleasure of spending a week with our teams in Shanghai, in Hong Kong, visited our renovated flagship stores first on Canton Road and then at Hong Kong Plaza in Shanghai, as well as IFC in Hong Kong, and was really pleased and proud of the work that the team is doing on the ground. All of those locations are being incredibly well received and our team is managing our brand incredibly well in what is of course a very turbulent environment, not only with the exchange rate fluctuations and the impact on traffic into Hong Kong and Macau, but also the domestic stock market gyrations which are now very well-publicized. As to the mainland itself, as we noted, our revenue has held at double-digit growth with positive comps and this is very much similar levels to what we saw in the fourth quarter. We continue to see the slowdown in Hong Kong and Macau with the Chinese as well, of course, as in South Korea with the impact of MERS and some slowdown here in North America due to currency fluctuations, but we have seen PRC growth in the mainland, of course, and in Japan and Europe more than make up for those drops in the specific locations mentioned. In the medium-term, I think we can expect the MERS impact to lessen in South Korea. In fact, we are already, as we head into this quarter, beginning to see that which is great news. And over the medium term we also expect a better Hong Kong, Macau trend, especially in Q4, as we anniversary the slowdown there. I just think it really speaks to the great work of our teams and increasingly our transformation taking hold. I'll now pass on to Andre for your question on outlet.
Victor Luis: No. Very much per our plan, Ike. Last year this time we had 13 events. We've been very much planning about two per month and that's very much what we did this quarter as you heard in Andre's prepared remarks with seven events. So very much per our expectations, nothing different.
Victor Luis: No, not dramatically. Of course, we're seeing a slightly higher promotional cadence within the wholesale channel in general, a little bit more price competition which is leading to the below $300 bucket having a higher penetration overall, but in general I would say no really dramatic differences.
Victor Luis: I'll take the first question and then pass on to Andre in terms of the store closings here specifically in North America, Brian. In terms of the consumer survey, it's very much as you mentioned, we see consumers a little bit on the sidelines. Obviously there's a lot of macro and currency and other issues that are impacting global trends today. But as we've mentioned over the last call and, again, I think are seeing in our most recent quarterly survey, consumers are looking to be inspired and they're looking for newness and innovation. Our transformation is very focused on that and we're incredibly excited, of course, by the progress that we're seeing, especially through our full-price channel. Andre, maybe on the...
Victor Luis: And I would say we haven't seen any change from the previous quarter to this quarter in any one of those areas. Very consistent really. PRC has continued along the same lines as we saw last quarter and I would say that in the department store it's very consistent as well.
Victor Luis: Thank you all for listening. I just want to close by thanking and congratulating our Coach teams globally. Thanks to their hard work, their perseverance and, of course, their excellence in execution, our transformation remains very much on plan. We're pleased with the progress that we're seeing here in North America, of course, with the sequential improvement in our business which has been led, as we have always expected, by our full-price channel where we have put the greatest investments and focus. In what is a rather turbulent global environment for the category, our balanced and strong franchise in Asia as well as our greenfield opportunity in Europe is serving us well. And lastly, I'm excited by the emerging trends that we've seen at the Stuart Weitzman brand, not only thanks to the very strong product foundation that they have but also thanks to the very strong and growing momentum that we're seeing with them in Asia. So all bodes well for us for the rest of the fiscal year. Thank you.
Andre Cohen - President: Hello, Bob. For outlet, well, first in general, we've been pleased with the sequential improvements of the business there from the last quarter to this one. Discount rates are actually slightly lower than they were last quarter, so we're making progress there with more elevated product and a high share of Stuart Vevers designed product. And in terms of your question on full-price product in outlet, actually the proportions remained similar to what it's been historically, actually slightly lower, so there's slightly more made-for-outlet product selling through at the moment.
Andre Cohen - President: Sure. So essentially our above $400 business, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, was up in units. We've seen a very good growth between $400 and $600, a significant comp growth there, above $600 assortments being a little lighter than it was last year, so there we saw a drop actually, which resulted in a drop in AUR about $400 and that's an opportunity we see in the future for 1941 as we launch that label. Now below $300, we've actually filled gaps in the assortment, so there we've seen a significant increase and we think that bodes really well actually for the holidays where we had gaps as we know last year.
Andre Cohen - President: The Logo business has continued decline, as we focused on leather, capitalizing on a trend in the market that's moving more towards non-Logo products. So it's down this quarter. I don't see that trend changing significantly over the next couple of quarters.
Andre Cohen - President: Sure. So we've seen improvements in terms of comps sequentially in both channels. It has been led by retail where there we've seen good trends in both conversion and traffic improving sequentially. ADT average transactions have remained positive in retail. We've seen a similar trend in outlet but a bit more muted than in retail.
Andre Cohen - President: Sure. So it's really about the three pillars that we've been talking about for the past two quarters coming together, so products, marketing obviously and distribution. In terms of product, as I mentioned earlier, we have filled gaps in the below $300 bracket, which I think were an opportunity last holiday season. So a lot more in both channels, frankly, retail and outlets, a lot more of an offering in the below $300 bracket. We've also added I think a lot more emotion and elevation at the same time in our stores, a big focus on gifting, I mentioned shearling, metallics, glitter, et cetera, in full price and outlet. The other thing in outlet is we had a gap we know, an opportunity last year in gift sets below $100. We tripled our investment in that area. So I think we're positioned much better in terms of product, certainly, than we were a year ago. We're also building on the momentum of all the marketing activities that started with the runway show. That continues to gather momentum and obviously we're continuing to see strength in our modern luxury renovations. So we think the three pillars are going to be slowly coming together this quarter. Also I should note that the momentum that we saw in Q1 has continued into October, so that we think bodes well for the holiday.
Andre Cohen - President: Sure. We think the conversion is the metric that's going to be improving the most. We've maintained positive ADTs. We see that continuing, but conversion is the metric that we're expecting to improve sequentially in both channels the most.
Andre Cohen - President: Yes. So we've seen on the outlet front first in product an increasing share of Stuart designed product and that's been impacting performance obviously. The modern luxury renovations that we've completed so far have been outperforming the rest of the chain, so that's given us confidence to continue to deploy that plan. The one learning I'd say is in the men's renovations, men's modern luxury renovations in outlet where we've seen less of an impact candidly and I think that comes from the fact that the men's doors are more recent doors. The modern luxury doesn't look as different as it does from the core doors, so our focus is going to be more on our core outlet doors in terms of renovations.
Andre Cohen - President: So the Logo penetration has dropped in outlet. It's at about 30% now versus roughly 40% a year ago. It's an integral part of the business. It's obviously become smaller than it was a few years and quarters ago. We see that continuing to decline slowly, while leather has been comping positive in outlet, and that's something that I think is very consistent with Coach's core equities. We stand really for leather, so. The wholesale question I may let Victor on.
Andre Cohen - President: Sure. So we've seen very minimal transfer of sales from closed doors. The doors we closed were primarily smaller doors that had limited material impact on the rest of the chain. And look, we'll continue to evaluate and optimize our fleet. As leases come up, we'll make decisions on continuing on closures so that's an ongoing process. We are closing about 22 doors this year, as Jane mentioned, so that's in the plans.
