Joanne Crevoiserat: Certainly, Bob. We delivered standout results and a significant inflection in Kate Spade in the second quarter. That was driven by product, people and our focus on the consumer. And Q2 has strengthened our confidence in the long-term opportunity we see to return -- to build Kate Spade to be a $2 billion brand. And I do want to recognize the team for the work over the past 18 months. They've leveraged our Tapestry platform and the acceleration program to rebuild the foundation of the brand, returning Kate Spade to the brand our customers love.  And just a few highlights on the second quarter. Sales growth of 33% in the second quarter, 16% above pre-pandemic levels. That was an 18-point sequential improvement, so a significant inflection. And we're doing that with stronger operating margins ahead of both last year and pre-pandemic levels. We're continuing to build on the digital strength in the brand with 30% growth there, nearly double pre-pandemic levels. We're acquiring new customers, 1.3 million new customers in the quarter, and we're reactivating, importantly, reactivating lapsed customers back to the brand. And also importantly, we saw a low double-digit increase in global handbag AUR, which shows the power of the product offering that we're building.  The team has been focused on building and amplifying key platforms. We've called out the Knott and spade flower, which continue to perform and new styles like the Carlyle that are bringing in new customers. These are resonating, and we're seeing higher full price selling across our assortments. And I would also add, importantly, we're also seeing growing brand awareness in our consumer research. So a lot to be excited about at Kate Spade. Kate Spade has a unique position in the market, and we are confident in the ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue at high-teens margins over our planning horizon.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. And I'll add to that, Ike, that our outlook raised our sales expectations for the year. We still expect double-digit increases in the back half of the year and strong double digits across the board across brands for the year in '22, delivering record sales levels at $6.75 billion. So continue to expect top line to perform.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. We have fundamentally transformed our business to strengthen our engagement with the consumer in this channel, and you can see that in our results. We are meeting our customers where they choose to engage and shop. And that's really been delivering results. We've invested in capabilities, including in talent to power the work here and drive better consumer experiences across our digital platforms. As you mentioned, we're approaching $2 billion in business. We reached 1/3 of our business in the holiday quarter, which is triple pre-pandemic level. So seeing a lot of traction here, and we continue to see new customer growth in these channels. So we feel great about the growth both from the revenue standpoint, but also from the customer profile, the new customers, the younger customers that we're increasingly attracting to our brands.  And we're also seeing this digital business as accretive to our margins as digital margins are higher than the respective brick-and-mortar. So that $2 billion represents a margin benefit to us, but also represents an opportunity because at $2 billion, it's less than 1/3 of our business on an annualized basis, and we think it can go higher from here. So we feel very optimistic about our digital business and continue to invest in those capabilities. And then to your question about stores, we also believe that stores represent an important touch point for our brands. And consumers are shopping across channels.  We did see improvement in store trends this quarter. At the same time, we continued to deliver strong growth in digital. So as customer shopping behaviors are changing, we're investing behind those experiences and those omnichannel experiences that make that a great touch point for our customers, and it's an important touch point for our brand. We have been focused on driving higher productivity and profitability across our store fleet. And even though our traffic levels in store business overall hasn't exceeded pre-pandemic levels, our margins in our store fleet have exceeded pre-pandemic levels. So we've done the work to ensure we're driving more profitability and more productivity out of our store fleet, and we continue to invest in great experiences for our consumers across all channels.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, let me start with China, and then I'll touch on the opportunity for Kate, but we did deliver growth in China in the second quarter on both a 1- and a 2-year basis. And we remain confident in the long-term potential that market represents. We see lots of runway ahead in that market. In Q2, we delivered growth 35% ahead of pre-pandemic levels, and we delivered growth with Chinese consumers globally. And that's been fueled by digital, significant innovation on existing and new platforms. And we see strong engagement with -- particularly with the younger consumer in the market. So continued innovation, strong business, continued growth, fueled by digital in the market.  We do expect some COVID-related pressure in the near term. We're seeing pockets of COVID pressure now, and we expect pressure in the near term, including some of the travel restrictions and lockdowns we mentioned in certain cities. But we continue to believe that China represents that compelling long-term growth opportunity for Tapestry in all of our brands. And a couple of data points, the Chinese consumer has proven to be incredibly resilient throughout this pandemic. And the research that we've done in the market indicates strong brand affinity with our brand. We delivered record sales with the #1 ranking on Tmall for both Coach and Stuart Weitzman in their respective categories. We also see strong purchase intent in our category over the next 12 months, and our brands are well positioned. We're targeting the fast-growing and emerging middle class, and we're executing strategies to drive sustainable growth. And we see that opportunity across all brands.  I would say Kate Spade right now is very small in China. Our focus has been on the North America and Japan markets, the core markets for Kate Spade. And as we get that brand moving, we see opportunity to drive growth in China in the future. But to give a little more color, I may pass it to Todd to give a little more color about what we're seeing in China with the Coach brand, where we're having -- continued to have success.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, and I'll just add, the work we're doing with NFTs right now is an example of how we think about innovation. We're always testing new ways to engage with consumers. We're testing and learning how they engage with NFTs, how it drives consumer loyalty. So we're experimenting and we'll see where the customer takes it, as we learn more about NFTs. And on ESG, I appreciate the question. ESG is important to our company and all of our brands. We have a program called Our Social Fabric that's been part of the fabric of our company, and it's focused on 3 pillars: it's focused on our people, our planet and our communities. And we continue to drive progress. We have stated goals, and we continue to drive progress behind goals in all of those categories. I am pleased to report that we just released our corporate responsibility report just published. I think it goes into a lot of detail at some of the progress we've been making across all 3.  I'll just hit a couple of highlights. We announced a bold commitment to tie 10% of our leadership incentive comp to our progress on EIND. We are committed to making progress on these objectives, and we are making progress. I know you know we established $50 million Tapestry foundation to support some of those initiatives, and we recently launched a founding partner with FIT in their social justice center to also improve EIND in our industry. So we're focused on in our company but also in our industry.  On the planet, we've recently announced a partnership with Savory Institute on regenerative leather, supporting our biodiversity objectives. We signed on to the science-based target initiatives to -- with a goal of net zero by 2050 at the latest. And we're making progress on our renewable energy goals as well as our sourcing and traceability. So that continues to be a strong focus of the company.  And then within our communities, I'm very proud of the volunteer work and the service that we are doing. All of our associates are super engaged. In this, we provided 1 paid volunteer day for our associates to get involved with their communities. It was an objective of meeting our $100,000 volunteer -- 100,000 volunteer service hour goal, and we are far along and it's driving a lot of pride across our teams. Our teams really appreciate the fact that we support their efforts to focus on the community, and they're proud to work for a company and be working towards not only the improvement of our business, but something much bigger than that. So ESG is very important for our company, and we're making progress.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So thanks, Mark. We have seen a lot of success in digital, and we're seeing strong returns on the investments we are making. There is a technology component to this, and it combines both our digital and our data and analytics capabilities. We have a strong technology foundation that allows us to adopt new technologies and new innovations quickly. So embedding data and analytics into our processes in a more robust way is helping drive conversion. It's helping drive our marketing as well. The platform and foundation we're investing in, and that's helping us with performance and we've seen improvement.  This holiday quarter, our digital business grew 30%, I call it strength on strength, but we did that and we delivered a much better experience for our consumers. And we saw our customer satisfaction scores increase significantly across the holiday quarter with the changes we're making. So it's impacting the experience. It's impacting our results and conversion, but I also -- the talent that we're building and, to your point, those investments are increasingly in talent and having the teams that are helping drive this innovation and they're doing great work. I would say innovation is the final piece that is powering our business. And we're very focused on moving with speed to be where our customers are.  And you can see the innovation we're delivering on those spaces being on new platforms and innovating quickly. We were -- in China, we were the first fashion brand to be -- to have a commercial site on TikTok. We remain #1 on TikTok and Tmall there. We have shoppable content across social media platforms. And even the NFT that we talked about earlier is a sign of how we think about innovation, testing and learning and moving quickly to be with our customer and stay close to our customer. So that is the focus of the investments, and we're seeing strong returns.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Brooke. We continue to see strong customer acquisition across all of our brands. So the 3 million new customers across all of our brands, that's 8 -- 11 million new customers over the last 18 months. So we have been focused on a consumer -- customer acquisition as part of our brand-building activities, again, structurally transformed our business to focus on improving our ability to engage consumers. And we see it paying off there.  We're doing that with innovative marketing. We're showing up on the platforms where our customers are. So first, it's getting to know and getting closer to our target consumers, knowing where they are and making sure we're speaking to them and connecting with them. These are customers who are transacting with us. So we -- these are customers who we've not only seen our marketing and our product, but they're buying from us and purchasing. So it's a combination of knowing our consumers, understanding and delivering great product that delivers on both their emotional and functional needs.  So we're better embedding data in that side of the process. And then in marketing, we've been much more innovative in our marketing. We've connected with this test and learn process where we have cross-functional teams in the business ideating and testing consistently against hypothesis, but the things that work are being scaled. And that's how we're driving all of this traction with customer acquisition. And frankly, we're applying the same retention and repurchase rates and repeat rates and reactivation. So we can -- we are a data-rich company, over 90% direct-to-consumer. And we're leveraging that data using new tools and technology that we've invested in.  Again, we continue to invest in talent that are driving both the creative side of the equation as well as the technical side to be in front of customers where they are and connect with them and speak to their values and the things that will be purchase drivers. So those are the drivers. The new customers that we're seeing are increasingly younger across our brands, and we think it provides a strong foundation for future growth.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, at Kate, we've seen tremendous traction. And we do have specialty and outlet stores. We're seeing traction across both. But the growth we're seeing has really been driven by our full price, and we are very excited about what we're seeing there. We expect to raise AUR and we're seeing AUR growth across channels, but -- and we have a high digital penetration. So I think if you look at the Kate Spade business in aggregate, we see a compelling value in the marketplace, delivering great product, we see unique positioning in the market, and we see customers responding across channels. But our growth and the growth that we're seeing and the traction that we're seeing is increasingly in the specialty channel in retail, a lot of the engagement and the novelty that we're seeing across social media channels as well is driving that emotional connection to the Kate Spade consumer. So Kate Spade has a tremendous runway ahead for growth. We're seeing traction across channels, particularly in our specialty channel. And we're very confident and see a lot of opportunity for growth ahead, both in absolute and in AUR.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I would thank you all for joining us this morning. Through our acceleration program, we've radically transformed our business model and it's delivering. We drove record sales and adjusted earnings during the holiday quarter with outperformance across each brand. We've increased our outlook for the year, which includes raising fiscal '22 or '22 revenue outlook to a record at $6.75 billion, with Coach approaching $5 billion and inflection at Kate Spade, digital revenue reaching $2 billion and our fiscal '22 outlook that is 40% above pre-pandemic levels. These results also support our strong returns. We expect to return over $1.5 billion to shareholders this year. And our teams are powering these results. They are our competitive advantage, and I want to recognize and thank them for the standout performance. Their relentless drive and unwavering focus on the consumer will build on our strong foundation and deliver sustainable growth into the future. Thank you.
Scott Roe: Okay. I'm sure that was my error. Sorry. Yes. So hey, this is a good story, right? We took bold and early actions from an inventory standpoint to position ourselves well for holiday. And as you can see by the strong quarter we had, it worked, and -- particularly in Kate. So the message here that we were trying to convey is that we sold through a lot of inventory and we wish we had a little more because the demand is really strong and continues into the third quarter. So this is going to put some pressure on our ability to chase the demand in the short term.  But over time, we've seen that our production is back in line. We talked about that last quarter. We still have some issues on the logistics side, elongated lead times. So the message here is that, first of all, the demand is strong. We've had a really strong quarter. We wish we had a little more inventory, particularly in Kate Spade, and that's going to put a little hamper on our ability to chase that strong demand, but we'll be back in shape by the end of the year, and we'll see that this is not going to be a lingering issue from our standpoint.  The other thing I'd just briefly mention, as we brought in this inventory and had a cost, we talked about that, that's not new, right? So that cost is -- you see it in our gross margin in the short term. Importantly, though, because our flow of inventory is now back to approaching normal levels, we significantly moderated the amount of air freight and expedited freight on a go-forward basis. So that's largely behind us. It will take a while for that to work its way through the P&L, and we'll see some of those impacts in the third quarter. But on an ongoing basis, we have significantly curtailed the amount of excess freight to get that inventory back in shape.
Scott Roe: Yes. We haven't put a number on that. Just know that the demand is stronger than our ability to supply it in the short term, and we will see some -- some moderation in the third quarter and in the growth rate at Kate. That is not a reflection of the underlying demand or the strength of the brand. It's more of a supply-demand match in the short term.
Scott Roe: Yes, Mark, maybe I'll just build to and part of your question was around leverage and how we see that. I just, first of all, say the power of these platforms is really impressive, and you heard Todd mention how the logic side of the business is really powering all of our brands, and I think it's obvious in the results that you're seeing and I can tell you as someone who is relatively new to the story, seeing this company go from a technology deficit to technology really driving the business in a really short period of time through the acceleration program. It is really, really impressive and encouraging.  And I'll just remind you, in the prepared remarks, I talked about $300 million of structural run rate savings that came through the acceleration program over the last couple of years. That's not really about saving money to save money. That's reallocating money into our digital and consumer data experience and again, building those platforms which have leverage. So that's how we can have significant investments in some of the, what I would argue, the points of difference that are really driving our business. And at the same time, having leverage in other parts of the SG&A structure allow us to continue to grow our operating margins over time. So that's kind of the flywheel or the secret sauce here, I think as you look at this transformed business model that unlocks future growth.
Scott Roe: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Todd maybe will build a little bit as you think about margins and AUR. But listen, in terms of the -- I think your question was around what we're seeing in freight on Coach and the impact on margins. Really not a big difference overall. The overall guidance I gave you, Michael, is not so different by brand in terms of how it's allocating. So as you try to think about the ongoing margin structure, there's nothing that I would call out that's particularly unique 1 brand to the other. We took these bold actions pretty much across the Board because a lot of the issues we were seeing were universal in our supply chain.  And again, I think you see the results in Q2, some of those actions that we've made. Remember my earlier comments, though, in terms -- we did the expedited freight and the air freight for a very specific reason. We saw Vietnam, which at the time was about 40% of our production was down, and we had a hole in our supply that we made up for through those expedited, I'll just say, airfreight actions. Again, to repeat, we now see the flow more normalized. That's largely in the rearview mirror. It will take a little while to work through the P&L because it attaches to the inventory. And as that inventory sells through, you'll start to see that, particularly in the third quarter. But on an ongoing basis, we do see elevated ocean rates, but a lot of this expedited freight is going to go back to more normal levels. And already that's happened. It just takes a while to go through the P&L. And we also have pricing action on an ongoing basis. I don't know, Todd, if you want to build on that, what you're seeing in the Coach brand.
Scott Roe: And Michael, let me just take your SG&A question real quick, too. I would say, listen, there's some timing quarter-by-quarter as we think about different marketing actions, top of the funnel actions. I would just point you to the big picture here, right? We have taken up our top and bottom line guidance for the year. We have maintained our gross margin and SG&A shaping, and we still intend to increase our operating margin for the full year. So is there some timing quarter-by-quarter? Yes. I think the bigger picture here is we had a strong quarter, and we've taken up our guidance and we still maintain the fundamental metrics that we talked about even despite a volatile backdrop, as I mentioned before. So I think that, from my standpoint, it's the big picture here.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. As most of you know, the Coach brand has been in China for over 20 years. We have deep, deep roots in the country. And in our recent brand perception study, 2 things were very noteworthy. One, the majority of the Coach customers in China have a positive economic outlook for the next 12 months. And that gives us a lot of energy around our clients and our customers there. Two, the Coach brand is a beloved brand that successfully compete with traditional European luxury brands. And we love that positioning. And we're going to continue to invest and grow in China. For example, last summer, we held a major fashion show in Shanghai showcasing our winter collection.  That showcase led to the sales of the Ski capsule that we showed and sold in our stores in the second quarter. We will return this summer with another winter show in China, continuing to build on the momentum and really focusing on both the emotional and functional needs of our Chinese clients. So again, both our mid- and long-term expectations and growth in China are very robust, and we're really excited about what the Coach brand is going to deliver under the Tapestry platform in that area.
Todd Kahn: Great. Thank you, Joanne. Oliver, you know Coach at its best balances logic and magic. And the Tapestry platform has enhanced the logic side, particularly with our digital center of excellence and our consumer insight work. On the magic side, over the last 2 years, we have created an environment where our creative team, led by Stuart Vevers can thrive. This combination has resulted in 11 quarters of increased handbag AUR in North America, a second quarter resulting in the highest revenue and profitability in 10 years, a sustainable top line approaching $5 billion in this fiscal year, substantially greater SKU productivity, over 1.5 million new customers transacting with the brand in North America just this last quarter, meaningful growth in men's ready-to-wear and footwear and all men's categories. Finally, our inclusive, authentic and fun storytelling in our marketing.  These are foundational changes for our brand. And what this allows us to do is to continue to push and get priced in our product. And when I've been asked over and over again in many quarters now about how much more room is there in AUR. I look at where the Coach brand sits today relative to traditional European luxury. And the white space between where we transact and where traditional European luxury transact is at the greatest delta in 20 years. That gives us a lot of confidence and a lot of room to grow our price positioning. So I'm very optimistic about our future.  I know Joanne will talk about sustainability. On the NFT, we dipped our toes in the water last quarter. We are going to look at it. I think I'd like selling physical real product, and our consumers like to touch and feel, but I do think that's an opportunity to explore as we really get closer, particularly to a younger consumer. So you'll see more of that over time. And then I'll kick it back to Joanne to talk about sustainability.
Todd Kahn: Sure, Scott. Thank you. As you've seen, our AUR have grown each and every quarter. And part of what allows us to do that is the focus on our iconic product and really elongating the families of product in our offering. And that has provided us the ability to discount less to raise prices. So I believe, over the next year, you'll continue to see us do more of that. You'll continue to see us absorb any inflation through pricing. Obviously, you can't do that in 1 quarter when you're hit with freight. And I think the reason Coach is in perhaps maybe a slightly better inventory position than our sister company is not that our merchants don't want the newest greatest product as well, it's just we've been on the journey a little longer on developing iconic product that allows us to stay in a slightly better inventory position. So I feel very good about our pricing power. I feel very good about our ability to absorb the input costs, and I would enjoy not airing goods in the future to the same level obviously.
Todd Kahn: And I could just add on the Coach side, the new customers we're seeing are -- we're seeing higher AURs from those new customers. And one of the things we've developed, which we're very proud of, and I think gives us a lot of runway in this area of retention is the Coach Insider program. We have seen that our insiders transact 20% more frequently as compared to nonmembers, and their baskets are higher. So we see that across both our retail and our value channel.  So we're excited about this. And what's really unique to the Coach Insider program, it's not a discount program. It's about early access. It's about being truly an insider, and that's what the customer is so engaged with. We've heard stories from our clients about their being featured on the insider program and how much joy and pleasure they get out of that. So you'll see us continue to develop these programs and the benefits of being a Coach Insider to again create that connectivity with our customer in a much deeper and profounder way than just transacting.
