Jide Zeitlin: Terrific. Good morning, Bob, and thank you for your question. Let me address it perhaps both through a rearview mirror perspective as well as one that’s forward looking. So as noted, 60 days end and my perspective I believe is balanced somewhere between realism and optimism. If we take a look backwards for just a moment, we did what we told you we would do, right? We delivered an inline quarter and the start to the year was as expected. We repurchased $300 million in stock and we're on track to return a total of $700 million to our shareholders this fiscal year inclusive clearly of our dividend. And this represents an increase of 40% year-on-year and underscores our commitment to return capital to our owners. And then lastly backward looking, we’ve maintained our outlook for fiscal year '20 even in the face of internal and external headwinds such as Hong Kong. That said, looking forward, we need to sharpen our focus on execution. And as such, we're asking a lot of hard questions here internally. First principles for us are to focus on driving organic growth and you heard me say a number times in my prepared comments and you heard Joanne also reiterated, we are very focused on being consumer centric. And what we mean by that? We really mean that we need to ensure that our core consumer is at the heart of everything we do from product to marketing to store design. And this is a key element of the work that we’ve launched here in recent weeks. We need to make sure that we're really in a position to how relevant brand stories that really connect our consumers with the values of our brands. The second, real area of focus is on as you drive growth, how do you really ensure that you’ve got operating leverage in the business. So how was it that we can become more agile, more efficient and really do believe that there is an opportunity to better leverage the data and technology to increase our speed to market. We also need to be more efficient frankly in productive across many different areas from market strategies, in terms of concept to market strategies, in terms of product assortment, in terms of our stores and also the ways that we work. And I think if we’re able to do this, it will allow us to ultimately unlock resources and -- that we can distort in terms of investing more in brand building, at the same time is returning capital to our shareholders. More specifically to your -- to the part of your question on our multi-brand strategy, one of the things that clearly we're very focused on how to unlock even further benefits of our multi-brand model. And I very much believe that our brands are stronger together as a result of our shared platform. This said, let's acknowledge that Tapestry is a relatively young multi-brand company and we're doing a lot of work to better define that balance between corporate and brand functions, and do so in a way that’s appropriate to our brands and to our culture. So the diagnostic work has just begun, but it's one that we’re moving forward with quite rapidly and we want to include it relatively soon, so that we're in a position to address both near-term and long-term opportunities. We are clear that we face a number of challenges and we're clear about those challenges. At the same time, frankly, we're confident that these challenges are fixable and the [technical difficulty] that the solutions are largely within our control. So as we go forward, we are committed to being transparent in our communications and we will openly acknowledge where we see issues and at the same time we are going to move very swiftly to apply the learnings from the work we’ve done in the learnings from just the deep experience in this organization. Thank you, Bob.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely, Bob, and hopefully nothing, if not consistent on that front in terms of being very focused on our product architecture, in terms of broadening that, being very focused on our merchandising. So introducing more color, for example, in outlet really working to find that right balance between sophistication and faithful witty elements in our product and in our marketing and in our store environment that are consistent with the brand. So it's a lot of -- kind of a very fundamental steps in terms just broadening the reach of the brand and of the product and of the business.
Jide Zeitlin: Yes, understood. So a couple of things. First of all, we are calling for sequential improvement as the year unfolds and particularly in the second half of the year. Footwear will be additive to the business as we brought in that license in the second half of the year. And in terms of calling specifically a positive comp or calling margin enhancement, that’s not something that I’m prepared to do at this moment.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. So let me just make an overall comments about Kate, because questions come up a number of times. And we talk a lot about and you’ve heard us and both Joanne and me talk in our opening comments and Josh in his last response about kind of brand equities and connecting consumers emotionally with these values. And as you know that’s a process that is part science and part are -- but it's also a 100% experience and its one where -- when you look at a premium fashion brand you do not turn it on the dine. And so you go back 6 or 7 years when we had overextended the Coach brand, the process of rebuilding the health of that critical brand did not happen overnight. And I still personally remember how there was a period of time after we taken some dramatic steps to reconnect the brand with its core consumer when we did not immediately see green shoots. So we had to at that time have confidence in the relevance of our brand values and in the experience of brand building. And in many ways, Oliver, this is where we are met today with Kate Spade, right? Since acquiring the brand we’ve changed both the creative and commercial leadership of the brand. We understand what the process is for building brand health and growing the business. And we also as part of that, we understand that it's not a straight line, but it's one that we believe will -- we will get right. It's just -- it's part of our DNA. And I got -- we really believe we're not telling ourselves stories, we are not telling you stories, when we look at the core pillars of this brand and we see a lot of white space, a lot of alignment with the values, the desires of a large group of consumers globally. So the brand work we’ve done and more recently done with the help of some outside consultants, since I became CEO has only confirmed and deepened our internal analysis in terms of just the size of potential market that really has a alignment with the Kate Spade brand pillars. So, as I said earlier we are -- when working with premium fashion brands, positioning yourself for sustained growth has not happened in a straight line. It's a process that we know well and it's a process that we're confident that we will get right. There are a number of near-term tactical steps that we're taking including adding more novelty to the product line, broadening the assortment in specially, particularly around satchels, more innovation in outlet. But all of those are steps or durations along the way towards a process that we've went through before and that we’re confident that we will ultimately get right.
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. This is Joanne, Paul. I will jump on that. The gross margin it makes sense I think that this aggregate by brand and talk about what happened in Q1. In the Coach brand, the gross margin performance was primarily driven by FX, so they decrease in gross margin. Promo activity was up a little bit, but much less than what we saw in Q4. In Kate Spade, the gross margin performance was fairly stable year-over-year and far or less promotional than we had been in Q4. We were very focused on carefully balancing promotional activity and brand health in the Kate Spade brand and that continues to be a focus as we move forward. And with Stuart Weitzman, we saw a significant increase in gross margin primarily due to channel mix with the increase in direct business through the impact of the distributor buybacks that we've invested in a new store openings that we’ve seen there. So that was the story for the first quarter. As we look to gross margin for the year, the modest decline in gross margin -- really, the mix at Hong Kong impacting Coach, in Kate Spade along with I should say, along with FX pressures in the Coach brand. In Kate Spade we continue to see pressures as we right size inventory. So there will be some promotional pressures related to tariffs as I mentioned before. And related to bringing footwear in-house, which again as -- from the change from being a licensed business to bringing in-house weighs [ph] a little bit on our gross margins there. So those are the primary contributors to the gross margin outlook for the year.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you, Omar. A couple of comments there. First, in terms of broadly some of the benefits of the multi-brand and then we will talk to more specifically to digitally, but as you likely heard us talk about before, first, it's just a diversified earnings stream reduces the pressure on -- not to be overly reliant on any one brand. Two, stronger -- we are stronger when dealing with landlords whether buy marketing, advertising and as well as creating a more robust platform for top tier talent to want to be on and so that is -- those are some of the benefits. As you’ve heard us talk about in earlier calls, we’ve also talked extensively about our data labs capability that we've built now over time that allows us to both take a very deep database and leverage the insights from that database everywhere from marketing to a promotional cadence to really thinking through our brand alignment in terms of product as well as store environment. Our new Chief Digital Officer, Noam, has really brought a lot of capacity to bear in terms of thinking through an enterprise plan that allows us to drive kind of efficiency across the platform. So we're actually one of the key aspects of the work we’re doing right now in terms of diagnostic work is very focused on how to better leverage our digital capability and that’s literally everything from thinking about strategic partners with people such -- with entity such as Tmall and how do we deepen that to thinking about other ways so in an omni-channel world, meeting our customer where she or he most looks to engage with the product. And there's some -- I think one of the benefits of this combination that we've talked about of experience management with new leaders coming in, is there have been certain aspects of digital that have perhaps been a little bit more out of -- ones that the organization was less willing to engage with that we're very much open to thinking about how whether or not it makes sense for us to engage with until leverage is part of driving the top line growth of this business.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So why don’t I start and then Josh, you may want to jump in. First, its early days in the quarter and our guidance that we’ve given in terms of full-year guidance is predicated on our current view in terms of outlook for the quarter end and beyond. So I wouldn’t say a lot more than that. But one comment I will make in terms of just Coach and the opportunity there, I very much believe and a lot of the initial work that we’re doing is that there is actually substantial opportunity over the intermediate to long-term to actually to drive organic growth there to even more closely align the core brand values with where we believe consumers are today and where consumers are going. So if anything -- some of the early days of the work that we're doing would suggest that there is greater growth opportunity there as opposed to what I think was implicit in your question in terms of the opposite of that.
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. I will say this, we don’t anticipate any significant shifts in our marketing spend as we go forward. And although we are one of the conversations that we’ve had a lot of discussion on internally is the mix of performance versus brand building. And if you take a look at last year second quarter, we didn't spend effectively anything on marketing. This year we will spend on marketing.
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. Thank you and in many ways both questions are I think -- asking the same question in two different ways. But the work that we’re doing is really intended to make sure, first part of it is to really make sure we get underneath the brand equity and that we have real clarity as to a distinct consumer basis for each of the brands. And the work we’ve done so far built on top of internal work that’s been done, does underscore that they’re distinct consumer basis. And as such, we think as we execute against those consumer basis that you will see even probably greater distinction between the positioning of the products and the brands between each of the brands. That said, inherent in that is a view that the Kate Spade brand, I’m sorry to repeat myself, but the Kate Spade brand does speak very clearly to a substantial core consumer, somebody who was looking for action, who is looking for fun, who is looking for a feminine product. And we think that there is a reasonable amount of white space around that positioning that creates real opportunity for that brand. So we're optimistic, but also mindful of the real work ahead of us to more fully achieve that potential.
Jide Zeitlin: Right. So why don’t we -- I mean the big headwind that we’ve talked about is traffic here domestically and largely driven by a fall off in tourism. But why don’t we perhaps start with Coach and then we can talk as appropriate about the other brands.
Jide Zeitlin: And just very briefly in terms of Kate Spade, the traffic trends are consistent there. So nothing really different to say there. And on Stuart Weitzman, the challenges, the historical one coming out of our supply chain challenges, which had an impact on our order book with -- at wholesale, which were very, very much focused on addressing. So thank you for the question.
Jide Zeitlin: Terrific. Thank you, Andrea. I want to just take a moment to thank our shareholders. We are mindful that it is your capital that enables us to come to work every day, seeking to connect consumers emotionally with our powerful brands. We take our responsibility as stewards of your capital very seriously. To my fellow employees, thank you for everything you do for our customers and thank you for your contributions to the culture of this house of remarkable brands. I’m grateful for the opportunity to work with each of you. Thank you.
Josh Schulman: Yes, I will take that one. Good morning, Erinn. As we said, the North America market was flat quarter this quarter and given the tough trends in both retail and outlet mall traffic, we were pleased with our ability to outperform the mall traffic in both of those relative sectors. And we did that through a variety of methods. You can see the -- there was an acceleration in our strategy around collaborations and we saw that when we do those, those tend to drive big inflection in traffic, particularly in the outlet malls. So we thought that with Disney in July, we had a graffiti artist capsule in August and so we’ve been getting better at executing those and we see the traffic cost in outlet. Jide also mentioned something on the horizon. Our big Star Wars collaboration which will be hitting in advance of Black Friday this year. So that’s something to look forward to on that front. Your question about tourism, tourism has been tough for all of fiscal '19 and that trend continued into Q1. So the traction that we've seen in North America retail and outlet has been primarily through the domestic customer.
Josh Schulman: You know it's been very consistent. The data that we see about the consumer is that the consumer is in a good place. However, the traffic has been challenging consistently through fiscal '19 and into Q1 and whether that’s retail malls or the outlet malls, the traffic has been tough. And so that really speaks to the execution of the teams in-house there driving excitement, so that we get an outsize share of the traffic that is coming to the mall and increasingly the customer shopping in an omni-channel ecosystem and engaging with us online where we’re seeing very robust growth. And when we talked about the digital growth and international growth outpacing a lot of that digital growth that’s happening in North America obviously.
Josh Schulman: Good morning. We continue to be confident in our ability to drive low single-digit comp for the remainder of the year. in each quarter. And we understand that there will be puts and takes given some of the macro trends, but we are confident in our guidance.
Josh Schulman: Just building on what Jide mentioned, I think a great example of this is our work with Tmall. As we’ve mentioned, we’ve recently launched Coach on Tmall with a soft launch in September and we’ve seen terrific results with 90% of the customers being new customers to the brand, and with known partnership we're going to be able to more quickly leverage those learnings across not just Coach, but the other brand. So there's a lot of work here on how we can leverage insights from each other's digital activities for the greater good.
Josh Schulman: So I will comment actually on both aspects of the question. Just a few things to watch out for in the upcoming holiday season. With Coach, I mentioned the Star Wars collaboration in outlet. And we are also super excited about Coach's appearance as the first fashion luxury brand in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. And all of us will be watching on Thanksgiving morning as our mascot Rexy, flows to down Broadway. I think that’s an example of the power of Coach. Coach is a powerful brand that has always astute for inclusivity and how we can even more fully own that in a culturally relevant way. We are pleased with Coach and that the base we start with is a well-run machine with a 27% operating margin today. And as we think about product opportunities for us, our strategy is really focused on innovation in our core. We’ve talked about the need to innovate in the good, better and best price bucket. This quarter we specifically called out our handbag AUR in the outlet channel. We know a lot of you’ve been on the journey with us here, particularly in North America and we're so pleased with the progress that our teams are making on introducing new differentiated product, but also leveraging some of the insights from our data labs. In terms of finessing their promotional strategies to drive a better AUR. So innovation in core is key, because leather goods are today and will always be the core of Coach. Secondly, collaboration and co-creation. Whether that is a big traffic driving collaboration that we've done. We’ve mentioned Star Wars, which is coming up in the future. We’ve mentioned Disney, which drive a lot of traffic and sales, or Jide mentioned in his prepared remarks, a collaboration with Michael B. Jordan and Naruto, much smaller in scale actually driving scarcity and brand heat, both of those are super important. And then, the third category of our focus here in product are acceleration categories. And as we’ve said that there are opportunities for us in footwear, in men's and to a lesser extent EEE in ready-to-wear, all of which are important focus is for us and you will be hearing more about our important footwear launch of the City Sole family, which we will launch in spring. City Sole is a new sneaker and a hybrid category, to be clear.
Josh Schulman: Yes. I think we touched on it earlier. We are --overall, we're geographically agnostic in terms of where we are recognizing the revenue. So traffic -- tourist traffic trends ebb and flow over time, but clearly they have impacted North America now for a ongoing period. And that really just forces us to be sharper on our focus for the domestic customer and how do we get better serving the domestic customer. I think historically we may have had stores that were more tourist centric and those ones are being challenged to the most. But even in those locations, how do we focus most on the domestic customer, and what we find is that per shopping habits are changing. So when it's a domestic customer, she is more often to start her shopping during the online and want to continue that in the store channel, so how do we become more symbiotic between those channels in catering to the evolving needs of the domestic customer, really is one of our biggest focuses.
