Michael Tucci: Sure, good morning, Bob. We had strong performance across-the-board from a comp standpoint. When I look at the business by channel, the Full Price channel performed very well, balanced throughout the quarter, a really strong online quarter, which was very nice for us. We continue to see that channel grow from an interaction standpoint, as well as being able to drive revenue there. So that was very pleasing to us, and that did provide some upside. On the factory side, the quarter was extremely strong. And we felt like from a positioning standpoint, while we were able to drive the value in terms of our proposition, we did see some upside there based on ownership of product, the very strong handbag assortment, which drove sales as we went right into peak through Christmas and the week after. So I would say across-the-board, we had strength. We are pleased with the pricing power in handbags, which drove comp in both Full Price and factory. And we had a very strong accessories quarter and it feels like the cycle, from an accessories standpoint, was a driver of comp within the quarter as well.
Michael Tucci: On the Retail side and Full Price, there's absolutely a focus on finding pricing opportunity within handbags in particular using Q2 as a foundation where we took handbag average unit retails to $2.95. Again, we're targeting that $300 sweet spot, that was about a 9% improvement. We will continue to focus on that area in the back half, and there are a couple of things going our way. One is a shift towards leather, which helps us from a pricing standpoint on the retail side, so we do see an opportunity to impact average unit retail in the second half, on the Full Price side of the business that will carry through to factory. And I really want to be clear on the factory side. We do have pricing power. We were aggressive in the quarter. However, we were able to protect margins from a gross margin standpoint in factory and we drove tremendous operating margins. That effort positions us very well on the back half to continue to focus on unit retail gains and the factory channel productivity gains in the factory channel and drive operating margin.
Michael Tucci: It was actually neither one. It was not deeper promos or discount rate, and factory was virtually the same. Our margin rate in factory was actually a touch higher. It's purely a function of volume. When we put that volume increase into the quarter, it moves a bigger percentage of our overall pie into the factory channel, which has an impact on gross margin, also has a very positive impact on operating income. Hence, you see the EPS impact that we were able to deliver. So that's the story on channel mix there.
Michael Tucci: Sure. There is absolute opportunity by price bucket in Full Price. We had a very good quarter. Average with handbag over $400, and that's just the benchmark, penetrations were double-digit, north of 10%, which is very good. We will focus on that opportunity, particularly given the fashion cycle that we're in around manipulated leathers, gathered leathers, treated leathers, some of the burnishing that we're doing on bags. So that offers us a pricing opportunity on the Full Price side as we move forward as we develop our assortments into spring and next fall. On the factory side, our product mix in factory was very much driven by made-for-factory product. Again, I think we were north of 80% in made-for-factory. In fact, it was 89% for the quarter, probably an all-time high, very little clearance, very little Full Price delete activity in the quarter in the factory channel, and that trend will continue. One of the things that we did this quarter, which helped us on the factory side, is that we corrected a flow imbalance that we had last year where we were chasing inventory in factory and doing a lot of pull-forward on spring goods to sell in the holiday quarter. We corrected that this year, and we are able to maximize the quarter with products that was actually planned within the quarter, and that also positions us very well as we entered into January.
Michael Tucci: Sure, Okay. The Men's stores actually are being targeted smaller, probably less than 1,000 square feet of selling space, about 1,500 square feet overall. You can assume that productivity on those stores will be extremely high given our sales thresholds, so it's a very intimate environment. On the factory side, store size will be about 2,500 square feet. We're still working the model. We're also trying something or we're exploring something on the Full Price side where we'll have a dual-gender stores side by side with a separate Men's environment and Women's environment, and that may give us some productivity opportunity. So we actually see this from a margin standpoint in terms of store contribution, as well as gross margins, these stores are very attractive.
Michael Tucci: I think as we get more time with each major collection, we're constantly moving and refining it. What's happening within Poppy, specifically, is that we're trying to capture the opportunity around trend in some novelty applications and leathers and mix materials. And that actually will have a positive impact on pricing within Poppy, which really flows through the balance of our collections as well.
Michael Tucci: No, our $300 target, and again, it's a benchmark. It's really where we built the assortment strategy going back almost two years now. What's happening as we anniversary that strategy and we continue to fine-tune the assortment and the cycles evolves, we will constantly look at ways to impact that from a growth and productivity standpoint, price being one of them.
Michael Devine: Bob, let me jump in on inventory levels. We've never answered inventory levels with that degree of specificity, but let me just say a couple of things about it. Our inventory investments are nicely aligned with our growth opportunities, and I think so that would spend a number of our initiatives. I would firstly say that our investment in factory inventories allowed us to capture the outperform during the holiday quarter that Mike just spoke to, that we wouldn't have been able to get to this time last year or so that investment was well placed. Also, investment in our Men's initiative is a part of the inventory driver. And then lastly, feeding inventory into the Asia region through the ABC is also a subset of where the inventory growth came from. But the thought I want to leave with in addition to enabling the growth is that our inventories are exceptionally clean and current and really position us well now that maximize sales as we move into the spring quarter, I'm sorry, the spring half of the year.
Michael Devine: Yes, Brian, I'll jump in on that one. We're very excited about it. We already are achieving four-wall store operating margins in China that begin with the four. And so as we gained same-store sales, those four walls will only drive higher. And as we grow the top line, open additional stores, realize same-store sales year-over-year, will more than cover the infrastructure investment that we have on the ground there today. And so we will have a positive as we talked about, of course, one of our highest gross margin channels that it will also help gross margin from a channel mix perspective, but ultimately be a strong driver of operating income as we grow the top line and leverage the infrastructure there with these exceptionally strong four-wall operating margins from of the China stores.
Michael Devine: Omar, I'll take that one as well. I was really pleased with that flow-through during Q2 and we really leverage the top line growth. If you go back actually as I did in preparation for this call and looked at the Q1 transcript, I actually called out that I didn't see us having SG&A leverage in the December quarter. And the reason there is, if you look across the four quarters of the year, you'll see that Q2 last year was in the mid-30s where at the balance of the quarter for the year are in the 43%, 44% range in terms of SG&A as a percentage of sales. Point being that we already have so much leverage in this holiday quarter because of the top line growth. So the fact that we outperformed in our North American business, that Japan did as well as it did with a tough market backdrop, really allowed those mature businesses to pull our leverage to the P&L that help us offset our investment spending in Europe, in other parts of Asia, in the new RK brand, et cetera. So I was very pleased that the flow-through was as strong as it was in Q2, and that really bodes well, for the flow-through coming our way in the back half of the year.
Michael Devine: Sure, Dana, in terms of moving production out of China, we have a lot of opportunities available to us. We actually have implemented or started, effective January 1, under Jerry Stritzke's leadership enact a four-year plan and measure progress and look to drive that growth by measuring and revisiting it frequently. Our big opportunities, firstly, will be to move factory store production out of China and into these new markets. And we're also going to target small leather goods, which as you can imagine are more labor-intense than bigger bags. And we had a lot of success there in India already, and we'll continue to build on that success. And we believe we can get to somewhere in the neighborhood of 40% to 50% of unit production sourced out outside of China by the end of our four-year plan. So it's an important meaningful initiative that we're putting a lot of energy against.
Lew Frankfort: So I'll take the cost part of the gross margin equation, and then I'll ask Mike to speak to the pricing power. But Kimberly, we really are where we've been for about a year now in terms of talking about our gross margin rates. We did have called out inflationary pressures would have a dampening impact on our gross margin rates in the back half of our FY '11, and so that is still going to hold. The way we wanted to ask everyone to think about it, however, is also the guidance that we've given previously, the gross margin rates coming in for the year in the 72% to 73% range are still valid. That guidance that we give a couple of quarters ago, we still feel very good about. And of course, we could go on and list. In addition to the inflationary pressures, all the positive things that we're doing to move gross margin and help to offset those pressures, things like counter-sourcing materials, looking to migrate a substantial amount of our production into lower-cost countries out of China into countries like Vietnam and India as an example. And ultimately with the top line growth in the Asian region, most notably China. We'll start to get some help from channel mix as well. So there are a number of positives going on in the gross margin line that will help mitigate on the inflationary pressures.
Lew Frankfort: The question focuses on Men's, Mike, what type of size of store we're contemplating, what kind of productivity are we achieving or anticipating relative to our Women's stores.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. What we're finding is that she wants to participate in the accessory category as she does in other modern fashion areas. And she's looking for authenticity, quality, value. She's discerning. She's thoughtful. We see her as embracing Coach. The purchase reintent is approaching 90%, which is remarkable, a level we have not seen in any other market, at any other state, at any early stage of our business. And we have the emerging Chinese middle-class consumer growing at a 30% rate. And she sees Coach as an expression of authentic New York fashion. She likes the spirit. She likes our heritage, and she sees us as offering exceptional value, and she's willing to pay two to three weeks of her annual income to purchase a Coach bag.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, our business was even with last year, which is running about 10% ahead of the category during the corresponding period. We were very pleased with our results. We were able to maintain very strong profitability in that business. Ramp up, Men's, which offers a future opportunity. And I believe our share today is in the neighborhood of about 17% or 18%. We believe this opportunity starts to gain additional share in the years ahead because the Japanese consumer is extremely value-oriented. In terms of the future of the category, unfortunately, the category has been on a 10-year decline. And while we expect it to slow in the rate of decline, we're not optimistic considering the aging of the Japanese population and the absolute decline in population that the category will resume growth. So our focus is to be efficient, develop our Men's business, leverage our team in Japan to assist us in growing our Southeast Asian region, and we're doing all of those things.
Lew Frankfort: In terms of gross margin impact, obviously, labor costs are increasing in a variety of markets and so does a whole set of assumptions that we've made that we believe this migration in four years will benefit us by at least 150 basis points from what it would have been had we remained in China.
Lew Frankfort: We've had a lot of attention on individual metrics, and I think that's appropriate, and it's probably also appropriate for me to bring us back to our overall performance. Not only were we pleased with the exceptional top line growth but we were also equally pleased with the exceptional bottom line growth. And importantly, I think you need to appreciate that our organic strength has not been as strong as it had been for several years, and we are leaving this recession with all guns blazing and feeling very confident that we will continue to be able to drive top line, double-digit sales growth and double-digit earnings growth, and we're committed to that. The individual metrics will move around a bit. We measure ourselves primarily via on operating income and return to shareholders, EPS. And we will manage our balance sheet tightly.  I just want to also comment very briefly on inventory. About 2/3 of the inventory growth that we have year-over-year is to actually support new locations in terms of model stocks, as well as a new Asia distribution center. So it's only about our inventory like-for-like is up about, we believe -- our estimate about 15%. So thank you, and have a good day, everybody.
