Michael Tucci: The short answer is no. The trends were very consistent both bricks and mortar channels were impacted by lower traffic. And we did not promote our way to positive comp, which obviously we had the marketing levers to do, but wanted to protect the brand composition.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Well, first of course, we recognize that we battle through a tough holiday season. We were pushing the business, but we did limit some of our activities. Our approach this spring is really around very fresh inventory going into the spring season, a focus on women’s handbags and accessories as an opportunity to strengthen. And within that leveraging underlying strength in the leather category and trying to offset the weakness that we are seeing in non-leather mixed materials and logo through further innovation, more fresh delivery there. And frankly, rebalancing our inventory to push more emphasis on leather where we see growth. Another opportunity to improve comp performance is clearly taking advantage of the digital space and the men’s opportunity, which continue to be very, very strong for us. An area that we are studying and we will take a little bit more time to understand is the impact of anniversarying the no math strategy, in fact we have literally started today last year. So as we get deeper into the spring season, I think we have some opportunity to be creative there, to focus on merchandize opportunities within the factory channel against that backdrop. And then finally, from a product standpoint, really focusing on shoes as a growth lever as a frequency opportunity, as an opportunity we will engage with the consumer in an extremely important category, where we’ve invested significantly in product innovation, presentation, I mean in-store effort to improve that business.
Michael Tucci: Why don’t I take the second piece and then I’ll let Lew speak to the longer-term context of the business. This leather and mix issue that we’re seeing in the business, I do think that the leather opportunity for us is very significant and one that we have to be more aggressive with, both from a pricing and innovation standpoint, there is a strong reception there. One interesting fact, on the wholesale side, we saw a very nice season at bloomingdales and it was driven by leather. There is not a signature comparing in that specific account. So the benefit there was much more significant to us. We need to build on that. I do think that some of the competitive and pricing promotional activity that we saw in the quarter, particularly in December was a heavy emphasis on promotional goods, logo goods in the marketplace. We did not take prices down there. We weren’t pristine but we did not cut price points there in the full price channel on our signature business. So we need to rebase that business, we need to move forward and I do think that, there is clearly a macro trend, particularly globally, towards leather and away from the traditional logo business.
Michael Tucci: The promotional activity, I think built throughout the quarter and frankly the surprise for us was the level of promotional activity that we saw within department stores in the month of December in the category, I think the category was very strong. And it became aggressive from a pricing standpoint within the December period.Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird: That’s helpful. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Michael Tucci: Sure, I’ll speak to it from a retail standpoint across digital and our retail stores. We actually have carved back the footwear business significantly in the last several quarters, in preparation for relaunching footwear this spring. In addition, we built the design team there. We built the production capability there. And the big movement there is to really move away from a more casual sneaker oriented price driven business to a more complete offer of footwear across end-use wearing occasion price points. Now, I want to be very clear here, the full expression of footwear, we will do in a select number of stores in a very pointed way, and we will learn and go-to-school the best proxy I can give you for this. This is the way we approach our Men’s business, where we got very deep into it in a very concentrated way impactful and built it out from there. There is a broader opportunity in footwear in more stores, which you’ll see this spring. But we believe that moving the needle in footwear will require a more significant investment in store presentation, inventory marketing, and really working to re-space the business in our stores in terms of providing a better shopping and service environment. That will take more time. That’s more of a long-term play.
Michael Tucci: Hey, Dana.Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Hi. I wanted to ask a little bit more about, as you see inventory levels both on the full price channel and the half price channel. Where do you see them as you look forward to the second half of the year? How do you see those evolving? And also as you look at the international business, are you experiencing the same product trends overseas as what you’re seeing here with logo and also with leather? Thank you.
Michael Tucci: Sure. The piece that I’d like to speak to on, specifically on handbag positioning from a pricing standpoint, our stated $300 sweet spot I think is remain the opportunities to nuance that by store type and push harder across our most premium location, which by the way performed significantly better than primary locations in the quarter and we continue to see that trend as an opportunity going forward. Pushing higher price points into the most premium locations, while balancing that with compelling innovation at opening price points, particularly in primary locations we’re 350 store business and in many of our department store doors where there is more of a price compelling proposition to be made for us to maintain and grow share. So that’s the piece on handbags. And on shoes, we haven’t placed specific target on shoes as a percent to total. What we are looking at there initially is diversifying the assortment, building a tiered assortment there and using shoes as an incremental productivity opportunity, building ticket, building frequency and improving productivity in stores and across our digital platform as well.
Lew Frankfort: The promotional activities were consistent with our last year in factory. What impacted us was overall more traffic, which was down during the month of December in particular.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to operating margins, we are not concerned that they will place any stress on them. First, we are in the footwear and lifestyle category today; second, we will continue to be anchored in the accessories; third, many other factors impact our gross margin including channel mix and geography, and we are confident that we can maintain our operating margins as we broaden our expression.
Lew Frankfort: Good morningAlvin Cooperman – Wells Fargo & Company: I like to ask more about the footwear opportunity (inaudible) near-term. Like you said, you have been already in the footwear business. So can you give a little bit more color, is it may be how many more SKUs or more space in this stores and when do you think some of this investment can begin to move the needle? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort: The only thing I would like to add Mike is that, we see footwear as a real traffic driver. It’s a very frequent purchase, it’s emotional. And as we present on the worlds of footwear in our marketing, in our windows, and all consumer facing environments, women will be surprised and we believe very pleased with the cheers and more, what Mike said, original assortment that reinforces not only our heritage, but also which builds on our heritage (inaudible) to today’s fashion and usage.
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that we have a very loyal and committed franchise. I said earlier that our franchise is very broaden and diverse. And obviously with 30% market share in the Untied States, we reach virtually every one of our targeted consumers and the way in which consumers see us is as a loved and trusted brand, they believe in the authenticity of Coach, the quality, the function, the durability of our products. And as I said earlier, as a product driven brand, the equities of our brand has really evolved from our product. And by migrating to a lifestyle brand, we are looking to build on these equities to create a greater emotional context for this consumer to see the entire Coach women. And the Coach women is intelligent, self assured, she is looking for style and function, and she is not looking for product to overwhelm her, but to complement her lifestyle. And we are going to reflect that on the head to toe expressions, which already exists in our key flagship stores. We’re looking to just express it more fully.
Lew Frankfort: I think the only think I would add here Jane is that our stores are profitable from day one. But second, I would like to just emphasize the point that you’ve made around rap and they are not open for a full year. And third, most of the stores that we’re opening are in secondary markets, not all of course but many and we have a lower cost structure and that’s what makes them extremely profitable.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First the category growth was 10% more or less. This is the first time that we have not held or grown faster than the category. As I said earlier, we have about a 30% market share. In other areas, we have obviously have grown and here we are talking North America women’s. We are confident that the strategies that we have articulated or strategies that can enable us to resume growth and maintain if not grow our category share in the years ahead.
Lew Frankfort: The only category that we track in a, let’s call it in a rigorous way is other than Women’s is Men’s accessories. And here in America, we have about a 17% market share, and that category has grown by about 25%.
Lew Frankfort: Absolutely. The average handbag is about 20% higher than the average bag. And as you know, legacy has a very substantial number of key outerwear items, which outperforms extremely well.
Lew Frankfort: First, I just want you also know that we are extremely focused and single minded and confident in our ability to address the near term challenges in North America. At the same time, we will be continuing to leverage the global opportunity as we evolve the Coach brand, so as I said before and years behind, stay tuned. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Kimberley just to answer your question, one on the factory stores, in the second quarter our factory store gross margin was flat to prior year. So we held our gross margin in our factory store. Overall, Sandy was about a point of comp in North America in the second quarter. As we look at initiatives over the second half, we feel well positioned for spring, we are overlapping our no math in our factory channel in the coming quarters, and Mike also have some comments on comp.
Jane Nielsen: Dana, over time we expect our inventory levels roughly to track with sales. There are some, you know our acquisitions will take that level up as we build for [newness] and we’ll have a little more inventory on hand. But overall, our inventories are in great position and they generally track with sales.Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Dana, the guidance that we’ve given for the year really encompasses the start of this journey on our transformation as we look at the opportunities both the sales impact and the profitability impact. We’ll assess the investment levels as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Antoine, given the current market and variability, we are not giving specific quarterly guidance. We are comfortable with our guidance for the half of about even with prior year. We do see that the new square footage comes on not at full productivity as we build it out, but we do see that our new stores are coming online and are continuing strong, but overall we see some of the back half stores coming later online.
Jane Nielsen: You missed Jennifer.Jennifer Davis – Lazard Capital Markets: I know, well here is Michael, no more clarifications. My question is, could you remind us of your penetration of accessories and kind of non-handbag categories versus handbag? What that mix is today and then where you see it going? Thanks a lot.
Jane Nielsen: Why don’t I take the first two clarifications and then I’ll have my comment on malls and penetration. So our share repurchase program, we view share repurchases as a, and our dividend program combined the way of returning capital to shareholders. Our first priority is to invest in our business. As to we’ve done that, we look at the residual of our cash and look to return that to our shareholders. We balance our working capital needs, our expected CapEx, and then repurchase shares opportunistically based on the capital flows and needs of our business overall. Just on the acquisitions, when we acquire a business, there are several impacts. We acquire distributor business. Remember, the sales that we guess, we already have the wholesales sales. So we get about the markup between wholesale and retail. So we get that that bump on the sales line, but it’s not a 100% of sales. But we take on 100% of the SG&A of the acquired market. That SG&A impact is with us for the whole first 12 months of the acquisition and ongoing, but once we’re out of the first-year overlapped become much less dramatic. And as we acquire a distributor, we have to markup the inventory that we acquire. It takes us about two quarters to be out of that higher priced inventory that’s marked up to roughly wholesale, our wholesale prices. [To talk you] about the first two quarters following an acquisition, the gross margin impact subsides.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you everybody for joining us today as the market now is open and its our prior practice to conclude the call, I will just turn it over to Lew for a couple of sentences closure and I look forward to speaking to you over the next couple of days.
