Victor Luis: Thank you, Joanne and before turning it over to Andrea, I’d like to recognize it for our hard work and energy over the last several months, that she has held the position of Interim CFO. Andrea, wear many hats within our organization. She is a mentor to many, and a key business partner to me and our leadership team, with an unparalleled understanding of our Company and its history. On behalf of our entire leadership team, thank you Andrea for year end less energy and leading the finance team in this period. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Andrea for a discussion of our financial results, as well as our outlook for fiscal year ‘20.
Victor Luis: Yes. And I think I would just close to wrap up on those points there. Please if you haven’t had the opportunity, do take a couple of visits to a couple of key outlet stores in your region, and walk the competitive set compared with Coach’s execution and you’ll – I think very easily understand a lot of the great work that Josh has just explained, impacting across all channels at once. And we’re on that journey with Kate and I’m very confident in that team’s ability with Anna and Nicola and very talented folks, they have supporting them to execute accordingly.
Victor Luis: Sure. Thanks. In terms of the openings really our focus is on productivity, I mean you were planning above 40 locations for the year, we’re still planning between 30 and 40, we’re just being much more selective. And with the continued focus on Asia and especially in China where we are seeing the opportunity of course to leverage those investments as part of our greater program to build brand awareness there, which clearly remains the number one single growth opportunity for that brand and for us from an awareness perspective. In terms of Kate and through the year and comps, first and foremost, I think we gave guidance that we’re expecting low-to-mid single digit sales growth, driven by distribution. At this point I won’t be making a call on the exact timing of positive comps, particularly given the dependence of Kate Spade, what is the challenge North America environments of course we expect clear improvement throughout the year as significant newness hits, and of course as we enter a period of easier compares once we get into Q2, Q3 and Q4. But at this point, I would say that you should expect that our confidence in the mid-to-single digit total growth driven by distribution.
Victor Luis: Sure, very clear opportunity, Alex, for us. We’ve taken, basically the last, I would say, two to three years to establish a very solid product developments, production capacity in footwear in Asia, incredibly pleased to have with us Tom Glaser who comes of course from a very deep experience in that space, supporting our teams as we look to truly get best-in-class in all of these categories, so he will provide key leadership and we have a team at Kate that has experience in doing this. And I can tell you we’ve just shown the first Kate collection at Fanny as well of course of Coach and Stuart Weitzman, just basically wrapping up a week of markets here in New York across all three brands. And what I can share with you is that in all three brands the reaction has been superb. Kate it’s first collection, if I compare to Coach’s first collection three years ago, they’ve really taken a leap forward, whether it’s from a design perspective, silhouette style perspective, excuse me the usage occasion and in terms of product development, leveraging pricing and developing and the development capacity that we established with Coach, over the last three years. I go into the Kate first season with a lot more confidence than we entered Coach three years ago. I would also add that this season in Fanny, Josh and the Coach team have taken a very substantial lead role. We’ve been operating now for a few months, Josh and his team have with some new third-party development capabilities, especially in the core sneaker business, which as many of you know, is driving a huge trend in footwear, we just showed a new collection, which has been incredibly well received at wholesale and by our own teams, so fully excited by that. And for those of you who follow on Instagram and maybe have Stuart Weitzman on your feed, you’ll see the new sneaker collection that they’ve just launched a Daryl, which is really new to them. Given that they were at sandal and food resource, and very excited of course, as we enter fall-winter given that they are such a strong group resource, but it’s truly a good reflection of the Eraldo and that teams move to also diversify and bring new usage occasions to the brand. So this is a great platform, I think, was really coming into our own and I speak with a good level of confidence on that, look in the first year financially, there is a small investment that takes place, but really minor from year two, this thing becomes much more accretive than the royalty, it was a timely business relative to the Coach license that we took back. We’re very thankful to the partners that we had not in their predecessors, but now it really is about us leveraging this key strategic category along with core handbags and accessories and outerwear as core drivers for all of these investments that we’re making in our own direct distribution and with key third-party partners.
Victor Luis: Yes. Great. Great question. Look, Kate has really unique positioning. And in many ways, I would say, first and foremost from an addiction perspective, definitely considered on the fashion and given its stronger reliance on ready-to-wear traditionally and other accessory categories, including jewelry tech, much SKUs much younger, much more millennial than Coach. And I would say, has a very strong in the hand bag space, a very strong and I’m talking here in North America now, because we’re very much in the early stages of building this business outside of Japan internationally, very strong suburban consumer who see that as a key wear-to-work resource and we’re really focused on providing that functionality. I think, that relative to differences between Coach and Kate, the teams are completely separate, Nicola and [indiscernible], they don’t come in and look at the Coach collections from Stuart, Stuart doesn’t go over and with the Kate collections, obviously in the fashion world they follow in general trends, but I think you’ll see, whether it’s in product and functionality, that you would go to the full price stores, it’s probably a good place to visit where they’re across from each other here at the Hudson Yards Mall here in Manhattan, where you can see Coach and Kate. The Kate experience and the Coach experience are very, very different. Kate speaking to her customer with its very specific codes in femininity, that I’m going to talk to in a minute and Coach to its customer with a much more urban fashion take, and I would say Stuart’s leverage of Coach is much more house of leather coats. If we look at Kate and the codes that we’ve launched, and I think I touched upon this in my remarks, in terms of our ability to compete effectively in the outlet channel. Kate has traditionally depended on a few very core clothes, first and foremost from the material perspective, there has been about Safiana; from a silhouette perspective, it has been about satchels and wear-to-work types of styles and from a branding perspective, it’s really been about that Kate Spade New York metal lock-up, which is on these products. These are traditional codes, they’re used by many brands across the spectrum and the issue is just that, one is Safiana, in and of itself is a material way, is facing challenges in terms of the ability of brands to distinguish themselves from one another. And then when you have the price competition coming on that, it becomes even more challenging. So, what we’re seeing in terms of the Coach that we launch, first and foremost, new materials, new type of leathers, we are seeing new nylon executions. You will see in the future, new textile executions, PVC executions, much more different branding executions, you’ve seen Nicola especially in the full price, part of the business, which has been well received, leverage a more universal code that is uniquely owned by us, which is the Spade, turning that into hardware, turning that into different lockup executions which are good is going to give us diversity, in the iconography of the brands. And now we’re leveraging all of that into the outlet channel, which we’re really excited about. And I would just say, that’s when we looked at and as you know, [indiscernible] we’ve talked about this a few times in the past, we have an extensive database, we capture north of 85% of customer transactions, across our brands. And what I can share with you is that, the overlap in the database between Coach and Kate Spade consumers is truly less than 5%. So, I’m not as concerned about that at all, as I am about Kate being true to its DNA, yet continue to modernize itself, continuing to give the Kate Spade’s core customer, distinctive newness that she can engage with and that differentiates it from all of the competitive set.
Victor Luis: I think in the full price channel really is what I was referring to there, because I do think we’re very much in inventory in that type of style, we don’t have enough diversity in outlet, we don’t have enough diversification in outlet from the material and branding perspective, as well as bringing in, I would say incremental silhouettes to the core satchels where we are very much in inventory and outlet. In full-price there is definitely an opportunity there, and you’re going to see us bring those in fact every month over the next four to five months. We have two to three families launching in the next two to three months, that we expect to be very significant players along with Margot, which today is our key and most successful family in the full-price channel.
Victor Luis: Thank you everyone for being with us. It’s is our custom, I just want to take the opportunity to thank our teams across the globe for their hard work and dedication, couldn’t be prouder of their commitment in all of their efforts. As we had an amazing year of building the foundation that will certainly serve as the key to our growth for years ahead. I have a tremendous confidence in them and look forward to working and partnering with them to drive growth out of this foundation that we’ve built. Thank you.
