Victor Luis: Got it. So, quite a few parts to that question, Bob. Obviously, in terms – first and foremost, the strategy itself, the execution of the strategy and then now the buyback. First, on the strategy, all of the strategic rationale for a multi-brand strategy remains true as far as we are concerned whether that be the risk of being a single brand, single-category business, which has the risk of overextending.  As has been the history for us and even some competitors here in the U.S. and of course, the leverage that we can bring across the platform with different categories, markets and brands. So, I would say that, absolutely not. We are not putting the pause button and are committed to our strategy of acquiring great brands that have solid growth potential. In terms of the execution of the strategy.  And I think you touched both on SW Stuart Weitzman and Kate, first, and I will start with Kate, the most recent acquisition. I think it’s important for all of us to remember that that is an acquisition that has been accretive from day one and I could not be prouder of the work that our teams have done in integrating that business onto the Tapestry platform.  We’ve migrated supply chains not only realizing significant cost synergies, we have very visibly improved product quality. We have the key talent in place both from a management and a creative perspective. We’ve laid the foundation for solid international growth by buying back all of our businesses in Asia and are already making great progress there.  We reinforced brand health with the launch of a fresh creative direction that we are already seeing consumers react to. And lastly, as we announced last quarter, we integrated KS on to what is in essence a real world-class SAP S4 on a platform first in the world in fact and already seeing the benefits of synergies from that.  I think that, any confusion between the carryover product having underperformed in the December quarter with the issues that we saw which were much more purely executional issues that we talked about as it relates to SW is really misplaced. And we’ve been very clear on that SW was really a one-off transition.  We had a founder. We had been there for 30 or 40 years and there was obviously a lot of opportunity on our side from a supply chain perspective. We put now the team in place have worked really hard and I think go forward, we will begin to see the results of that in a much more sustainable long-term manner.  Look, saying all of that, the share repurchase clearly signals our confidence in our business, in our brands and their long-term value and we have obviously a very strong balance sheet and the cash flow and we clearly believe that we can optimize our capital to enhance shareholder returns while maintaining our strategic and financial flexibility. So we are excited about what the future holds. 
Victor Luis: Yes, and so, more generally, on the resell market more broadly, we see it as an opportunity based on a lot of the research that we’ve had the teams digging into this for quite some time now, a market that is about $24 billion globally. But the vast majority of that is still in watches and jewelry. Our own estimates of that about 5% $1.5 billion more or less is in handbags and accessories.  We also see it as – and this is more resell of used products now. I am not talking about the parallel opportunity which is resell from lower priced markets into Asia. But we see it as much more concentrated in Europe and the U.S. and we see it less of an opportunity in Asia where consumers are much more focused on new product and much more focused on taking advantage of the international price premiums to access new products at a discount.  In Europe and the U.S., we still see brick and mortar playing a very important role. In fact, our own studies show still 70% to 75% of this used product is going via brick and mortar stores and with opportunity of course for more of it to go online. But this is not a new phenomenon. Look, before the current platforms, whether it was eBay and other marketplaces, this has been certainly a trend.  We dug deep into the handbag and accessories space and what we can share with you is that we see an average AUR that is really focused on traditional luxury brands. An average AUR that is about a $1000 and it’s really more than anything focused on what we see as seasonal luxury fashion bags as a result.  That would not be necessarily the main targets for what we consider our core accessible luxury handbag customer who is really looking for a $300 to $400 handbag. And so, if anything we see it, potentially taking some share from the new sales in Europe and the U.S. to the traditional luxury customers.  That customer who is looking for the newest hit bags that could be $2000 to $3000 is accessing it via some of these sites now at a $1000 or $1200 or $1300. Saying that, look, we are constantly following all of these formats. There are resellers.  There is upcycling, recycling, there is rental formats. There is drops. Limited editions. Resale and consignment models and for me, for the team, for all of us across our brands, the main insights that we are really leveraging here is the opportunity for us to continue to up our gain in terms of increased collaborations.  We are working on limited edition and drops. You heard in our speakers’ notes and Josh the teams and as well as Kate and Stuart Weitzman now working increasingly on pop-up stores and an increasing number of dotcom exclusives. All of this aligning with the experiences that’s millennials and Gen Zs drives.  On the rental side, we have across a couple of our brands especially partnered very, very nicely with rent the runway, still a small opportunity, but we see that as a good way for us to continue to learn.
Victor Luis: Sure. Erinn, of course, you know, we don’t discuss intra-quarter comps, but what I would share is that, we are definitely tracking to our plan to drive positive comps, some of what you’ve heard us talk about of course in terms of increased penetration of Nicola’s products is a key part of that by the end of the third quarter approximately three-fourth of the product in full priced was newness.  By the end of the fourth quarter, all of the in essence will be new products in the full price channel and then in the outlet channel, we will be about one-third newness and we are really excited by the consumer reaction. 
Victor Luis: Sure. Look, at the end of the day, Oliver, and simple – to put it simply, it’s just good business. Our teams care about it. Our consumers care about it. And I think that’s as fiduciaries and good corporate citizens and good citizens within the communities that we live and work in, we think it’s just the right thing to do whether it be on how we treat our teams, how we treat and support the communities that we work in.  And as well, of course, from the environment we work with our vendor partners very closely and I think that’s putting out very, very clear targets for 2025 and coming out every single year and holding ourselves accountable to those targets by communicating them very clearly to all of you, to our teams, and to the consumers who will hold us accountable, we felt it was the absolute right thing to do and we are really proud of the moves we are making there. 
Victor Luis: Yes, I think full price to outlet, as you know, of course, we deliver and only provide global comps. But in general, I would say that, from a global perspective, Simeon, the reality is all of our businesses internationally have been very robust. I could not be prouder of the traction that we are seeing across Asia on all of our brands and now from a much smaller base of course.  As you are all aware, in Europe, really good and I would say across all channels really. Asia, of course has now wholesales, but full price and outlet performing really well and I would say that in Europe, the same is true with wholesale becoming an increasingly important part of our business across all three of our brands. In the U.S. I would say that our full price business is robust.  I encourage you guys, especially for those of you who haven’t, please come to Hudson Yards, and you will see the most recent execution of the store formats for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman that we are tweaking and rolling out globally. Those stores are all doing incredibly, incredibly well.  Really pleased with the performance of this new location for us really significantly above our expectations for all three actually. And what I would say is that, the opportunity in the outlet channel for increasing AURs that we’ve been talking about, that Josh has been talking about and the teams have been talking about, remains the real opportunity and we are very, very focused on innovating there, on obviously engaging with the consumer there and separating ourselves from the competition. 
Victor Luis: Yes, I think, I’ll just add Simeon on that, you got 242 Coach doors in Greater China where it’s 54 for Kate, 39 for SW. We are only scratching the surface here. So, a lot, a lot of opportunity. We are very excited about that.
Victor Luis: Thanks to all of you as usual for joining us and as is our custom, I just want to again thank our 21,000 strong team across the globe for all of their hard work and dedication and to recognize my excitement for the great work being done, not only across our brands, but as well across our very nascent and increasingly strong Tapestry platform.  We have three amazing brands. Each of them has a unique narrative and an exciting creative direction that we are committed to investing behind across our multichannel and our global platforms. And I am continually inspired by the resilience and the desire of our teams to drive great experience for our customers globally. Thank you.
