Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob. We believe in the benefits of our multi-brand model. And we're confident we have the right strategy to drive accelerated growth and profitability for Tapestry as well as in each of our brands. Now we have three powerful brands, and we see Tapestry as the enabling platform to help those brands do what they can't do alone, in important ways, really four important, I think, key ways. The first is really through consumer insights. We have consumer insights across brands and across regions, and we provide the brands with tools and consumer knowledge to unlock value. We also have a globally diversified supply chain, which has always been a competitive advantage for our company, and we're now evolving that to make it even more responsive. And third, we have a technology infrastructure and digital capabilities that our brands can leverage to engage consumers, and I think we saw in the fourth quarter how powerful that platform can be for our brands. And finally, the access to global talent that we have across brands is a real competitive advantage. I think our Q4 performance is a real proof point, illustrating the power of that platform.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I think you covered it well. We have seen a slow and steady recovery in North America, and your question was specific to North America. We were pleased to see the China market, as Andrea mentioned, return to positive comps in the quarter, a positive inflection in the quarter. And as Andrea mentioned, we're engaging our consumers in the way they want to engage with us. And increasingly, in today's environment, it is through digital. So, again, we've seen a slow, steady improvement in our store business. But, importantly, we're engaging very fully through our digital channels with our consumers.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Erinn. And I think the story may be slightly differently in terms of -- different in terms of product categories for each brand, so I'll let the brand CEOs chime in. But we are excited about the traction we're seeing in new customer growth and the demographic of that new customer, particularly in some of our brands, and the engagement we're seeing both with new customers and also with lapsed customers. And, I think, the drivers we see behind that are really, really clarifying and doubling down behind our key brand equities and our brand purpose, and some of the changes that we've made to really embed analytics and be more agile in our marketing and our approach to engaging these consumers. So, really, really encouraged by the traction we saw in Q4 and look forward to more to come, but I'll pass it over to the brand CEOs. Maybe, Liz, starting with you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And at the risk of piling on, I do think there's one more important point that I want to call out. As we deliver value for our consumers and get even closer to our consumers in each brand, we're doing that with a balance -- what we like to call, a balance of magic and logic. So, we're understanding how to tailor our assortments, to be more relevant to the consumer, but there's a creativity element in delivering value for our consumers. And it means maybe something different in each brand, but the closer we get to our consumer and the more we understand and deliver against that value proposition, the more the consumer is willing to pay for the value we deliver. And as I think about that in Coach, it has been and it is about driving cultural relevance. The team has done a great job through collaborations and design aesthetic to deliver that cultural relevance. And Kate, you heard Liz talked about novelty as one of the aspects of real brand signature and the creativity that is driving consumers to want to spend $395 for a pineapple bag, bringing them a little bit of joy in their life. And in Stuart Weitzman, just said that real creativity behind casual, that is an emerging trend, but doing it in a Stuart Weitzman way with the Stuart Weitzman aesthetic, and with the signature comfort and fit that the brand is known for. So, it's when those elements come together that we really see traction with the consumer, and that's what drives our gross margins.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Let me start with the outlet question. I think the way we're thinking about it, Oliver, is really how do we deliver for our consumers. And we have consumers in that space, a really broad market of consumers who we're meeting and delivering the right value, the right product and the right experience for those consumers. And we're meeting those consumers more and more where they are. That includes digital channels. We're making the right adjustments to our stores in an increasingly omni-channel world, so that we are -- our focus is 100% on delivering for our consumers no matter where they choose to shop with us. And in terms of SKU rationalization, I think the brands -- as we've done the work to get more focus behind our key brand equities and knowing our consumers, we're also getting more focused in our assortments and presenting actually much more clear stories for our consumers. It's helping us deliver a more clear message. It's helping us with execution all the way down through our supply chain, and even as we bring it to life on our digital channels and in our stores. But again, I'd love for the brand CEOs to chime in on the SKUs.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And I'll just add to that. Mark, through all brands, we're focused on the digital business and for an inflection in top and bottom line growth, as the environment and backdrop recovers, we're positioning our company to be able to take advantage of that. And as Andrea pointed out, our digital margins are ahead of our margins in brick-and-mortar. We do see that as an accretive strategy for us. But, again, our focus is on meeting the consumer where they are and responding and being available with the right experience and ensuring that we can drive further profitability moving forward. And we have confidence that strategy helps us unlock that.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. I can kick that off. And then maybe the – a couple of the brands can provide some anecdotes. But we're well positioned to take advantage of the shift to digital. We have a pretty robust technology infrastructure and digital capabilities globally, but we are continuing to invest in that space, particularly with our customer file being able to add tools that allow us to better utilize and better use the information that we do have. So those investments we are making this year and we expect to continue to make them going forward, but a few anecdotes in terms of our ability to leverage that and drive both digital growth as well as profitability. I'll start with the traction we're seeing in new customer acquisition and some of the changes that we've made in our marketing process. We have embedded data and analytics more fully into our marketing operations and enabled those teams to really drive a test and learn mindset and test a lot of new things, I think, we’ve managed our 50 tests in the fourth quarter alone through that platform, and we're learning a lot. It's interesting, because this test and learn platform allows us to learn new information really that we didn't have before about how our customers respond. And some of those things work, some of them don't. We learn fast, which is part of the agility. We're learning fast, and we're scaling the wins. And we saw, again, a lot of traction in the fourth quarter behind that. Really pleased with the new customer acquisition and the engagement of lapsed customers. So we are seeing traction there. And then as it relates to being data-driven, I talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about some of the assortment analytics we're using to determine the right assortments at a door level, again, unlocking more productivity out of our assortments, more productivity in our stores. And that's really a key enabler to driving AUR growth and gross margin. And I don't know, Liz, if you want to talk about some of the traction you've had on the marketing side with the Kate brand, but some real traction there as well.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thank you, Andrea. As we think about our management of the business, particularly moving through this year, it is what we're calling efficiency-led profit growth. We are monitoring very closely the environment and driving and have more agility in the organization to respond to demand changes as we see them. But really focused on gross margin expansion through the opportunities that we talked about, being closer to our consumers, embedding data in our decisions, some of the SKU rationalization, driving that gross margin expansion. And then the operating expense and SG&A management, it's very tight. But I think importantly, we're positioning the company for long-term growth and to be in a position to accelerate growth and take market share when the economy recovers. So, not only do we see efficiency-led profit growth this year, but we're positioned to be able to accelerate the topline and drive margin expansion -- significant margin expansion as we return to growth. As it relates to our store fleet, we believe that in the physical presence and touch point of our stores, but we know that the role of the store is changing. And our focus is really on delivering a great experience for our consumers regardless of how they engage with our brands, whether that be through a physical or a digital touch point. And as Todd mentioned, we have raised the profitability thresholds and standards on our fleet. And we expect to drive more profitability, but also an improved experience for what we see as an increasingly omni-channel consumer. I can send it to Todd for a little bit more color on how that -- those negotiations are going.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Andrea. Thank you, Andrea. And I want to thank all of you for joining the call this morning and spending a little extra time with us. I'm pleased that the brand CEOs were able to join me today to provide more details on the work happening in each of our brands. I'm confident in our strategy and the opportunities for Tapestry and each of our brands to accelerate top and bottom line growth moving forward. But importantly, behind all of the numbers are our people. We're operating in unprecedented times, and I appreciate the continued passion and focus of our global teams, especially those in our stores and DCs who are providing exceptional service for our customers every day. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: No, no. If you want to take it, Joanne. I was just going to say, as we look at the year and as we talked about, our expectation is for slow, steady recovery over the year with a significant inflection in the second half of the year. We have seen that as we've gone through and reopened stores on a phased opening so far. And as we look at the year and look at the revenue rebound, we've seen it slow and steady. We saw it first in China and as we reopened here in North America, we've seen that slow and steady rebound. Stores continue to be pressured on the traffic side, but where we've seen this astronomical growth has really been on the digital side, which, as you know, I think, is much more profitable for us than the bricks and mortar. But I know that Joanne wanted to hop in here too. So please do, Joanne.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And if I could just tie this all -- if I can just all tie this all up, Alex, what I would like to say is that, obviously, we had 370 basis points in this last quarter. And while we wouldn't necessarily expect that going forward, I would like to note that we did that with very low wholesale exposure, and we did this with 90% direct business model. We did it on the back of lower promotional activity, higher AURs. And when we look at this going forward, we do think we have a lot of growth left not only through the lower AURs and the lower -- the higher AURs and the lower promotional activity. But do keep in mind that as we move towards digital -- and I think this does set us apart from some of our other peers out there, as we grow digital, and digital went to a mid-teens percentage of our business this quarter -- excuse me, this fiscal year versus only 10% last year, it is a higher channel of profitability than the relevant store whether it's outlet.com versus Outlet or our e-commerce retail businesses versus retail. As that increases in penetration, that will also be a tailwind to gross margin. So, we're not looking for another 370 basis points in FY 2021, but we do believe that will continue to be a tailwind and gross margin does have significant upside for all our brands and Tapestry as a whole.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure. Sorry about that, Lorraine. I was on mute there. Yes. When we look at capital allocation, obviously, what our priority is right now is, first and foremost, on preserving cash and financial flexibility to navigate the current environment. As you know, we made the decision to suspend our quarterly dividend and our share repurchase, and that's going to save us about $700 million on an annualized basis compared to 2020. Our intent is, as you noted, to return to sustainable top and bottom-line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we first intend to use for debt paydown. As you know, we've taken out $700 million on our $900 million revolver. We do expect to start paying that down in fiscal year 2021. Longer term, we're going to -- we'll certainly look at shareholder returns as part of our priorities for cash, returning both cash -- excuse me, both dividend and share repurchase. But we're going to be prudent before reinstating those. And we have to consider near-term liquidity needs of the business and we have to look at credit metrics. We understand what it means to be investment-grade and it is important to us. So, we have to balance those things as we look going forward, and obviously, keeping an eye on the macro environment and the pandemic.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: I'll let Joanne and Todd start with the store fleet, and then I can come in on the $300 million and where that's coming from, if that's okay.
Todd Kahn: Yes. On behalf of Coach, we couldn't be more excited. I mean we saw over 600,000 new customers come into the brand as one could expect, it is primarily handbags. But what's really interesting and engaging is we're seeing a younger customer coming to the brand. And as we indicated, 50% of the 600,000 are Gen Z or Millennials. And that really bodes well for what we're doing, and we're excited about them, and we're now focused on increasing that number, but increasing purchase intent with that group, because its one of the things you know the most valuable customers are not just getting them and being one-and-done. But continuing them on the journey and making them lifelong customers. And we're really focused on that, and we're seeing early days, but very encouraging repeat purchase intent.
Todd Kahn: Sure. And you hit on it. I mean, we ended the quarter and really pleased with the 73.6% gross margin we delivered for Coach. COVID has presented us an opportunity to be very focused and really reduce the promotionality and the discounting that you've seen and we're encouraged by that. And so we've really shifted the conversation, both digitally, but also in stores to one of value instead of promotionality. And I see that trend continuing. Our inventories are in really good shape. And so we're not – we don't have that outsized pressure that perhaps others do in terms of discounting. So I see a trend continuing through the year.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. It's an interesting question that when I feel that we've gotten for a very, very long time on outlet, first and foremost, we have a fashionable customer in outlet. And they love fashion, and they love it whether it's in brick-and-mortar or whether it's online. And we must and we will continue to innovate product across all of our channels. All of our channels are important. So we believe in brick-and-mortar full price. We believe in coach.com as a full price digital channel, as well as the coachoutlet.com channel and as well as the brick-and-mortar outlet mindset. Regarding SKU proliferation, when you really take a look at it, and we've done a lot of the work here, is what we're cutting out of the tail? We're cutting out the least relevant, the least productive SKUs, and really focusing and allowing us to have greater clarity of message, going further with the winners and really getting that focus. And you've seen it. You've seen it with Tabby. You've seen it in our history where we have great product. It resonates across geographies. And it -- having that higher productivity by SKU allows us to keep these families alive longer. And that's really important, particularly in the world we live in today. So we're excited about the productivity that we're seeing.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Andrea. And I think you I think you were talking about the inflection taking place in the second half, not in the half, not in the second quarter.
Todd Kahn: On anything. But one of the issues is, it's hard to have full visibility given the world we live in today. We know though we feel very good about the profitability of the digital channel. And we see that growing. We have expectations to still grow the brick-and-mortar. So we're not going to completely abandon that and just see all of our growth come from digital. We think we can have tremendously outsized growth in digital. Also, we're very, very excited about what continues to be the opportunities in China. And the opportunities in China are both digital and brick-and-mortar. So we see that growth really outstripping some of our prior growth. And so again, not to get too ahead of our SKUs, but we're excited about the opportunity ahead of us. And as soon as you can tell me when the world returns to normal, I can tell you exactly when we'll see that massive inflection.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Liz. One of the things that I think has always been so great about Coach and what attracted me a long time ago, I think, we were really best-in-class in using data, and you heard Joanne mention it before. This was part of the magic-logic combination. I think now what is so exciting is, we're not just using it for hind-sighting. We're really using it to be predictive, both predictive in our business, but also being predictive and using it as a tool for helping even inform our designs and our merchandising briefs. So that is really exciting. And what we're able to do under the Tapestry umbrella and using all of the resources there is exciting. Sometimes, people think that Coach doesn't always benefit from all of that, but we actually do. And we're using that quite a lot. So I think you're going to see us be much, much more data-driven. But, again, we're always going to balance that, and it's not going to overshadow creativity because we need both, but we have the opportunity to do both really, really well.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. I mean you -- Joanne hit most of the high points. Again, I think we're going to see over time changes. We believe very much in the brick-and-mortar channel. We, obviously, will let the consumer decide. I don't think there's a formula in terms of exact mix. It is not formulaic. We think, over time, you'll see us try new things. In Japan, we did station stores, much smaller square footage for the Coach brand, but profitable. So I think how the stores look, how they interact with the customer, how they participate in the omni journey of a customer will change over time. And our landlords globally many have been very responsive to being a good partner for us dealing with COVID. We're still working with some domestically. And I am hopeful that there’ll be a recognition that we are in this together and it is about having great brands in their malls like Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman.
Giorgio Sarne: Yeah. Let me say a few words about Stuart Weitzman. What we have seen is very encouraging, because we have seen a strong interest -- a continuous interest for our iconic styles. And also, we have seen a strong interest for our iconic styles where we have infused, I would say, a touch of casual – casual -- casualization is becoming a big trend and we are adopting very quickly to this new trend. I'm very pleased to see what the teams are preparing for the next season. As I also mentioned, the – we saw an unbelievable performance of our very elevated foundry in Margarita with this beautiful red color that sold out in a matter of weeks. So it's very encouraging.
Giorgio Sarne: And for us at Stuart Weitzman, it's again a very important product, so we are really working on touching the product offering and then also focusing on the most important geographic and channel opportunities. So, we -- when we look at the products and the iconic styles we have, we can leverage these ties even more, but with a renovated point of view, we can reduce the SKU count. We are reducing the SKU count in order to drive clear seasonal messages. And then this, in turn, will grow our gross margin while reducing the promotional activity, maintaining our positioning at the gateway to luxury.
Giorgio Sarne: And, again, leveraging the Tapestry powerful database and the tools we have, I have to say, what we are seeing as Stuart Weitzman is that, we are understanding more of the customer journey, the needs they have, where they want to buy. And what is interesting is that we are really now utilizing the website and the data to offer specific sizes, extended sizes and embedding greater personalization throughout all the journey. So it's very exciting to see what we are seeing and we'll leverage even more this powerful tool.
