Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our first quarter financial results, and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in the first quarter of 2018. Our earnings per share were up 13.5% compared to the first quarter of 2017. This includes excellent growth in both our regulated business and Market-Based Business. And consistent with our previous guidance, on April 20, our Board of Directors approved a 9.6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.455 per share. This marks the 6th year in a row that our dividend increase was at or above the top of our long- term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. We believe that long-term financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day. These fundamentals include, engaging our employees deploy provide excellent service to our customers; building constructive and transparent regulatory relationships; growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operation to ensure affordability and value for our customers. The foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations to provide clean, safe and reliable service to our customers.  We invested $343 million this quarter, with $302 million of that for our regulated infrastructure. We minimized the customer bill impacts of these investments through a continued focus on controlling O&M costs, optimizing capital spend through both value engineering and value procurement and through constructive regulatory mechanisms. Our regulated business closed several acquisitions during the quarter for a total of 3,700 new customer connections. We also added about 1,500 more customers through organic growth in our footprint.  We have an additional 47,000 customer connections under agreement, including the recently announced Alton Waste Water System. This one agreement will add 23,000 new wastewater customers in Illinois. We have served water in this great city for over 140 years, and our employees live, work and play there. So this acquisition is very special to us. Walter will discuss this as well as our strong pipeline and potential regulated acquisitions in a few minutes.  Earnings were also up in our Market-Based Businesses. This was due in large part to an increase in results from our homeowner services organization, where we saw growth in customer contracts along with benefits from cost management efforts. As you are also aware, we recently announced our agreement to acquire Pivotal Home Solutions, which will nearly double our home warranty business. Pivotal is highly complementary to our homeowner services group. We have been in this business for 16 years and we're excited to welcome the great many women of Pivotal to the American Water family upon close of the transaction, which we expect in the second quarter.  With this strong start to 2018 and our continued execution of strategies, we are affirming today our 2018 guidance of $3.22 to $3.32 per share. As we shared with you last month, given the Pivotal acquisition and the effects of tax reform, we expect our long-term growth to be in the top half of our 7% to 10% target EPS CAGR. American Water will invest $8 billion to $8.6 billion over the next five years excluding Pivotal, with more than $7.2 billion spend to improve our existing infrastructure.  Under this plan and normal operating conditions, no new equity is needed. We see line of sight to our 32% target O&M efficiency ratio by 2022. And we affirm our earlier guidance of dividend growth at the high end of our 7% to 10% EPS CAGR also through 2022.  Walter will now give you his update on our regulated business.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. I mentioned in my opening remarks that we believe long-term financial success is an outcome of doing everything else right, of successfully executing on the fundamentals of our business. What this means to us is not only developing solid strategies, but also clearly communicating our basic beliefs and philosophies on running a business. What we do and how we do it. Our strategies are in the areas of safety, customers, people, growth and technology and operational efficiency. Our values or how we accomplish these strategies include safety, which is both the value and the strategy, trust, environment leadership, teamwork in high-performance. So why should you care about any of these? Because this is our core and what we continually evaluate our actions by, not just a bunch of words on a piece of paper. We continually ask ourselves key questions. First, are we providing a safe environment for our employees and the public with all that we do? Are we developing our people to the fullest potential in their jobs? How are we implementing technology to improve customer service and reduced our costs? What are we doing to protect our natural resources and water supply? Are we a respected voice for clean and safe water throughout the U.S.? Will these initiatives lead to higher trust in us by our customers, communities and regulators? Our story is pretty simple and straightforward. We know and love the business of water and water services. We’re committed to finding and delivering cost-effective solutions to problems and challenges with water supply, water quality and water infrastructure for our customers and communities throughout the country. We truly believe in the importance of values and purpose in all that we do, including and achieving financial results. The world and yes, even the water industry can be a chaotic place at times. Our customers and our investors have plenty of things to worry about. Our goal is not to be one of them. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: First of all, good morning, Angie and thanks for listening in. It’s interesting. So we don’t really comment on what other companies do, but we are happy to talk about the way we look at things. We constantly survey the environment for opportunities but at the end of the day, we're very comfortable with our growth strategy. And it's very transparent in the triangle, the 5% to 7% from infrastructure investment and we've laid out clearly our plans for that.  And as we said, we have decades of investment needs and through tax reform and our continuing O&M efficiency, we're finding ways to make that much more affordable for our customers. As you mentioned, the 1% to 2% that we put in our growth triangle is strictly our history of these regulated acquisitions, the stress municipalities being a solution provider for those entities that need help, and then our Market-Based Business, while very limited in what we want to get involved with. We want to do really well in those businesses we know. Like we've mentioned before, homeowner services, military and Keystone.  So it's interesting, we watched, we're interested, but at the end of the day, as I mentioned in my concluding remarks, our core is water and wastewater services. We think that's what we're really good in. We believe there's lots of opportunities for investment in getting better with investment. And we think that this highly fragmented industry and sector with 53,000 water providers and 17,000 wastewater and so if you are actually managed from an overall coordinated standpoint with an entity as large as we are where we can basically leverage volume procurement and our technology and our size, scope and scale. We think that's very attractive. So we watch, we survey but we're comfortable with our strategies as we have laid them out.
Susan Story: Great, that's a great question. First of all, I will start with and we tell this to all of our almost 7,000 employees. Number one thing that every employee goes home to his or her family and it's good a shape as they came to work with. I don't believe that any company can be a great company if people get hurt or killed at work period. Nothing else you do. I mean, it sends a message as to what value you put on humans, people and the nature of our business. I think that's a core value that we all have to have. That's why it’s a value and I mentioned its also a strategy.  Strategically, as you mentioned some of the things we've done on technology we're very excited. We actually launched an internal safety app last week. What this app does is it allows people in the field to be able to go and say and some of this is already functional and the rest will be functional in a few months. I go out to a location and it's a meter or a pump or something I'm not accustomed to. I can take a picture of it. It will code in and show me exactly what I need to do in terms of operational processes. It will let me take a picture and send in and say, this looks stranger. I need additional equipment.  Can someone send me equipment out? There is an investment in the technology but the savings in terms of just fundamentally getting the job done right the first time, avoiding injuries, avoiding the cost that come with injuries. Number one, it's the right thing to do to focus on employee and by the way safety for the general public. If when you're a water company safety is not number one not just for employees but also for the public in terms of the services as you provide and how you provide it, then I think that company is not going to be long-term financially successful.  So we're very excited about what we're doing and in terms robotics, for example, a lot of the work that our folks in the front line have to do is very manual, very physical. We're investing in technology for example, putting devices on trucks that will open up some of the valve, that will open up and list some of the meters that weigh 50, 60 pounds, with aging workforces others have, finding ways to reduce those tissues, those strain sprain. So yes, it is an upfront investment, but it is an investment that's paying off from a people standpoint and it's also we're finding paying off from a financial standpoint. Walter, you might want to add something.
Susan Story: And Claire, this is Susan, and to add to that, when you think about how small market base is for our total business, when we talk about doubling Homeowner Services as Linda said, it's still such a small part of our overall business because regulated currently is about 90%. It takes a lot to really move that. So something like this really, as Linda said, over the next five years, it can move as closer to the 15% but that's given that we don't do other things. So our goal is, we really prefer the 15%, which you said regulated like. That's something like military where you get the 50-year contracts. So that you have some certainty there. That's what we consider to be regulated like. So right now, we're very comfortable with it being right at and below 15%.
Susan Story: Thank you, Brian, and thanks to everybody for participating in our call today. Please know again that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and the investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your questions or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they will be happy to help. I'd like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting will take place next week from Friday on Friday, May 11. Thanks, again, for listening and have a great week.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we are constantly working with our credit rating agencies. We have meetings set up on an annual basis and we would expect to continue to hold those meetings. We were also in discussions with our credit rating agencies with regard to the Pivotal acquisition. And so we're continuing to work through that. As we mentioned, when tax reform was implemented, that we would expect our FFO-to-debt metrics to drift a bit lower as a result of tax reform.  We've been making positive improvements on the cash flow front since then and we'll continue to look in and to manage our cash flow very carefully. And we do have to remember that, that is one metric that the rating agencies look at. Probably the bigger item around ratings is the risk profile of the water and wastewater industry. And that has not changed, and so -- and we sit very well within that in the industry here.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Claire, thank you for the question. And the way that what we disclosed is part of the Pivotal acquisition is that although this acquisition really kind of nearly doubles the size of our HOS business. We expect over the next five years to continue to see the entire Market-Based Business representing less than 15% of our total earnings per share. And so you're absolutely right there that, that's what we see. And when we stepped back and strategically looked at the overall risk profile of the company, the 15% to 20% of our Market-Based Businesses is where our comfort zone is, and only up to 20% if it is something that has a regulated type risk profile. So more regulated like in that regard. And so that's where we are. It does not change our fundamental strategy at all in terms of our Market-Based Business or the overall outlook of how large those businesses could become.
Linda Sullivan: Absolutely. So what we disclosed was that, we would be earnings neutral in 2018 after transition costs. And this is assuming that we closed in the second quarter. We'll be accretive in the first full calendar year 2019 and then that accretion would steadily grow to about $0.12 per share by 2022. Now that said, we will do a purchase price allocation upon closing and these businesses, as you are aware are capital light. But they do have some capital investments and operational and customer system. And we plan to integrate those systems over time and that will likely require accelerated depreciation as we move to integrate the system. And that's why we built in this gradual accretion. We need to close it first and then we'll detailed integration plan.
