Susan Hardwick: Hey. Good morning, Rich. Yes, it's a great question. Obviously, as Cheryl indicated, we have a lot of analysis to do with this proposed rule at these treatment limits that are proposed. And, you know Rich, how this works. I mean, there's a process to be worked here in terms of comments and feedback to the EPA about the proposed rule. And as Cheryl said, obviously we're quite supportive of what they're trying to accomplish here. And in fact, even at the four parts per trillion, we don't have huge issue with that. I think the issue is around cost. As Cheryl said, our early expectations here are that the EPA estimates around costs are understated. So I think that'll be part of the response that the industry generally provides back to the EPA. For us, as I said and Cheryl said, we're continuing to evaluate the impacts. And as you know, we've talked about this many times, we use a risk based approach to our capital planning. So as we work these projects into our capital plan, it could very well change that risk profile and move other projects out. So as we think about changes to our overall plan, we still got a lot of work to do to determine that. Specific to your question, though, around capital versus O&M, we think there's a fair amount of both that will be necessary at this level. So there'll be capital requirements to have facilities that are able to facilitate the treatment, and then, of course, there'll be an ongoing operating cost associated with the treatment itself. So lots to be learned yet on this and again, direct impacts to our plan yet to be determined.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Rich, good question. And Cheryl and John certainly can weigh in on this, too. But we have seen, I'd say, a continuation of the impacts that we started seeing really in the second quarter of last year. While some of the increases in certain costs may have started to level out a bit, they still are all elevated, and we expect that to continue for some time. I think the real key here and you touched on it, is the work we did in the regulatory arena to address these costs early on. And we've estimated that roughly 75% of the costs we'll experience in ‘23, we've got fully baked into rates as a result of those cases we did last year. And as Cheryl mentioned, or maybe John did in the prepared remarks in the Indiana case we just filed, we've addressed it there, too. So we think we have done as good a job as could be done to address these costs early on so that they don't have bottom line impact. But we continue to see a fair amount of pressure here on the cost side.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think the waterfall that you have there probably is as good as there is. The impact from the market based business, which is now just military, is very small and on a year-over-year basis, just not much of a variation. The other segment, I think we highlighted the primary driver there, which would have been the gain, the sort of true-up gain on the HOS sale in the first quarter of last year.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. First quarter for us is not much of a weather impact year. Cheryl, you want to just talk about seasonality or –
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's a fair observation, Angie, and it's obviously one of the things that we'll address in our comments. We think that these rules should apply, obviously, to all providers and that EPA should use its authority to enforce the rules. There is a track record here, so we'll have to, again, sort of comment on that. As it relates to our views on acquisition potential. John, you want to comment on that? We think there could be some opportunity, but I think you've hit on the key issue.
Susan Hardwick: John, you want to comment on that? Yes, the question really, Paul, is around this consolidated rate issue, that legislation you're referring to.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's probably fair, and I do think it probably creates opportunity around acquisitions. Again, I think it gives us more leverage to grow in Indiana and have used that consolidated revenue mechanism to lessen the bill impact on customers. I think it's a very important piece of legislation from that perspective to, again, sort of facilitate growth.
Susan Hardwick: Well, those are two big topics, Gregg. First, maybe on Florida, let me just comment there. I think and obviously we're following developments there, as we do sort of across the nation around legislative actions, regulatory actions, et cetera. But I'd say our answer is the same as it always is on potential growth into other states. We really have to see an opportunity to grow substantially in a particular state. We look at regulatory environment, legislative environment, those types of things. And we're constantly looking at opportunities. But all of the parts have to sort of come together, I think, for us to do anything significant beyond our existing footprint, which, of course, we like a lot. We think we have optimized our footprint. We like the environments that we're in. We have great opportunities for growth in our existing jurisdictions. And obviously, that's where our focus continues to be. On your second question around PFAS and litigation and impacts there, as Cheryl mentioned, there is litigation and has been for some time around this. And our goal here, I think the industry's goal, is to while we feel responsible for helping to solve the problem and we are best positioned to do the treatment, we do think it's important that those that are responsible for the production of the chemicals also be held responsible. So our states are actively involved in that litigation and will continue to be. And we do think that's an important part of this overall equation that has to be worked through. And again, customer affordability is at the heart of that. We don't think it's necessary or appropriate for customers to pay for things that they really aren't responsible for. So we'll be actively pursuing that litigation along with the rest of the industry.
Susan Hardwick: Boy, Jonathan, we're going to have to go back and look at those numbers. Those numbers don't sound right to me for the prior year, we had some true-up activity related to the HOS sale, and maybe that's getting confused a bit here, but all that's remaining is our military services group and the earnings year-over-year really not much of a variance, and it's a relatively small part of the overall earnings contribution anyway. But we can follow back up on that reconciliation the numbers that you're quoting, because, again, I don't think that's reflective of the size of the business.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Certainly the military services group operations year-over-year relatively flat. We'll need to verify that $19 million pretax number you're quoting there. That doesn't ring a bell to me. I mean, I know there's a number there. I just don't recall it being that. So we'll have Aaron follow back up with you on that just to make sure we got the right numbers there.
