John Griffith: Yes, I think it does. That's right. Paul, we started to pick up New Jersey revenue last September, so that moderates year-over-year growth. And I'd say on from an inflation perspective, we're starting to see production costs moderate as we've come through the second quarter here.
John Griffith: Yes. Paul, no real change there as we’re thinking about it. As you know, we’re raising financing in a periodic sort of manner. So we do expect to trend up over time until we reset again with equity, but no significant change there.
John Griffith: Angie, I would just say on the financing piece that we set our plan last fall at a time when we can't predict interest rates. And I think where we've come out on the convert is consistent with our guidance and our affirmation of 2023.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Angie, we don't have any sort of prediction so far on impacts in July. I'd just remind you again that our outlook for the year remains on track to hit our expectations, again, on a weather-normalized basis. So just a bit early to tell what impact July may have across the entire territory.
Susan Hardwick: I'll answer the second part first and then ask John to sort of come the financing impacts. We continue to look very closely at the timing of those 2 transactions. And we've always expected them to be sort of at or close to year-end. That's still our expectation. That's been built in our plan all along. The regulatory process is a bit unpredictable, but we feel confident about the ability to get those wrapped up right towards the end of this year. John, you want to comment on the financing piece.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think, Angie, I'll say what I always say here, I think we are very good at it. I think we spend a lot of time in these communities, cultivating the relationship. Our teams are very much embedded in these communities. I think they work closely with communities to define the need and to come up with the best solutions to meet those needs. I think that is continuing to be our strongest asset as it relates to acquisitions. I think the prospect for deals also continues to evolve. And I'd say these larger deals have come about I think because circumstances warranted. It doesn't signal a change in our strategy. It doesn't signal a change in what I believe to be the environment either for opportunity or regulatory acceptance or enthusiasm for deals generally. So I'd just say they're circumstantial, and our expertise, I think, continues to be a real advantage we have here.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think the normal process would be to have testimony filed with all the parties in the case, sort of later this summer, early fall. So I think the normal process, we would expect to see sort of full recommendations or positions taken by the various parties through that process.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. And I think that is the key. We just need to complete that risk analysis piece, and we'll see how much of this $1 billion ultimately results in incremental capital expansion of the plan versus just shifting to later periods, shifting other work to later periods.
Susan Hardwick: No, I don't think so. We're continuing to look at that as a very important part of our strategy and continuing to look at those opportunities. We think there's a good set of opportunities in that space, largely driven again by just the aging infrastructure and how many of those systems were built initially and then many of them coming to sort of the end of their useful life. So we think the opportunities are plentiful. I would say it doesn't change our strategy relative to that. But I do think, as we think about sort of total capital allocation and from a risk perspective and a growth opportunity perspective, we'll manage all of those opportunities within our capital financing capabilities.
