Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Linda Sullivan will cover the fourth quarter and full-year financial results and our COO, Walter Lynch, we'll give key updates on our operations. We will highlight a number of 2016 Company records and achievements throughout our presentation. Just to name a few. We accomplished record levels in safety, capital investment, O&M efficiency and regulated acquisition. All of these achievements are possible because of our engaged employees are safe and efficient operations and our smart investments. And this enabled us to achieve top quartile customer satisfaction continued 7% to 10% long-term EPS growth and top dividend growth. Our employees delivered another strong year of results by successfully executing our strategy. In 2016, we invested about $1.5 billion, the highest in our Company's history, $1.3 billion of that was invested in our regulated systems to improve service reliability and water quality for our customers. We're able to increase our investments to this level because our hard working employees continually improve both O&M and capital efficiency. We're proud of our ability to deliver on our growth goals while effectively managing every dollar that we can deliver excellent customer service. While limiting the impact on our customers build. Most importantly, we know our customers need to trust that the water we provide them is clean and it safe. Once again we met or surpassed EPA requirements in 2016. In fact, our systems were 21 times better than the industry in drinking water quality and compliance as measured by the EPAs drinking water database. This is absolutely foundational to our business. Our customer base is growing by a record 82,000 customers through closed and pending regulated acquisition. This is in addition to the13000 customers added from organic growth in our existing service areas in 2016. Our Military Services Group completed two price redeterminations in the fourth quarter for a total of $3.75 million in annual fee adjustment. Keystone Clearwater ended 2016 as we projected. For 2017, natural gas prices have rebounded and both the drilling rig count and well completion activity have increased significantly. Keystone continues to increase market share, but offering total water management solutions at competitive pricing to Appalachian Basin E&P. At the same time, they expanded their overall services outside the oil and gas industry to the municipal water services market. As you can see on Slide 7, operating revenues were $802 million during our fourth quarter. We experienced continued growth in our regulated businesses from investments, acquisitions and organic growth. And while we faced headwinds throughout the year in our market-based military services group, we benefited from due price redeterminations in the fourth quarter and four in the full-year. Linda will discuss the quarter's drivers in more detail in just a few minutes. Operating revenues for the year increased 4.5% over 2015, and our 2016 annual earnings with all the effect of the Freedom Industries binding agreement in principle were $2 84 per share, up 7.6% over 2015 EPS. Turning now to Slide 8, today we affirm our 2017 guidance of $2.98 to $3.08 per share and continue our progress toward achieving 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2021. Additionally, we project we will grow our dividend in 2017 at the top of our long-term EPS growth range following the double-digit growth we have had for dividends over the past four years. In summary, it was another really good year and we thank all of our employees who made it happen. With that, Walter will now give his update.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, I want to highlight very briefly our Company value of environmental leadership and what it means to our customers. As the Company that relies on environmental protection for the services we provide, American Water is naturally focused on sustainability, not just because it's the right thing to do, which is certainly is, but also because it's our business imperatives. It is more than just compliance with laws and regulations. Although we are proud that our systems are 21 times better than the industry. It extends to partnerships with environmental groups in our local watershed, the faster protection and education on water issue. It also means that we are front and center, national policy issues around sustainable water supply, water quality and replacing aging infrastructure. There are approximately 53,000 water treatment plants in the United States with about 400 of those participating in the EPA and AWWA partnership for safe water program. In 2016, only 33 plants receive the President's Award, the programs highest honor. Pennsylvania American Water was awarded nine of these 33 out of a total of 53,000 water treatment plants. Also in 2016, American Water was recognized by the Environmental business journal for our water quality and sustainability and named by news week, as one of America's top green company. Our efforts have also translated into eight patents, most dealing with water treatment technology as well as $43 million of research grant awarded over the years and of course that is because of the people we have at American Water. Our R&D group of 15 employees includes eight Ph.D. and four people with other advanced degrees. They work hard everyday with researchers across the globe to find better ways to sustain, treat, deliver, and recycle our precious water resources and our 6,800 employees, including operations, engineering, water quality, and environmental lab professionals are always finding better ways to serve our customers and protect our environment. While awards are good, the best recognition is highly satisfied customers in their peace of mind. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Right. So our Keystone operations are in the Appalachian Basin and we're the only water services provider that does the cycle of water management except, of course, we do not at the end the cycle take the waste at the site and put them into the deep wells that have been controversial. So because of that we're finding that more and more of the E&P’s want to deploy their capital for their own. For example, development of pipelines and for their own services. So we can step in and basically handle providing the water and recycling the water on the site and they don't have to worry about it. So we've gone from 20% when we purchased them in July 2015 to 35% now, we still believe that there are opportunities for growth in the area. And in fact what we're finding now is that there's so much work in the area that we're seeing some of the pre-kind of 2016 downturn, we're seeing some of the pricing come back for the services and the need for the large E&P’s especially to feel comfortable that they have a partner who has a very strong commitment to environmental sustainability. So we do think that there is further room to grow in Appalachian Basin.
Susan Story: One of the things we're excited about. For example, there's a lot in the press about drones and delivering packages. We are actually in New Jersey, American utilizing drones and infrared to actually go over pipes in the ground from the air and we are finding that we're able to spot leaks and find leaks before they ever occur in main breaks and you don't have to dig up the ground or anything, it's pretty cool some of the things we're doing. And there was an FSR that I was out within Northern New Jersey a you months ago, David, and he had the smartphone and when I’d say we went into a house I would say the royal. He went in and change the meter and I was with him in the house and we walked outside and this gentleman has been with the Company 38 years and he looked, watch this, he said I can read this meter immediately on my smartphone. So there's a lot of really need things going on in terms of deploying technology in very practical way, not just the high-tech level ways, but things that make it easier for our frontline employees to serve our customers better and we're just at the beginning of that we believe.
Susan Story: Sure, Andy. Thank you for the question. I will start and then Walter can talk specifically about the New Jersey situation. So interestingly, I've been involved with the Bipartisan Policy Center working on looking at the whole infrastructure issues around the administration in their efforts. And it's interesting, there are a lot of parties are interested we have a coalition, with the U.S. Chamber and NAM and several groups that are looking at this I think the question is remains as were is the money coming from. So for us on the infrastructure we are very excited that there is a focus on infrastructure. We like that there is a lot of interest from both sides of the aisle and public-private partnerships. So we just have to see how that plays out, but the good news for us is, regardless of what plays out nationally we have such a strong capital investment program and being an investor-owned water utility. We can see about that for us we're just continuing to do our business which is robust and as we said, we continue to invest more and more capital. So there could be something, the other we're monitoring it closely and hopefully we will see something come from that. The last question you ask and then Walter can talk about what's going on in New Jersey with the issue of municipalities. We are constantly as we said in Investor Day we survey the landscape of all municipalities and companies that are out there that meet our guidelines and our discipline in terms of acquisition, but we are very disciplined. So when we look we don't see the need to grow for the sake of growing unless it is a good - it's a good investment for us for the long-term. Our financial models we're always looking at so what will this mean in five years, 10 years, 15 years and ensuring that we have a discipline around those acquisitions. But that doesn't mean we're not looking or that we don't have substantial data and information on these opportunities it just means that we will not get out there and do something for the sake of just saying that we have an acquisition. And I do think, it's interesting we've been waiting as you know following the Water industry as long as you have. Everybody keeps talking about there will be [indiscernible] the floodgate is open our municipalities to be privatized, but it's a one-by-one battle, it's as municipalities have to look at their own particular circumstances. And they bet at all the options that they have available to them. So our entire strategy is we're in these communities, we're on the ground, we're there to be a solutions provider. We think in many cases we can provide services at a lower cost and we believe that we can improve water quality improves service and give predictability of cost in many locations better than what exists there and it's incumbent upon us to make sure that we tell our story. And the New Jersey situation a very interesting Walter if you were talk about that.
Susan Story: I thank the thing this points out Angie is not just EPA, what we have found in the past it's whereas we would immediately need to and would address issues that came up in terms of any non-compliance in wastewater for example, that there are many municipalities and cities that have had non-compliance items for decades. And there was just a different standard holding them accountable then us and I think one of the things we learned from plant Michigan is, safe water is for everybody and regardless of who provides that water, whether it's private or public. There should be the same standards towards safe clean water and that we have great wastewater services and sanitation service. So I think that as some of these things that happened, people have realized, it doesn't matter who the provider is. There needs to be standards that everybody follows. And for us, it's the ability to have a level playing field.
Susan Story: Absolutely Ryan, so in the investor material and in our slides, we outlined kind of the overall acquisition process, and if you look at Page 12 of our slides, really starts with the agreement process. So when we look at the Scranton acquisition, we have now closed Scranton as of December 2016. That means that we take on the customers we begin to integrate them into our system and generally from a financial standpoint during the timeframe between when we close and when we get through the final rate case decision. We finance those acquisitions with shorter-term debt and we would expect these acquisitions to meet certain financial metrics, including being accretive to earnings, and so that is kind of the process that we go through until we file our next rate case decision - rate case, in the rate case process, then we will coming out of that process have our authorized amount that is included in rate base upon, which we would have the opportunity to earn full return.
Susan Story: It’s different for every acquisition, but yes, once you get that full amount in the rate base, that's what you would generally expect.
Susan Story: This is Susan, Ryan. I think everybody is just kind of wondering what's going to come out of Washington. They're looking at the issue of infrastructure what that mean. They're looking at any potential changes in the EPA for the electric side, the clean power plant, and what does this mean and the waters of the U.S. and I think everybody's also carefully watching for the tax issue. So I think there are state issues that continue to be state to state, but I think it may just like everywhere else, we're kind of watching to see what is going to happen on the new landscape and we're all kind of speculating and we can draw general models. But at the end of the day, we're waiting to see even proposals. If we have proposals, we can model and see what the impacts are. At this point, we're just kind of guessing and I think everybody's pretty much in that situation. We continue though to look at investment opportunities regardless MYR Group does with the President of MYR Group, Rob Patterson, of course, Pennsylvania has always been very innovative in the way that they look at infrastructure and ensuring that their citizens are taken care of, that are our customers. So I think it was kind of the same thing, but an uncertainty of – so what will the new rules be and how long will it take for us to know with those new rules are.
Susan Story: No, we don't do that because it’s so small, basically they were extremely capital-light. We are open to looking at design build on a five-year basis and we would actually look at that five-year for any capital investment from a depreciation standpoint, at least for our models. But right now, it's just not significant in that and we're just not really disclosing it because it's so small.
Susan Story: Well I think it depends on your definition of normal, what normal is I think going back to the low turn we've had from the middle of 2015 say through the end of last year, we know things are picking up. I mean, you can just look at natural gas prices even though they've come down a bit, because of the really warm weather we've had this winter, we know that, of course, going into the summer 2015 natural gas was 33% of power generation, coal is 33%, nuclear was 20%. Now we're starting to see as gas prices are so affordable that that will probably continue and we will probably see gas increase in those of you all who cover electric also know that regardless of what happens to the clean power plant and lot of plants are already underway and people are already building significant new combined cycle facility. So we believe that we’ve turned the corner. We see activity tremendously growing, as I said in my comments, we're seeing rig counts up, we are seeing well completion activities up along with the natural gas prices. We believe that we're getting back to a more normal, what that normally is. I think we're going to have to see over the next few months and we will continue in our quarterly discussions to say is it higher than we thought or less than we thought, but we do as we always are want to be conservative and make sure that we have a few more months under us to see what can we look at that more predictable. So it's much better than last year. Will that be back to 2013, 2014. I think we'd just have to wait and see.
Susan Story: Well, it's not settled and we had two different firms, who do not participate. And so we currently – one of them requires arbitration and we have begun the arbitration process. The other we have filed a lawsuit in West Virginia against and that's public information. So we are continuing. As you know these things don't happen quickly, but we are in process. On October 28, we actually filed in Knott County against our indemnity and that one is public record. And then the other insurers we have actually started arbitration process as they are located offshore there was mandatory arbitration. And we actually have had the panel; the Chairperson of the panel has been selected. So we're continuing that process in both of those, that level of insurance together is $50 million, $25 million each.
Susan Story: Yes. It would be both and if it were as you know the entire settlement was on West Virginia American Water's books, because they were the ones that the lawsuits were against. And so if we do recover any additional fund, it would go back to West Virginia American.
Susan Story: Thanks, Spencer. And I would tell you that for those that we have not been able to answer your questions, our Investor Relations will get back with you. We appreciate all of you participating today. We appreciate those of you who were at our Investor Day. If you have any questions, again, please call Ed and Ralph, they will get back to you, if we didn't get a chance to answer your questions. I'd like to remind everyone that our 2017 first quarter earnings call will be on May 4 and our annual shareholders meeting will take place on Friday, May 12. Thanks again for listening. We hope you had a great spring and we will talk to you again in May.
Walter Lynch: Hi, this is Walter. Yes, we're continually working on reducing our expenses, as you know when we talk about, I think a big enabler is the technology and that's why I highlighted the technology we're using in Pennsylvania. One of the big advantages we have as a Company is we're able to deploy technology in one area, take the learnings of that technology and then applied across American Water to realize significant value. So I would say the technology, I highlighted the technologies, I highlighted in the past around non-revenue water and finding leaks in West Virginia doing things like using technology to streamline our routes, so that our people in the field are more efficient. Those are the things we're going to be doing across American Water to drive efficiencies. And a lot of the low hanging fruit we've already gotten, but the technology is going to be a key enabler.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Susan. Yes, what we're referring to here is, Water Quality Accountability Act and it was introduced by center Sweeney recently and New Jersey working its way through the Senate. It's going to work its way through the Assembly obviously and then get signed by the governor. But what it does is really requires the same things for municipalities and investor around utilities. Let me give a couple of examples of what they're looking at. The testing of valves and hydrants per New Jersey Board of Public Utilities requirements would be not just required of investor-owned, but we required of all the municipalities with the New Jersey, cyber security program requirements, action plans for any notice of violation, developing a comprehensive capital long-term capital plan and a replacement rate for pipe targeted about 150 years. These are all the things that were required to do in the investor-owned side in this really going to have the same requirements for municipalities throughout New Jersey. And the whole purpose is to make sure that the water quality is protected in New Jersey and that's really the focus of centers Sweeney’s…
Walter Lynch: Well, I think it will cause them to take a look. Do we want to do this as a municipality or do we call on American Water who has been doing it for decades and decades in New Jersey with great success and leverage our expertise. I think that's something that they are going to have to take a look at and we would be glad to talk to them about it because we are a solutions provider.
