Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before we move on to Q&A I do want to mention that we were honored to be named to the S&P 500 on March the 04th. We're proud to be the only water utility in the S&P 500 as well as in the Dow Jones utility average which we joined in 2015. Additionally, in recognition of our environmental and sustainability leadership, we are also very pleased to be part of the Dow Jones sustainability index. To be named to the S&P 500 is a direct reflection of our employees’ commitment to deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable water to customers every day. Our employees put our customers first. This results in a more positive constructive relationship with both customers and regulators. When regulators can trust our efforts to serve customers efficiently and effectively, they have confidence in our ability to invest productively in our water systems. Investing more in our water systems gives us more reliable service, better satisfied customers and growth. If this virtuous cycle that begins and ends with the employee customer relationship, the successful execution of this equation is what drives our performance. The actions of our employees every day are the reason American Water is part of the S&P 500, the Dow Jones utility average and the Dow Jones sustainability index and I am proud to be part of their team. And with that we're happy to take any questions you have got.
Susan Story: Well, actually if you look at the charts Walter and Linda mentioned that in the first quarter we had a $1 million loss at Keystone that starting the 1st of March, they have taken on several austerity measures to get back to the earnings neutral and cash flow positive for the rest of the year. So actually we're mitigating what happened in the first quarter and moving to earnings neutral for Keystone. On AWE we basically, if you look at the chart that Linda ended with, it’s within the realm of plus and minus as we look last year at Investor Day and projected the growth of AWE. So, it's -- the business is running well also Linda mentioned if you look at AWE being year-over-year quarter being flat, we did accelerate some of the homeowner services marketing cost because we have a system implementation in July and we didn't want to have marketing materials and what we tend to get our extra calls during a period of time when we were doing that. So actually, we're pretty much on our plan as we've looked at AWE and Keystone based on the actions that we've taken in the first quarter.
Susan Story: Right, Walter. So let me talk about the water services providers first because Keystone and we mentioned they had about 20% of the market share when we bought them and due to being affiliated with American Water not owned by a competitor E&P company, we did start seeing market share grow up to now close to 30%, we picked up several new large customers this year. So while the market has gone down from an E&P, our share of that market for water services has gone up, just like the industry experts EIA are basically targeting fall to see the supply numbers based on some projections for the summer going down and having to increase production, we see the same thing based on our discussions with our customers. So -- but we're very conservative in our outlook and our projections, so as Linda mentioned in her script, we're assuming no increase in production through the year and looking at cost controls for Keystone that include about that 80% of our cost can be variable, we're looking at a lot of process improvements, we continue to grow market share. And you're exactly right we're seeing some of the smaller water services providers who simply can't make it through this year, it's very difficult when you don't have a strong of a balance sheet as we do not have a growing customer segment for those water services. So our Keystone management team has done an outstanding job as you noted in a time like this with a market like this to get us to the position we're in and we're very proud of them.
Susan Story: Yes, well first of all when we bought Keystone. They did not invest in a lot of pipeline those are relatively new for the future of building pipelines and we're ensuring there are strong third party creditors the credit worthy partners there. So don't really have the take-or-pay exposure now so that's good, but you're right what we're seeing and you all read the papers everyday you have bankruptcies as some of the smaller E&Ps and you're seeing a consolidation in the oil and gas industry. And let me remind you that in the Marcellus and Utica the Appalachian basin basically all of our support is for nature gas, it is not for oil. And we are also seeing to that effect the consolidation of the oil and gas companies we’re also seeing that they want credit worthy partners so to have a larger water services backed by a company like American Water is very attractive to some of our partners. Also keep in mind that you have to build an infrastructure for water before you need it or before you actually start producing natural gas. So we're seeing some interest express later in the year to start some projects.
Susan Story: Well Rich that's a good question. First of all let me tell you that dealing with faster regulated growth is a problem that we sincerely hope that we have, and as we said that 15% to 20% that's more of a limitation not a target, so if the regulated business, if we see that through things that are happening nationally that there is an acceleration in the number of governmental entities that want to sell their water and wastewater. And people have been saying this for a long time, we see it very steady, legislation helps, if that happens it doesn't mean we necessarily must ensure that market base is 15% to 20%, it's more of a limiter that from a risk profile standpoint. It will not be more than that. That does not mean it has to be that percentage, so I'll say that upfront. Now in terms of growing the business, so we believe at American Water that there is enough opportunity related very tightly to our core competency that we like to keep our growth engines related pre-directly to water and wastewater. So I will tell you that as we look at our businesses and market base, we are looking at of course our homeowner services, military contract, we look at any potential new business and say does this really play off our competencies because our market based business benefit because of the tremendous amount of expertise in our regulated business. It also helps our regulated business by bringing in a lot of competitive entrepreneurial type ways to look at things. So we think it's a very healthy relationship. We go through a very disciplined process to look at new businesses. Just as one example and this is public, we're very excited about the pilot project we did on geothermal on Long Island at a school where geothermal has been around for decades but it is always utilized ground as the heat transfer agent. And you have to have pipes for example if they are vertical 250 feet in the ground or horizontally, you need a lot of land. We're basically using our water main system to be the agent and it's not having effects on the water and it’s able to heat and cool building through geothermal system. While we know that our military bases is another cross connection between our businesses, several of our military bases or all of them are under a eventually a net zero charge from an energy standpoint, this type of technology can save 30%, 40%, 50% on energy cost, so we’re looking at those areas that we have expertise, that we are aligned with that have really good applications, as we look at different ways to grow in the market based business.
Susan Story: Well actually it’s interesting, you bring that up, we actually are doing some sharing in two locations in the Monterey Peninsula where of course we have the conservation measures and drought we have a pilot in Monterey that we are partnering Pacific Gas & Electric to use their backhaul system use water meters, smart water meters, use their backhaul system to actually look at the data. We just announced about two months ago, that we’re partnering with Commonwealth Edison ComEd we serve parts of metro Chicago and we are actually partnering with them to utilize a different type of smart meter technology, to again utilize some of their backhaul infrastructure, how this is a win-win, is that in our business as we’ve said one of the strong parts of our investment thesis, is that we have years and years of capital investment we need to make, because of the system nationally the water and wastewater infrastructure system, so for or us to say, we’ll put in the meters and the electricity company may already have some backhaul capability there from their smart meters, then where we can partner and utilize some of that infrastructure, it’s great for customers and the regulators love it, because it shows directly a reduction in the amount of cost for customers, it benefits the electric utility and it benefits us because if we are not building the backhaul, we just put that money into more pipes, plants and pumps replacements.
Susan Story: Right, so you will some of the dollars shifting from year-to-year but it's still within that five year capital plan.
Susan Story: Yes, Jonathan, to that point if you remember, Walter mentioned there were two which were the groundwater replenishment which is recycled water as well as the ability to do additional reservoir storage for half. The other half that we're working hand in glove with the local officials there as well as during a hearing in Monterey the Public Utilities Commission because of the delay have said that they also would advocate for us to have an extension of the Carmel River withdrawal kind of it was supposed to seize as you know into this year.
Susan Story: To extend that until we can get the desal part built and in fact it was very positive that we could continue and work on these other components for half of it, before we actually build desal plant for the other half. So it actually ensures we build part of the project earlier and then hopefully get a, with everybody supporting the communities and the sate then get the extension on the water permit for the Carmel River.
Susan Story: Sure, well I'll tell you, I won't talk in general about NASUCA but in each of our state we try to work very closely with the consumer advocates’ office upfront, when we're filing this mechanisms, we try to ensure and I'll tell you we're very transparent about the process, this is also goes back to why our ability to not only increase and improve our O&M efficiency, but we have a lot of projects on how we also increased our capital efficiency, what are we doing to ensure that every dollar we spend, is being spent at the highest level of productivity. So, it's a one on one thing, it's not with the general NASUCA but in each of our state, our state Presidents’, our staff sit with the consumer advocates and basically walk through very openly what we need to do, why we need to do it and what we're doing to mitigate the cost. And I'll tell you when we go in for DSIC and capital infrastructure, we say this and I know some of you think we say it too much but I don't think it can be said enough. The ability to manage our O&M cost. So that for every dollar of O&M saved, we can put $6 of capital in the ground, when you hear like what Walter said is in West Virginia over four years or three and a half years we've reduced O&M cost 1.1 million, we filed in Illinois, we've reduced our O&M cost by 3%. The ability to show that we're being good stewards of the customers’ dollar goes a long way.
Susan Story: Thank you, Rich and thanks for the comments about Jim. He is doing extraordinary and I'll tell you that the team we have got I can go down a list and talk about the amazing people we've got. And we all just feel fortunate to work with them. Thank you, Rich.
Susan Story: Thank you, Jamie. I will be short. I appreciate everybody participating in our call today. If you have got any questions as always you can call Greg and Melissa and they will be happy to help you. I will remind you that we're having our Annual Stockholders Meeting on Friday, May the 13th, in Voorhees, that will be lucky Friday May the 13th. Thanks again for participating in our call and we look forward to talking with you all later.
Linda Sullivan: Walter I -- this is Linda and I'll add to that, that in terms of the military services group for the quarter we were slightly up on a year-over-year basis but we do see headwinds associated with the capital future upgrades for the remainder of the year based on the military service or the Department of Defense budget.
Linda Sullivan: So Jonathan, this is Linda and what we did at the Analyst Day was we set forth some of the key variables that we expect in our earnings guidance range for the year and so we have reiterated that chart here, when we look at 2016, we are square within those variables based on what we know today in the first quarter results.
Linda Sullivan: For keystone we’re expecting that they will take austerity measures and that they will be earnings neutral this year.
Linda Sullivan: It is too early tell Jonathan, I think, we look at our five year plan, we continue to see that the market expectations are about the same as they were in December, over the long-term and so we continue to believe in about 1% growth from the Keystone at this time.
Linda Sullivan: No Jonathan, we’re seeing quite a tick up in activity in the pipeline of Request for Proposals we currently, the Department of Defense has about 9 Proposals that are our right now, and that we’re active in, and also Jonathan interestingly for the military bases in terms of the capital upgrade, one of the areas that has not been really identified in the past, has been area of storm water, it’s been water and wastewater and so, the legislation, we believe allows the military bases to utilize us for the storm water services, but there has been a question about clarification. And I’ll tell you that there has been, out of for example the House Armed Services Committee as well as some of the Senates they said this was intended so we are working to get clarifying language so that on the bases we serve, we would have an additional opportunity to help them address their needs from a storm water standpoint. So we see that as a potential opportunity in the future.
Walter Lynch: And this is -- yes this is Walter, these are two great examples but our AMI strategy we are looking further opportunities across our footprint, because as Susan said the benefits to our customers are huge and that is what we want to drive in the business.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Jonathan, Walter we think we got a fair rate case order of the commission, we will work them to address customer issues in the states like we're anywhere else. And we feel positive about the future in West Virginia, the infrastructure mechanism that we just proposed last week is a positive step forward and it's can allow us to continue to invest and invest more into the infrastructure in West Virginia. So, it's a positive for us and for our customers.
Walter Lynch: Yes, that's accurate, Jonathan. I mean it's a big plant but within our capital program it's not significant. So, it's all going to be within the same four to five year period.
Walter Lynch: Yes we're going to have to build the facility and again the facility is going to be delayed for about a year, and we're working with the commission to mitigate that by moving these other components forward, but right now we're looking at probably starting construction in mid to late 2018.
