Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. American Water's stated purpose is to keep life flowing and that means for our customers, our communities and our planet. We also have 5 values that we measure ourselves by, and those are safety, trust, environmental leadership, teamwork and high performance. Living by these values actually constitutes a full 50% of our employee performance plans and individual employee ratings. These values match up nicely with the goals of our investors interested in ESG principles and measures. We agree that the hows are just as important as the whats. While we have always focused on ESG principles as the way we should run our business, we have not done a good job communicating our efforts as well as we should have. You told us you wanted to hear more, so you will. Following the third quarter, we will share quarterly updates on ESG metrics that are important to our company and our investors. We look forward to your feedback on these. We know that being a good corporate citizen and environmental leader and a role model for sustainability is more than metrics or communication campaign. It's ensuring that we leave our children and grandchildren a healthy planet and the natural resources that we enjoy today. It means developing solutions to issues before they become problems. It means keeping our employees and our customers safe from harm. It's providing a workplace where every employee is respected and developed to his or her fullest potential. It means building strong communities where we serve and meeting and exceeding the expectations of our customers. So we close with a snapshot of just some of the things that others outside of our company are saying about our efforts. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Julien, that's a great question. So I will take Keystone first and then talk about the sale of CSG and then more broadly our views and philosophy around the Market-Based Businesses. So in the Keystone and Appalachian Basin, we are continuing to see of a firm market, strong year for revenues. As Linda said, through the first half of the year, it is accretive. For example, our 2 biggest businesses in Keystone water transfer, we have steady work continuing. We're continuing to try to hire more employees. Rig count has slightly decreased for the past few months, and so we're looking at that, but we're still seeing robust activity there. And in the oil and gas construction for pipelines, we're seeing consistent bid opportunities, increased infrastructure planning for 2018 and 2019. So in terms of the business there, as you know, there are a lot of takeaway pipeline capacities that are still under construction that will be very helpful for the Appalachian Basin compared to Henry hub, as you're very aware of. So Keystone continues to be in a good market, and we continue to monitor the market there and look at our main businesses and how we optimize those businesses. In terms of how the CSG sale, we've mentioned in the past that our Contract Services Group, and to remind everyone, this is where we run systems for other people where municipalities or industrials actually maintain the assets, we run the business. It's a much more competitive business. There are a lot more players in the market like Veolia, SUEZ, different people. And as we looked at our Market-Based segment and started looking at buying Pivotal, the growth of Homeowner Services, how well Homeowner's doing and your earlier point about ensuring that Market-Based is predominantly 15% or less of our portfolio through 2022, we've mentioned before that it could get up to 20%, but we were very clear that would have to be very regulated like, and currently about the only business in Market-Based that we see that would fit that profile is the Military Services Group. So as we look at the business and the focus on that business and the time and effort to run it, we thought that Veolia could actually run that business better than we could, and we reached an agreement with them to buy the majority of the contracts. We -- there were 10 that they did not buy. 4 of them, we're keeping because they're in proximity to our service areas, and there is very strong community relationships there. The others, 4 of the others, there are other buyers who had first rights in many cases and 2 of them will terminate in the next 12 months. So this is an effort to, as you say, prune the Market-Based Businesses. And I've kind of alluded to then the general philosophy, which is, at our core, we are a regulated utility. When we tell you and tell the Street that we want to keep that part of the business at 15% or less and we grow parts of the business, we, of course, will always look and say, so what are the parts that we think further leverage the core competencies that we have as a water and wastewater company.
Susan Story: So Rich, that's a great question. As a company, of course, our growth projections we give, the five year, based on growth within our service area, we do have a corporate business development group. We are always looking across the country at other states, opportunities, but as I think we have mentioned before, we have three kind of gates before we would look at going into a new state. The first one is looking at the regulatory environment, the second one is the business environment or business climate and the third one tends to be the one that is the most difficult, which is do we see a line of sight to get to at least 50,000 customers within five years. Why that's important to us? You hear Walter and Linda talk all the time about the O&M efficiency. We're very proud of the chart we put up that showed that our O&M cost, the adjusted that's used in the calculation for O&M efficiency and we have a reconciliation table in the appendix, but that calculation, our O&M costs are less today than they were in 2012. Our reputation being able to do investment that's desperately needed in systems is dependent on being able to also help offset a portion of those impacts to customer bills by reducing O&M costs. What we find is, if we don't have enough customers to get a critical mass, then we're not able to make the investments, we're not able to get some of the economies of scale. So we find that, that third element of ensuring that we can grow to about 50,000 customers in five years tends to be the one that is our biggest hurdle. So with that said, we are always looking at every state in the nation, we are always looking at opportunities, and we are always looking at a chance to grow and to provide our expertise to as many people across the country as we can.
Susan Story: That's a great question, Rich. So again, for water investor-owned utilities, I think that, of course, the answer is yes. And predominantly, Eversource with their acquisition of Aquarion, and I'm sure that all of you are keeping up with what's going on with the merger between San Jose, Connecticut Water, and then Eversource's bid for Connecticut Water and Cal Walter's bid for San Jose. So I think that's the main thing that we're seeing. And again outside of that, as we look at our strategy of buying municipalities that are between 3,000, 5,000 and 30,000, those are relatively small for someone to break into an industry. They also typically are in areas contiguous to where we're already located, we have name brands in those areas, we have people in communities. So for that area, we don't see as much because first of all, these acquisitions of distressed municipalities take, as Walter showed in his slides, years to cultivate relationships because when municipalities are buying, yes, price is a big deal, but they also want to make sure that their citizens have the best service possible and are taken care of, and that they don't have to worry about emerging contaminants and that they have professionals running the system. So what we find is, for that particular market that we focus on, it's more difficult for someone who is not in our industry to break into them.
Susan Story: That's a great question, Rich. And answer is yes, we are. And so to back up for those that may not be quite as familiar, when you buy a base, there's typically work that goes on, it's mostly -- it's working capital predominantly. Then we have an operating. Once you win a base, you have a 50-year contract to operate on that base water and wastewater. Then as you mentioned, it is buying new bases or doing capital upgrades on the bases. The reason that we've seen the Military Group for us over the past 2, 3 years be a little soft is because of that third category. When the Department of Defense went through 3 or 4 years of sequestration, their budgets decreased significantly. They didn't have as much money for fixed capital upgrades for infrastructure. The money they did have they put in more of the war fighter training and those areas. With sequestration lifted a year or so ago, we're starting to see a little more flow. It will take a bit of time for that to kind of trickle down to providing money for the infrastructure once they've met the other needs. But you're exactly right, that we have, I think, 8 RFPs outstanding for bases. There is a chance that 3 will actually be awarded this year, and we see the rest of them being awarded over the next 3 to 4 years, as you said. We also -- there are 2 to 3 that we're looking at putting in RFPs. And to remind you, we typically only focus on the medium- to larger-size bases. Those are the ones that are worth more of our effort with our size, and that tends to be $250 million or higher for a 50-year contract value. So yes, we do see opportunity, specifically, in the Army and the Air Force. And we actually last November hired a new President of our Military Services Group, General David Turner, who had recently retired as the General from the Army, and so we're very bullish on that part of our business. We like that it is regulated like, and we do, as you mentioned, see opportunity down the road for that.
Susan Story: Thank you, Brandon. And thank you all for participating in our call today. Again, please note we value you as our investor-owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your questions or you think of something lighter, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. Thanks, again, for listening.
