Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. As you all know, this is Susan Story’s last earnings call with American Water, and I wanted to take this opportunity to reflect on her tenure with us.  For me, it’s been an absolute honor to work with Susan over the past six years as CEO and the year before that as CFO. She cares deeply about our people, our customers and our communities. Her commitment to do well by doing good has led to so many of our successes.  There are too many accomplishments to name, but I will note that her commitment to the health and safety of our employees has been extraordinary. Susan always lives up to the company’s strong values, especially safety. Nothing has mattered more. She cares about every single employee in our company and constantly reminds us that every employee should go home to their families in the same or better shape in which they came to work.  We’ve had a 63% reduction in overall OSHA recordable injury rates and a 72% reduction in the serious injury rate since she became CEO. Our goal is have to zero injuries, and we’re working to make that a reality. During Susan’s tenure, American Water became the first and continues to be the only water utility in the S&P 500, the Dow Jones Utility Average, and the Philadelphia Utilities Index. Additionally, our six-year total shareholder return is 230.8%, market capitalization increased from $8.6 billion in May of 2014 to over $25 billion currently, and our dividend growth compound annual growth rate over the past six years is 10.2%. Susan has been instrumental in guiding us on our current journey as a people power culture and a customer-obsessed organization with a strong commitment to environmental leadership, water quality, operational excellence and growth. Our entire leadership team is deeply committed to the execution of our strategies and our company values. Susan, on behalf of all employees at American Water, thank you so much.
Walter Lynch: Just to add a little bit to that, Susan, we treat in each of our states to the health advisory level of 70 parts per trillion unless the state has a more stringent requirement and then we treat to that, such as California and New Jersey and New York. That’s how we address it, but as Susan said, we are working with the EPA to make sure that we put our views in there about what we think the MCL should be, and it’s going to take, I think, some time for the EPA to go through the testing protocols to determine the MCL. But we’re going to continue, again, to treat it to 70 parts per trillion or less if the state has a more stringent requirement.
Walter Lynch: Yes, I think that’s going to be just part of the pie as far as opportunities for us to provide solutions for communities. If they have issues with PFAS and they’re looking at the cost to treat that or other options, maybe shutting down their facility and tying into ours, I think it does provide opportunities for us, yes.
Walter Lynch: Hey Durgesh, it’s Walter. Yes, we’re progressing as expected on that, and we said we’ll probably close at the end of this year or the beginning of 2021. But it is progressing as expected.
Walter Lynch: Hey Michael, it’s Walter. We’re happy in each of the states where we’re operating, and as far as being treated fairly, I think we’re being treated fairly in the states where we operate, so I’m not going to really comment on the authorized ROEs or the earned ROEs in any of the states. We’re very happy where we’re operating. I think going forward, it’s part of our culture to look at every dollar in our business, and that’s, I think, what sets us apart. If you look at the O&M efficiency improvements that we’ve had, every dollar that we spend, our teams are out challenging, do we need to spend that dollar, is there a benefit to our customers, so it’s that culture that I think is driving our O&M efficiency in the right way.  I think we’re going to continue to leverage technology. Technology has been a key enabler for us and will continue to be a key enabler going forward, making our employees more efficient, providing better service for our customers, so we’re going to continue to leverage that as we move forward as well. 
Walter Lynch: No, we just filed for it, but the expectation would be that the cost of capital would be in place for this year and next year if we get it approved.
Walter Lynch: Yes, there has not been any official decision on it, so it’s just our filing in the hopes that we can delay it for a year.
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s part of the filing, is working with them and putting our views out there, but they have not officially made a decision on it.
Susan Story: Thank you Walter. I want to thank all of you on this call, investors, analysts and other stakeholders who have been part of this remarkable journey I’ve had with this amazing company. I’ve enjoyed all the moments we’ve spent together, whether on non-deal road shows, our individual visits, earnings calls, investor days - you name it. I appreciate the rigor and discipline that you require of us to ensure the best finance future for your clients. I hope you know that now and tomorrow, this company and its leaders take very seriously our responsibility to stewardship of the trust you put into us so that you can, as one of our investors described to me, make us your, quote, swan stock or your sleep well at night stock. I know that you realize that this company and our continuing results are a product of almost 7,000 incredible employees led by the best executive team in the country. All that we have done is reflective of thousands of hours of honest discussion, vigorous debate, long and short-term strategizing, and action planning from all of us.  Walter has been a critical key leader for this company for almost two decades, and his experience and steady hand will successfully guide this company into the coming years. I’m also thankful I’ve had the opportunity to work with two of the best CFOs in the entire utility industry, first Linda Sullivan and now Susan Hardwick, and to top it off you have Institutional Investor Magazine Sales Side Analyst Choice for the Best IR VP in Utilities, Ed Vallejo and his entire team providing continuing expertise to ensure that you and your clients get the information you need to make your best decisions, which we think is us, of course. So thanks to all of you for everything, and with that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Julien, that’s a great question, and I will start and then Walter can pick up after this. Let me take the first one about the military bases, because as we know that a majority of the source of PFAS are firefighting foam and many military installations through the years, of course, doing exercises and those type things tend to have a concentration. The Department of Defense is actively working at its bases to determine if and whether they have issues. We have, as you noted, already done work on two of our military bases. We have been working on PFAS for well over a decade. We’re able to treat it successfully - we’ve done so at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey, for example, so we’re working with the bases that we serve in order to help look at what do they have, and then we feel certain that we’re able to treat those. Remember that with military bases, we can with the newer bases actually every year, instead of every two years, go in, look at the assets, look at something above and beyond what we bid on to begin with, and we have the ability to change those O&M contracts to recover those costs. From that standpoint, we’ll be working on that over the next several months to work with those bases to do that. The second thing about the EPA and the updated target, keep in mind that the EPA has two classifications. One is called maximum contaminant level, and there’s close to 100 contaminants that they basically say, this is the regulation, you must meet these. Then, they have something called a health advisory that actually doesn’t have the weight of required adherence to that. Believe it or not, PFAS is actually not an MCL, or maximum contaminant level, it’s a health advisory, and right now they’re looking at 70 parts per trillion - that’s what they have. What they’re looking at doing is codifying that and making it an MCL so that they do have the weight of required compliance behind it. There is a lot of questions, as you said, about levels, and we’re seeing the different states, New Jersey for example has a 13 or 14 parts per trillion based on the type of PFA it is. We’re seeing New York look at it, California is looking at it, several states are. We at American Water are working closely with the EPA, very closely. We think it’s better to have one for the entire country. We can treat to whatever level is needed. It is an expense issues as we go through there, plus some capital investment in how we treat that, so it is a growing field, it is a field in which we believe we have tremendous expertise. We’re an advisor to the EPA on this issue, and we will be--as we go down this road and we look at what the finalization of these targets are, we can look at what impact that would have to our investment levels as well as what would it have to O&M.
Susan Story: It’s considered to be part of the normal capex we do. When you look at the chart, for example, and you look at water quality, it falls into the piece of the pie for water quality. As we go forward and we look at the magnitude of what the requirements could be, it could either take a bigger piece of the pie or we could move to make the pie bigger. It just depends on the magnitude.
Susan Story: And when you see the employee-related expense, actually this is something that we are very positive about. If you remember, we reached an agreement with our unions last year and we include all of our union represented employees, which is about 47%, 48% of our employees, into our annual performance plan with bonuses based on the performance of the company. 2019 was the first year, the first full year that we actually had that accrual for all of the union-represented employees, so the majority of those employee-related costs are based on that. That’s why year-over-year it looks higher, because that’s an additional cost.
Susan Story: You know, one thing that was interesting, I was reading our supply chain report from year end 2019, and they track something called total cost of ownership, that looks at from negotiations, from us being able to use volume procurement, they call it a total cost of ownership. We actually last year almost saved $80 million just in supply chain from that area called total cost of ownership, and I think that is a good representative of what Walter’s talking about, in addition to our folks and the technology, just leveraging our size, scope and scale and being smart on supply chain.
Susan Story: Well, I’ll send you my personal email, so we have to do college football season between Notre Dame and Auburn.
Susan Story: Thank you Chuck. Thanks again to all of you for participating in our call today. Please know that we value you as our investor-owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock.  If we’ve not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, you know you can always call Ed and Ralph and they’ll be happy to help.  Thanks again for listening, and thank you so much for the past seven years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Let me just pile on here - congratulations, truly. It’s been a pleasure and more importantly I wish you all the best in the adventures to come.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Perhaps just to turn it back to our regularly tuned program here, if I can, I appreciate the commentary. If we can talk about PFAS in brief, and I want to break this into a couple different pieces, first with respect to military sites, I know you guys have been obviously very involved for a while. Does PFAS start to change the opportunity set for your existing sites, and secondly, does it change the opportunity set for incremental sites and/or accelerate those opportunities in terms of bases that may or may not be looking at opportunities, including yourselves?  Then separately, coming back to PFAS more holistically, I know EPA is looking at setting perhaps updated targets, and to what extent could either state or, more importantly, federal level efforts, and I know a lot of the specific states you guys operate in already have been looking at or have already instituted more specific and stringent targets, does that change the name of the game? I know we talked about this a few months ago at your analyst day, but again even in that short brief time, it seems like the conversation has evolved.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Just a quick follow-up - does that change the municipal acquisition opportunity as best you see it with that triggering--? Sorry to follow up, I know it’s a lot of questions.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning Susan and team. Just want to echo everyone else’s remarks - congrats. Definitely going to miss you, and hopefully the Tigers treat you well in your retirement.
Jonathan Reeder: Definitely. You might come out on top on most of that.  Two questions from me. First off, Walter, maybe this one is for you. The California cost of capital update, has the public advocate’s office weighed in officially with the CPUC in regards to your request, or have you had any [indiscernible] application here in the next few months.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, great. Thanks so much, and again Susan, enjoy the off time, and definitely look forward to staying in touch.
