M. Hardwick: Yes. Good questions, Rich. I think first on the rate case, I would say probably just where we are in the process. I'd say settlement is probably unlikely at this stage. And as Cheryl, I think, outlined, we would expect some activity by the Commission here in the next probably several weeks, and then we'll wrap that case up later in the summer. So I don't expect to settle at this point. And again, we're pleased with where we are in the process related to that case.  On fair market value, lots going on, obviously there, and we'll continue to watch those activities. And obviously, we're involved in discussions around any potential changes that may get made. I think in terms of what impact some of those changes may have on community's interest in selling, I think it's just wait and see. I think so many of these communities need the help, and we're quite confident in our ability to help them. And I think our focus always is on coming up with the right solution for these communities, and we'll continue to do that. So we'll certainly work with whatever framework that is provided to us by regulators and legislators in this respect. 
M. Hardwick: Yes, Angie, it's a good question. And again, we remain very confident in our plans, both in terms of how we execute them and the regulatory process that supports the work that we're doing in the State of Pennsylvania. There's just tremendous need in the State of Pennsylvania as there is in many of the jurisdictions that we operate in. So our focus on investment is really around the need for infrastructure improvement and we'll continue to do that work. I think the Pennsylvania case is a great example of that. We spent over $1 billion or will have spent over $1 billion in that case, and it's all focused on rate base growth. It is all focused on infrastructure renewal and replacement and the necessary work to be done in the State of Pennsylvania to bring these systems up to appropriate standards so that we can consistently provide safe and reliable water service.  So we're -- again, we remain very confident in our plan and our ability to navigate the regulatory arena. And there is, of course, some observation around the speed with which we're filing these cases, and I think it is directly tied to the pace of our spend. We've really increased the level of spend, again, driven by the need. And when you really look at the time line of this case, it's really not much different than other water peers in the state of Pennsylvania. We may be ahead just a bit by than our nearest competitor in the state, but not by much in terms of pace. And so I don't think it's that unusual. And again, it's all driven by the need for investment and the work that we're doing to improve the quality of service in the State of Pennsylvania. 
M. Hardwick: Yes. I think it's probably a fair assumption to say that all of this is getting a bit tied together. The landscape around the potential legislative changes in fair market value, I think, do sort of spill over into the rate case analysis a bit. And to be clear, we included in this case, acquisitions that we have approved and expected to close during this period of time. And so as the commission sorts through that, obviously, they've got to take into consideration the status of those acquisitions and their findings in the case, which we would fully expect them to do.  I think on a go-forward basis, we wouldn't expect there to be really any change in how we consider acquisitions in future rate cases. 
M. Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. Cheryl, you want to talk about any preliminary thoughts we have about potential water usage in some of these large data center moves. 
M. Hardwick: We do think it probably helps a bit that we now have the final rules out. We've been working on this particular angle for quite some time even before the final rule was published. So now that the final rule is here, that sort of eliminates one reason why legislators didn't want to take this issue up. If they were waiting to see what the final rule was, and that was sort of an excuse to not address this issue, I think that's been removed from their list of reasons not to move. So hopefully, that helps, and we'll see continued movement here. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, I would just add that we're working really hard on the legislative front to get the language fixed so that we are protected from those CERCLA rules, and we'll continue down that path. We've had lots of conversations with EPA around this, and their intent is not for us to be impacted by that, but those conversations will continue until we get to a solution that we're all really comfortable with. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Gregg, we haven't seen a big uptake in the amount of water that our customers are asking for related to the data center moves at all. So we're thinking that's a minimal impact for us unlike our electric utility peers. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, sure. So there has been legislation filed both on the Senate and the House side that it's the Water Systems PFAS Liability Act. On the house side, it's 7944 and I'm trying to see -- I don't have the Senate number, but this act would help protect us along with some other industries as a passive receiver and so we work really hard on both sides of the aisle all the time to connect with our legislators and also educate them on the real issues at hand. We've had some really great conversations on the Hill and are hopeful that this still will continue to move forward both in the House and the Senate, so that we can push this forward. And I think you would just watch for the key things like getting out of committee, getting a floor vote. And so we'll continue to push that forward and update you in these calls as things unfold there. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. It's not tied to anything else except to try to protect passive users or passive receivers from this liability. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. I think it's impossible to anticipate the timeline. We would love to say it will be all completed by the next couple of months, but it could take much longer. The political process is really challenging at times. So we think we've got good support, and we'll continue to push on it as fast as we can, but there's just no timeline for it. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. And in addition, the EPA said that they want to be able to use discretion. So part of this is some discretionary flexibility for them because they did not intend by designating these compounds as hazardous substances that it would apply to water and wastewater utilities. So they're planning to use discretion, but we think it's a much tighter protection to have this legislation. So we'll continue to pursue that in addition to working with EPA. 
