Susan Hardwick: Thanks Cheryl. Turning to our final slide, slide 16. And before we begin Q&A, I want to comment further on our announcement of the hiring of a CFO. As I'm sure you saw yesterday, we announced that John Griffith will be joining American Water as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective May 16. John comes to us from Bank of America and brings more than 25 years of industry knowledge and financial and transactional expertise. I personally know John and his capabilities, he is very talented and will bring the right skills at the right time to help American Water continue its journey of strategic execution, and delivery of superior results. As John joins us, our senior executive team is now fully in place. If you recall, Jim Gallegos, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel joined us on April 1 of this year, Jim brings nearly 20 years of regulated general counsel expertise and is already integrating nicely into the organization. We are thrilled to have both John and Jim on board now. As I've said before, I'm confident in the plan that we have in place to grow this business. And I'm confident we have the right teams in place throughout our states at the basis we serve, and here in our corporate office to achieve our goals in 2022 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Susan Hardwick: Well, we certainly think that is going to contribute to issues that municipals will face. We haven't seen any specific opportunities pop-up because of that. But we do know that those are factors that will weigh heavily on some of these communities and their analysis and assessment of their opportunity to sell to American Water. And Cheryl, anything to add from your perspective on that.
Susan Hardwick: Well, Ryan, I think relative to expectations this quarter was right on target. As we said, in the call, we did have a couple of timing items, not terribly material. But really what drove the quarter was revenue associated with all the regulatory proceedings that we've been in the process of executing. And if you recall, the largest piece of that is the Pennsylvania rate increase that was effective January 28 of 2021. So this year, of course, reflects a full quarters worth of revenues associated with that increase. And obviously, that was a big driver year-over-year for the quarter. So again, the quarter for us was a very good one, but it reflected full execution on our plan, and really met our expectations. And as we said, our expectations for the year remain the same. We're very confident about our ability to deliver on the plan we have laid out for ‘22.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, not a whole lot to add. Not much new from our side on that. But I'll let Cheryl make a couple comments there.
Susan Hardwick: I'd say generally, yes. In certain of our jurisdictions, we have seen certainly more competition here in the northeast, we continue to believe that we are the preferred provider and should be, we have the scale and the scope necessary to address many of the issues that these municipals face. And we have the expertise that we've demonstrated in a number of transactions throughout our service territory that really proves that, in fact, we are the best provider in all of these situations. So certainly more competition. But we remain very confident in our ability to deliver the needed services for some of these communities that need help.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. Obviously, there's still lots of impacts being felt throughout the economy. And we certainly are not immune to that. Although, I would say we're in a better position than most just given our size and scale and our ability to sort of mass purchase products that we need. There are some supply chain bottlenecks, I'd say around certain items that we use, but we've actually seen a bit of an improvement in the supply. And some of those critical items, we've seen price increases, but we've actually seen the rate of those increases start to slow down a bit, which is a positive sign. And again, just given our size and scale, we've certainly been able to manage through that so far. And we'll continue to focus on all things we can do to help mitigate those impacts and ultimately, the impacts to customers.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. I would just tell you that our current regulatory schedule, or activity is really according to our plan. We have signaled, I think for some time that you can expect us to be in the regulatory arena regularly. And certainly on our larger stage, every two to three years, we would expect to be in for general rate increases every two to three years. And I think that's reflective, also of just the level of capital spending. As you know, we have increased our spend trajectory in this last plan update we did in November. So that just again, underscores our approach to regulatory recovery, and the cycle on which we will execute that. I think it's also important to note that we have very effective mechanisms in many of our jurisdictions. And I think we're somewhere in the 65% range or so of our spend gets recovered through those mechanisms, which certainly helps on the regulatory lag side, from an earnings perspective, and helps the customer I think, sort of better plan for rate increases coming their way. So we take advantage of all those things and use those as effectively as we can to execute on the strategy. Now, long answer to your question. Short answer is, it is according to the plan, and we've continued to execute according to that plan.
