Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Going to Slide 15, so besides EPS of $2.15 to $2.25 per share, what can you expect from us in this next year? First and foremost, we will maintain the same customer-centric dedication to providing safe, reliable water and wastewater services. We'll also continue to stay very active on the public policy and regulatory front, promoting constructive regulatory frameworks and continuing to address regulatory lag that impacts our return on investment. We plan to resolve 3 rate cases in the course of the year and file up to 4 general rate cases, as well as infrastructure surcharge filings. We will also continue our focus on operational efficiency and bolstering a culture of continuous improvement, effectively managing costs and leveraging processes and technology to create value. So the implementation of the SAP platform is an example. That is going to provide us greater transparency into our cost drivers. And the impact of the best practices that we will be able to study and understand that we have in one state and be able to transfer that to the rest of our operations. This will help us approve our regulated O&M efficiency ratio and meet our 5-year goal of having it below 40% in 2015, 1 or 2 years early. You can expect that we'll also continue to invest approximately $900 million to upgrade our systems, with the goal always being to balance these needed investments to ensure reliability with our concomitant rate impacts. Realizing savings and efficiencies from our supply chain initiatives will help us achieve greater efficiency of capital spend so we generate more dollar for each -- more value for each dollar invested. And there's just a fascinating array of examples that we have on the supply chain side of where we're finding opportunities. On our market-based businesses, we're focused on new offerings in existing markets and product and market line extensions. For example, we have now successfully piloted a program to provide gas and electric line protection programs, and we'll be rolling these out to existing customers of our water and service line protection products. We've also expanded homeowner services into more states and expect to have operations in 39 states by the end of the year. And we have a growing pipeline of additional military bases slated for privatization, though we recognize that this is not a fast process, as it usually takes 18 to 20 months for anyone to go from a bid to contracting stage. Finally, we also anticipate additional extensions in our regionalization strategy to help serve shale gas development in the Marcellus area. We will also continue to leverage technology and innovation through our innovation development process, which we've talked about in the past, and we'll look to commercialize these offerings. Recall that this innovation development process effectively creates a testbed where we can look at taking emerging technologies, allow them to be demonstrated in the hands-on environment of an operating utility. In return for doing that, and obviously, we control it through its process, we will have the opportunity to take an interest in that business and also to help ensure that we can deploy that technology effectively through our regulated and market-based operations. So in 2012, we did a lot of work leveraging the interdependency between water and energy. Earlier this year, we signed a joint development arrangement with a company that developed a standardized communications platform that creates interoperability among any meter manufacturers. In addition to seamlessly integrating different types of meters, this platform is able to receive many kinds of data from the water distribution network, including pressure, water quality, leak detection and flow, and not just meter data. This creates a powerful tool for meter reading and billing but also for the collection of real-time system data so that we can better manage and operate the distribution network, detect leaks and the like. Now this is just an example of the prospects we see coming from the innovation development process. We will also continue to offer the scale, scope and efficiency of American Water's operational water resource, environmental, supply chain and capital management expertise to other utilities through tuck-ins and acquisitions, as well as well-structured long-term market-based arrangements. All of our 2013 targets will anchor our long-term EPS growth range goal of 7% to 10%. We're pleased with the performance that we achieved in 2012 coming on the heels of also another great year in 2011, and we look to continue that momentum in 2013. With that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Very good question. What Susan brings to the table is, one, senior roles in a much larger company that has strong multistate experience. And her breadth of experience goes from everything, from all of the fundamental services that have financial impacts like supply chain and IT, et cetera, to the running of a business and the reporting of a CFO to her through that process, to being part of that management team and the financial acumen that she developed both through her school, through schooling, as well as through the roles that she had, which included oversight over a number of different functions, everything from the marketing and the derivative issues associated with that to rates. And what I think you'll find with Susan is that she is a very well-known commodity in the regulatory community with exceptionally high marks. And so it's that breadth that she brings, and I would say that, that breadth we're able to utilize because of the strength of the financial team that we have inside the company. Bill Rogers and Mark Chesla highlight really that -- our 2 key folks, bring enormous capacity and capability in the controllers function, and Mark is moving to be the Principal Accounting Officer. And in Bill's case, not just capital markets but also -- because that's second nature to him because of his background, but he also brings a strategic acumen. So I don't think about finance as a functional, narrow silo. I think about finance as a resource that enables the business to be the best that it can be. And the broader base the experience of the people that are in that area, the better able they are able -- they can provide that value while we also make sure that we've got the necessary and appropriate controls, accounting mechanisms and visibility, transparency into the financials of the company.
Jeffry E. Sterba: My succession plans are not even my subject, that's the board's. So what my objective is to ensure that when we have the opportunities to expand our skill sets, strengthen our bench, that we exercise those opportunities because they don't come around very often. And I think through a number of the hirings that we've done in the last 1.5 years, 2 years, probably with the exception of maybe them deciding to hire me, we've had great success. From Bill Rogers coming in as Treasurer, to a person that we hired, brought in recently to head supply chain who's got a wealth of experience as VP of supply chain in many companies from pharma to telecom, to the individual we've got running our continuous improvement in process excellence, Lean Six Sigma, to a new head of HR. In each of these cases, we have, I believe, enhanced our bench strength that gives us the ability to look at succession in a different way for a lot of positions. So I had the luxury of never being able to hold a job for about more than 18 months because I just kept getting moved to different things. And the result was I learned a lot about a lot of different pieces. That makes an executive much more effective, I think, particularly at the senior level. So to have people that have that broad-based experience, for Walter that have operated in the competitive world and now operate in the regulated world, that gives great exposure and experience to both of those markets which are different. So anytime we have the opportunity to enhance and strengthen our bench, I'm all for it.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Let me add just one thing. If you think about -- the way I look at it, obviously, I weren't around, when they had the foresight to take this action as early as they did, so we've picked up the benefit of this for our customers for now really going back to 2005, so 8 years. If you think about it, when you flow through something, yes, it flows through your income statement but it also flows through the rate-making treatment for that year. When you normalize it, it goes over time to the shareholder and to the customer, so it links the 2. For us, given that NOL position, if we flowed through, yes, you may get a bump in earnings in 1 year, but then you're going to reduce in the following year when you have the rate case occur. And for us, we operate in 16 states having a policy that works across all states, has worked well. We'll always take a look at new approaches. But what doesn't sound very attractive to me is to give the cash back to customers when we can't get the cash from the IRS for another 10 years because we've got the NOL carryforwards that are already keeping us from being a cash tax payer except for AMT. So for me, that's the real issue. If we were in a different tax position and didn't have the benefit of that NOL position, I may have a different approach to it.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, and it's what keeps us from having to issue other instrument that would be dilutive to your earnings.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And I will tell you, we are looking at whether some of that should be advanced into a tighter period but it will be $220 million over no more than 3 years.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Let me address the dividends and have Ellen address that relative to the credit metrics. From the dividend side, our philosophy and belief is that -- because it's always a trade-off between what are you -- how you can invest that cash and how you can return that cash and the balance between the 2, is that we have targeted a payout ratio in the 50% to 60% range and to have the dividend grow at something close to what our rate of increase in earnings per share is. If you look at the early years after the company came back into the public markets, the dividend probably lagged a little bit. And so we took a step of an additional increase last year. We're now frankly a little below the 50% payout ratio and the yield has gone down as our stock has been bid up. We view that positively but we also will look at that long-term philosophy of paying 50% to 60% relative to how we go about dividend decisions in 2013 and forward.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And just to reinforce what Ellen said, our focus there is on cash, not cap structure. It's not that we don't look at cap structure, we do, but it used to be that you had to really focus on cap structure and think about getting to a 50-50 or what have you to be in the BBB+ or to move up into the A category. I think the rating agencies in one sense are more focused and smarter about what they really ought to be looking at is cash flow and the security of that cash flow, while you have boundaries around the cap structure that probably aren't as tight as they were before. So we're not focused on thickening the equity ratio for the sole purpose of getting an increase in rate. It's just that there's just not value there. But all the things we're doing to drive cash flow improvement, those will have the same impact, we believe, with the rating agencies.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I think there used to be some analysts who are always nervous that we're going to issue equity to thicken the equity ratio, and that's just not -- we see no need to do that.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Relative to our market-based businesses, it's a small but important and growing part of our business. We demonstrated 16% increase year-over-year to '12, and I think it was higher than that in '11 to '12 -- I mean '10 to '11. So it's an important part of the business but it's not going to grow to be 30% of the business. It would have to grow exceptionally rapidly to just double its impact on our bottom line. We're focused on red light kinds of things. So certainly the businesses that we're in, which include the military services, the homeowner services, a revamped contract services group as we've talked about how we are not going to participate in the old traditional kinds of short-term based contract services groups, plus doing more frankly on the waste management side. As we expand in wastewater, we see more opportunities in solid waste management, and I don't mean trash, I mean the solid that come from wastewater, as well as reuse, which is effectively using the liquids that come from wastewater. So those we view -- I think about it in terms of logical business line extensions. At the same time, one of the things that we went out and said very early on was we're going to make sure that we get very good inside before we ever try to take anything outside. Because otherwise, it's a great recipe to get bad bigger -- bigger bad, and not get better. And so as we've increased, for example, our supply chain capability, is that something that we could also bring to the benefit of customers that are utilities, municipal utilities, that don't have access to the things we do, does it open other doors for us? Those are things that we'll explore, but I wouldn't -- I don't expect there to be any dramatic change in our risk profile, in the way that we think about the balance of our Regulated Business versus our competitive business. But do expect that, that focus on excellence will give us -- will open doors for what I'll call business line extensions, where you have adjacent opportunities rather than completely new opportunities.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think from day 1, or at least when I came, I kind of expressed the sentiment that a number of my senior level cohorts here had, which is this is a slow market to develop. It reminded me of the old fuel cell issue, that fuel cells will be here in 5 years, but it's always another 5 years. But I do believe that it's changed some because of the persistency -- the persistence of the financial issue. And whether it's driven by pension, whether it's just driven by the lack of revolving fund access from the federal government, the shrinking of that pot, the almost complete dearth of grants from the federal government, and states being in the same situation, I think communities are having to face a different set of challenges. And if they're interested in having someone like us operate their systems and be a part of their community, we're going to be very interested in doing that, whether we do that under a acquisition, which is generally a preference on our side because it fits with what we do well, or it's done under a longer-term contract, we're willing to look at that. So I think there are more cracks. I mean, even in last year, we acquired some municipal systems. I expect that, that will happen this year. And so I think we'll see more, instead of the private tuck-ins, we'll see a little more on the municipal side. But it's still not going to be farm gates get opened.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, until you said the last phrase, it was a one-word answer. And so there's 2, the answer is yes, but no, I'm not going to tell you. Well, I don't mean to be funny or flip about it, but we do obviously have a number of targets that we focus on internally. They're not, they all -- they have caveats and they've got ties, and so it gets too complicated to try to explain all of those to the external market. But rest assured, we do have targets, and I feel good about the progress we'll continue to make on that front. And that we will beat the 40% by the end of '15 by 1 or 2 years.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me just thank you all for joining us today. I want to thank Ellen again for everything that she's done for the company. And I'm going to give her the last word.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thanks. Let me -- if I could just step back and give a little history on this. Let me start with the fact that we adopted this in 2008 on a system-wide, total company-wide basis. So we have had and will continue to have the cash benefit of this since 2008.
Ellen C. Wolf: Right, right. To the extent we could identify any of those generated losses to prior years, we were able to do that. We have created out of this, plus other things that have happened over the years such as bonus depreciation, we have an NOL on our books of about $1 billion. And our goal is around maximizing cash. So what we wanted to do, my run to the normalization is really match when the benefit is given to our customer with when we actually receive the benefit on our taxes. And because we have NOLs, most of that benefit will be in the future, and that's when we are matching it with when we give the benefit to our customer.
Ellen C. Wolf: I'd also add, you can see the benefit of our doing the repairs and maintenance in our cash flow, it continues to grow stronger every year. And that's important to us as a company. It's important to our customers because it allows us to invest more in the infrastructure. It's important to our shareholders and customers in the sense of it's very low-cost financing.
Ellen C. Wolf: Sure, well, what happens is you file a filing with the commission, so similar to New Jersey where -- to Pennsylvania where you have a surcharge on the bill, you would have a surcharge on the bill for every 6 months for your filing and what you're authorized to spend and approved to spend. And then when you file your rate case, that surcharge rolls up into the normal rates.
Ellen C. Wolf: A couple of things to note. Our cash flow continues to get much stronger. That has helped contribute to covering our capital and also our dividend. Our shareholder base looks at a combination of both growth in the stock and growth in the dividend, and we'll continue to look at dividend growth in terms of the right balance for our shareholders, as well as for the company so that we can reinvest that money back into the business. I'd also like to add that because of the strong cash flow that we've had and our known dividend policy, both rating agencies have put us on positive outlook. So we continue to see the benefit of our focus around this area.
Ellen C. Wolf: And if I could also add, just our equity ratio continues to strengthen based upon the strength of our earnings. So as of year end, we're a little bit above 44% equity where we started much lower 3 years ago.
Ellen C. Wolf: Well, thank you, and I also want to thank you and everyone on the phone for their continued support for American Water. It's a great company.
Ellen C. Wolf: Historically, what we've seen in terms of decline is about 1.5% to 2.5%. It's difficult to pull that out in any time frame, but in the off months, we do continue to see some decline.
Ellen C. Wolf: All right. With that, this is a first. I just, again, I want to thank each and every one of you who are listening to this call for your continued support of American Water, for your in-depth questions -- they've kept us on our toes -- and your continuing to push us as we become each year a better and better company, so thank you.
