Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Before taking questions, let me just close our discussion with the slide, remember that we presented this in January for the first -- this year on some of the things that we are striving to achieve in 2012, so you can track our progress. Now of course, that is all in addition to our target of earning $1.90 to $2 per share from continuing operations. While it's still fairly early in 2012, good progress is being made on all of these fronts. And I won't go back over them because we've discussed most of them already today. We're making solid progress in getting declining use and other regulatory-like items recognized by regulators. Our continuous process improvement efforts are really starting to take hold, and we're seeing increased opportunities in both our regulated- and market-based segment for customer growth, all of which lead us to continue to believe in our long-term growth prospects of 7% to 10% per year.  With the approximate 3% dividend yield, I believe we have committed to investors to providing a double-digit investment return under an investment thesis that's centered on investing in our country's structure.  Lastly, just a reminder that we'll be holding our annual meeting here in Voorhees and also online through our virtual stockholder meeting on Friday, May 11, next Friday. So we welcome your participation. And now, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I think the 150 basis points of regulatory lag is declining as we get discs in place and as we get declining usage built into place. Now obviously, the best approach is when you have an automatic adjustment mechanism. But in other states, like we've done in New Jersey, we have a future test year and then have forecasted 1 year forward in terms of consumption and then that's what's being put in. So by the time rates go into effect, they're recovering costs. You go 2 years and you start to still have more lag. So I think that 150 basis points is what we're trying to shrink. Do we ever get it to 0? Well, probably not. But if we can squeeze it down to 50 basis points, that's 100 basis points pickup. Plus in some of our jurisdictions, I'll use New York as an example, we have a dead band where we're allowed to earn above our allowed return for a little bit and then we start sharing excess, if there are any additional returns. So our goal is to drive it to 0. And we're not going to be satisfied til we get there. But you'll always have a little bit of friction. And on the parental debt, obviously, that percentage -- when I first came, it was about 125 basis points. It's already shrunk down to about 100 just because it's static and our total business is growing. And so that will continue to happen. But obviously, until something is done with that debt, it won't go to 0. It'll slowly migrate down to 75 basis points and lower.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. We started using this, frankly, at the Analyst Day 1 year ago, a little over 1 year ago, February of 2011. And its purpose is to conceptually present and there's no specific timeline because, frankly, we're in different parts of that curve or different parts of each of these curves today. So for example, on the ROE improvement, frankly, we're making more progress than -- we're making faster progress. Here's the way I think about it long term. We are investing $800 million to $1 billion of CapEx a year. Call it a mid-point of $900 million. That $900 million is offset by depreciation of about $300 million. So that's a net rate-based addition of about $600 million. As you add that into our existing rate base, we're driving 6% to 7% growth in earnings just off that fundamental driver. And that does not include, for example, acquisitions, new services, the value of efficiencies that we build in because we think about the efficiency as really creating headroom of add this capital. So that's where we're comfortable with the 7% to 10% growth rate is it's basically given -- the baseline of that comes from the investment strategy. Now the key is, obviously, could we recover that? And that's why the focus on efficiency because it gives us that headroom. Remember though, one of the kind of rules of thumb that we talk about is $1 of O&M has the same impact on rates as $6 of capital. But that $6 of capital generates $0.30 of earnings for you. So that's the way we think and work on how do we drive operational efficiency to create headroom for capital growth.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Okay. Obviously, we think about dividend as efficient use of capital decision in terms of what can we invest to continue to build the business and what's an appropriate cash return. As you know, our payout ratio has now drifted below 50% because of our strong earnings growth. And what we're seeing, obviously, is our dividend growth has been about 5% but our earnings growth has been substantively higher than that. That's something we're taking a hard look at as to what that appropriate mix on a go-forward basis. I think when the first company first came public, I think we used the payout ratio of 50% to 70% as a guideline. Frankly, that's fairly broad. We're obviously, now even a little bit below that. So we're taking a look at what's appropriate going forward. I think you'll see from us a little more specific conversation relative to the dividend and what our policy is going forward as we move forward through a little more time this year.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, I'd agree, Neil. The big thing that Ellen hit on and this is one of the things that, I think, you'll see is on the irrigation side. More people have not just gone to drip irrigation but now, they're starting to use sensors. And so I think we'll continue to see -- I think to begin house stuff, yes, you hit a point of diminishing returns. I think out of house that we probably see more potential for that. And that's why we're focused on making sure that we get appropriate mechanisms in place. At some point, does it level out? Yes, I would agree with you. But I don't think it's in the next -- we personally aren't expecting it in the next 3 to 5 years, let's say.
Jeffry E. Sterba: When you take a hard look through it, there's no capital that was disallowed. Costs were allowed. All of our operating costs, we got a 1-year forward look on declining usage. So in a sense, I think, making -- because some people will look just at the $98 million and the $30 million sale, you only got 1/3. Well, that's not really the appropriate comparison because of the O&M change, which is really a savings and you bet we're going to pass it on to customers, as well as the way that we approached the declining usage caused the size of the increase to look much larger than, for example, it has in prior years.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I don't think the disk really had much effect on it. I think this is one of the reasons why we are being much more active in communicating with our customers on issues around value of water. New Jersey has had a series of rate increases and it's because we hadn't done what needed to be done there for a while. And so I think that attracted a bit more attention, particularly in -- there's a couple of individuals who took the mantle up about just no rate increases. We understand that. I think the notion that this was a settled case with all of the major parties continues to speak well for a stable regulatory environment in the state of New Jersey. And it's -- obviously, it's a settlement we believe we not only live with but think it's fair and reasonable. I think the media coverage, because of some of the stir up, if you will, from a couple of folks in the political world, created more attention, if you will. Well, that's fine, we understand the concerns and we're going to continue to work with those folks to help them better understand why you have to invest and what that means to rate long term.
Jeffry E. Sterba: You've seen, Dave, I think, a flow of capital into Pennsylvania, into Missouri and now into New Jersey because that's what these mechanisms incent.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Kentucky also. Kentucky is also a future test year. So that has built in. Now a future test year in and of itself, it does not fully meet what we believe is necessary. But if you do a future test year plus a roll forward, we're getting pretty close. And that's what happened in New Jersey.
Jeffry E. Sterba: We have filed 2, 1 of which has already been resolved. And so it's kind of odd but it's a very small operation and we filed a notice and it has already been accepted and approved. So that's why we have only one outstanding.
Jeffry E. Sterba: What you find in those conversations, which I have found very helpful and interesting, is people are obviously have little different perspectives on the basis of what kind of a run they run, et cetera. But the fundamentals were predictable, stable and growing. And those are the 3 components that, I think, were common in all of the folks that we've talked to. And so that -- the effect to that is that is what we'll be guiding us going forward. Remember, when I say stable, that doesn't mean that you don't change at all, but it means that it's -- there's not a risk of it having to be cut, obviously. And the predictable really goes to the -- more of the notion that the dividend policy as opposed to what the specific dividend is. We had good conversations with different approaches that have been used by different firms. And I think you'll see from us an approach going forward that will be predictable, stable and growing.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Kevin, as you know, the dividend decision is a subject matter for the board and their action. I think what you'll see is something that fits those criteria of predictable, stable and growing. I'll tell you that I have a personal bias against things where you do 1x, whether it's big jumps or X dividends. Those are rare times when I think those kind of approaches are appropriate.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we meet often on all throughout the year. So no, we have not said when a specific decision. Our next declaration, I can't remember when the date is.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I guess, thank you for your continued interest and support with what we're doing at American Water and again, invite you to participate in our annual meeting and we look forward to seeing you down the road.
Ellen C. Wolf: Let me first address the drift and employee stock purchases. Last year, they provided about $5 million worth of cash for the company. So they are not huge providers of cash. And year to date, we've seen about $700,000 that's come in for the first quarter. So again, we're not seeing them as large inputs. As we have said, there won't be equity offering. We don't foresee one in 2012 because we had around $450 million come in as it relates to Arizona and New Mexico and another $60 million that came in as a result of our acquisition of New York and divestiture of Ohio to on May 1. So we have sufficient cash to get through this year. And we have not yet talked about the future years. But again, we're continuing to see our equity ratio improved and I should note that for the first quarter, actually, we moved up to 43% equity. We were at 42% as of yearend.
Ellen C. Wolf: What we're seeing is it's been sustainable for a long period of time. We would expect it to continue as a lot of the areas that we serve are older areas. And so over time, their homes continue to take out the older appliances and put in the newer appliances. We have seen it start to flatten only in a very, very few places. And again, as you talk about more water-efficient devices, we've now seen that move to the outdoors, so more watering devices have become more efficient as well. So I would expect that to continue for a while.
Ellen C. Wolf: Tim, I'd also add that this was actually a separate filing from the rate case. And it just so happened they were on the same agenda. But up until now, the comments we have had are very favorable around the disk. So I want to separate, we don't believe the disk was in any way driving reaction to the rate case.
Ellen C. Wolf: New York also has a similar account that takes into effect defining usage as well as costs. And then in New Jersey, we now have a 1-year forward look on it. Illinois has always been a future -- has been a future test year for us, so that has a 1-year look in it. Missouri has recognized some of it as well and Pennsylvania definitely this time through has recognized a 1-year future on declining usage. And I'm sure I missed one. Iowa and Kentucky.
Ellen C. Wolf: We have this internal debate whether Michigan really filing or not since we have the ability to put in rates after we have submitted our letter notifying them.
Ellen C. Wolf: No. Heike, it is our philosophy and belief that really the first person we share that with is the regulator and their staff.
Ellen C. Wolf: I think that's it. And again, when you look at our operating expenses, the total transformation going through with our systems will impact all lines of our expenses, including things like today, we can't do an electronic bill. So we will be able to do that in the future, so we will expect to see less printing costs, less mailing costs. So again, we're looking at all lines that will be impacted as we put new and much more customer-friendly systems in.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. thanks, John. Yes, there are 2 real reasons. The final revenue requirement and the rate case showed a decrease in expenses from the original filing. And it was in our press release that we issued a couple days ago, that there's about $10 million less expenses in the filed revenue requirements than when the original filing occurred. And also, we've taken a more aggressive approach in our declining usage mechanism. The original filing, we filed for a 2-year look ahead to get the revenue recognition for that and in the settlement, in the $30 million, we got about 1 year of that. So that really explains some of the gap.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, Dave, this is Walter. I'll take that question. The board of public utilities has approved the disk program on May 1. But it's not effective until it's published in New Jersey register. We expect that to occur in early June. And then American Water in New Jersey, American Water will file the foundational filing shortly thereafter. You either have 90 days or a few that filing and when it is reviewed, and we'll start investing and we'll invest for a 6-month period and then we'll make our first filing. The board of public utilities will then have 60 days to review that filing and approve it and then the rates will go into effect at that point. We expect the impact to be sometime in the third quarter of 2013.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. I mean, with this mechanism, it's an incentive to invest in New Jersey. And we're going to increase our investment there.
