Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. It's been a month since I've had the honor of leading this company as CEO. I want to take a moment to thank all the employees of American Water. Their response to the current health crisis has been simply incredible. Not only are we providing essential services while keeping safety as our top priority, we've invested in water and wastewater systems, welcome new customers who close acquisitions and work with state leaders, regulators and other key officials.We've also had a significant increase in customer satisfaction. We've achieved all this since the beginning of the year. Our company will emerge strong from this COVID-19 pandemic. How we work together throughout this crisis will have a lasting positive impact on our culture of trust and teamwork. I personally can't wait to once again get out to our business, to our plants, to our operating centers, to our call centers and say thanks to our employees. They're simply the best.And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Walter Lynch: And I think the key to the usage, again, back to what Susan was talking about is when do these states get back to normal, when do they start opening up. A lot of the commercial establishments and industrial and obviously, we're tracking that very closely as we work with the governor's offices and our plants and working with them.
Walter Lynch: Yes, we're still moving forward with the sale. There's no delay in the regulatory process. And we're working very well with Liberty and we expected to closing that late this year or early in 2021, Durgesh .
Walter Lynch: Well, let me start and then I'll hand it off to Susan. Durgesh, as you know, in my prepared remarks in over the years we focused very closely on O&M expenses. And so that's part of our culture. We're going to continue to do that. We're going to continue to drive O&M expenses down. So that when we invest, we're asking our customers to pay for that investment and not the O&M cost. So again, it’s part of our culture, we just -- it’s embedded, everybody understands it. And that's, again, the continued focus that we're going to have in this business, not just during the pandemic, as you know. So I'll ask Susan for additional comments.
Walter Lynch: On our two new bases, we've been in transition services since we got the award. And we worked very well at both installations with Joint Base San Antonio and West Point, showing the value to the communities. And we're going to be starting full operations, as I said in my prepared remarks in the second quarter. So, I think it's the trust and confidence that they have in our military services group to take over their water and wastewater systems and do it in a professional and amazing way as our group does with our military services group.So again, we're really proud to have those two new installations, particularly West Point, one of the most important military installations in the country. I'm a graduate of West Point [Multiple Speakers] I’d like to say that. But no, we're really proud of our military services group. They've developed a tremendous reputation and brand with the government. And I think it’s the confidence that they have in our group that's move those forward as quickly as we have.
Walter Lynch: So we're in five active solicitations right now. And we expect still this year to hear on three of those. So we're not seeing any measurable delay on behalf of the government and moving those forward.
Walter Lynch: Well, we believe looking at the impact of COVID-19 crisis we're going to have on communities that there are going to be a lot of municipalities that are facing financial challenges. And so when you look at what the efforts that we've put in already over the years of building our pipeline. And again our pipeline is 650,000 customer connections. We've worked on fair market value legislation, we've worked on water quality accountability legislation. And when you really add this COVID-19 crisis and we think it will have an impact on the number of communities that we're having discussions with, so being able to show what we can do and providing solutions for them. We do think it's going to have an impact on those discussions, absolutely.
Walter Lynch: Jonathan, let me say first that we're very sensitive to the situation that our customers are facing right now. We've been investing as you know, significant amounts in our systems. And this is really getting to recovering that investment. And if you look to Pennsylvania, I know we did file last week but those rates will not be effective for eight to 10 months. So we took that into consideration as we made that decision. New Jersey was already filed in December, so we continue to work with the commission on that and in Virginia and California the same. But we did look at that very closely. But again because of the timing, we felt like filing now for an outcome that's in 2021 is a reasonable decision in our view.
Walter Lynch: Yes, that's right Jonathan. Of the five that we're pursuing, all indications are they’ll award three this year.
Walter Lynch: Well, thank you all for participating in our call today. Please know that we value as Investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all our discussions and dealings with you. So you have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they'll be happy to help. Stay safe and thanks again for listening. Have a nice day, everybody.
Susan Hardwick: Let me make just a few comments, Durgesh. And again, I would reiterate it is early. And as we think about across all of our jurisdictions the various states implemented restrictions and stay at home orders at different times. So obviously, depending on when that occurred in each of our jurisdictions that's going to impact when we really started to see a shift in demand expectations. I’d again reiterate what I said in our prepared remarks, roughly 70% of our load is residential and as you can imagine, obviously, folks are at home. So we are seeing in our early data that residential sales are up.And again, I’d hesitate to quantify it because it's still so early. In some cases, we may have six weeks worth of demand data. In other cases, we may only have three or four weeks, again, depending on when those measures were put in place. And in some cases, we have real time meters, some cases we don't. So we have to wait until we have actual billing data. But we certainly are seeing residential usage up.On the commercial side, again, it depends on the jurisdiction and depends on the mix of customers in a particular state. But as you can imagine, commercial is trending down, because of business closures, restaurant closing et cetera. And on the industrial side, while in a particular state it could be a material change. And I'll give an example in Kentucky, we've got a large plant there an auto manufacturer. So in the State of Kentucky, we're seeing a pretty substantial decline in industrial sales, because of the concentration there. But overall, our industrial sales makeup is only about 4% of our total.So again, as you sort of roll all that together, residential is up, the other two are down. Our current thinking is that they may tend to offset each other. But I think it also depends on how long this goes. It depends on sort of a variety of factors in each of the jurisdictions. So, again, I'm not getting directly to your quantify it but hopefully, a bit more color there is helpful. On the collection side, again, I'd say it's too early to really see much on the regulated side and we certainly haven't seen anything on the market base side either that gives us immediate concern about collection. On the market based side in particular, I don't think we expect much in the way of difficulties there.Again, we think customers appreciate and are willing to sort of stay with these programs, because it helps them avoid unexpected future expenditures. So we're quite confident we'll be able to retain customers, and with that goes the ability to collect on the fees under those contracts.
Susan Hardwick: I think, Walter, you're right on target. The only thing I would add, maybe just as a specific example and you mentioned travel one, obviously, we've implemented no travel across all of our jurisdictions. But what you might not be thinking about is added PPE that we've added for all of our employees, including office employees. So there's added expense there, while we may have saved in other areas. So, the bigger picture is we are still on target for our earnings expectations for the year, and I think our ability to navigate all the variables. And the result as our expectations remain the same, I think that gives a pretty good indication of how we're managing.
Susan Hardwick: Rich, there's a lot in that question, obviously. And I'd start with just simply saying that where we are today, we are confident in our ability to hit all of the various targets we've laid out. And I think we said that sort of throughout our remarks. We like I'm sure everyone has done a variety of scenarios and in sort of worst case, best case types of analyses. And that's just good financial planning. I would say to you that as you outline them in all of your remarks, we would have many levers to pull. And I'm probably not going to comment beyond that.I just think the strength of the balance sheet and the strength of our credit, the diversity of our operations, there's a whole variety of things about our business model that are set up in a way that makes it possible for us to navigate through situations like this. I made the comment in my remarks that, again, we're built on fundamentals, and we believe this is a very resilient business and I believe that's absolutely true. So to the extent we've got to look at different approaches to manage whatever crises come along, I'm confident in our ability to do so.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, that's all I would say. Yes, I just think just variables like that, that are beyond our control. And that's why we give a range to be able to account for things like that. I think weather would be the largest potential impact.
Susan Hardwick: And I'm going to get to sort of an analysis here we've done. We've actually obviously been active with regulators across all the jurisdictions, monitoring their actions and then we certainly developed our own strategy on how we would approach. But we know for certain that California, Maryland, Virginia, have addressed. They've already issued orders on cost deferrals. We have pending proceedings in Illinois and Iowa to do similarly. And we have discussions ongoing in every state but Hawaii, it was just it’s easier and probably say the ones that we don't have. So active discussions or actions already taken across our jurisdictions.
Susan Hardwick: And Walter I might just add to that that we certainly are working closely with regulators around this very question. And we have not received direction or signals really from regulators that we should not proceed sort of as usual. So that's a different answer than customer considerations. It's really just also taking into account what regulators are expecting, and we've not really been pushed to delay the normal process as well.
