Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We have a lot to cover today and we thought it might be helpful to first address the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations and our estimates of the financial impact so far. As we've done since the onset of this health emergency, American Water continues to provide essential water and wastewater services to our customers and we know the critical role we play in helping our customers and communities through this pandemic. As we relayed on our first quarter call, we remain focused in three areas. The first is the care and safety of our employees and their families, the second is the safety of our customers and the communities we serve, and the third is the execution of our preparedness plans. We can continue to provide essential services and help our communities get through the pandemic. With recent surges of COVID-19 cases in many parts of our country, the measures we took early on remain in place while adding additional measures. These include employee health screenings prior to coming to work, social distancing, suspension of all non-emergency in-home appointments, limiting the amount and nature of contact with customers during field appointments and a required work-from-home policy for non-essential employees where possible. Because the number of cases varies across our footprint, we're taking into account CDC and local and state guidance as we work on plans to return to a more normal state of operation when possible with safety as the primary driver. As you know we were among the first utilities to suspend shutoffs and late fees prior to any orders being issued by states. We continue to work with customers who are experiencing financial hardships by offering customer assistance programs and access to low income programs. Susan will cover this in greater detail, but we're working constructively with public service commission’s as they look to address utility response measures, customer protections and cost recovery for regular utilities in their jurisdictions. Additionally, our liquidity and access to capital remained strong and we continue our disciplined approach to execute on our core strategies such as making needed capital investment. Finally, American Water and the American Water Charitable Foundation continue to help the communities the we serve giving more than $400,000 in charitable contributions over the past three months to help mitigate impacts of COVID-19 in the communities we serve. Before I ask Susan to discuss the financial impacts of COVID-19 so far, I want to thank our employees not only for their tremendous effort throughout the pandemic, but also of what they've done all year to stay safe and provide essential service to the communities we serve. Now, let me turn the call over to Susan.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Susan. I want to end by thanking American Water’s employees for everything they have accomplished in the first half of this year, especially since the beginning of our response is the pandemic in March. With safety as our top priority, we've continued to provide essential services in every community we serve. Through American Water and the American Water charitable foundation, we support many organizations across our footprint and make a difference for the communities we serve, including those that seek to foster a more equitable society. And as we always have, we continue to support an inclusive and diverse culture in American Water. All these efforts are in addition to executing of our strategies, investing in our systems, bringing water and wastewater solutions to new customers and communities and becoming fully operational at two new military bases. While there may be significant concerns in the market given COVID-19 and a variety of other factors, I'm pleased to report that our fundamental story of American Water remains the same and our performance remains consistent because of the incredible employees who work here. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks Angie. It’s Walter, how are you? Let me start by saying we're moving forward with the sale of New York American Water. The regulatory approval process is progressing. There have been some delays related to giving third parties an opportunity to submit alternate proposals to the sale and we've taken that into account when we look at the - what we're saying as far as the beginning of 2021. So we don't anticipate any other delays because it's a very tight time frame that they've given these communities an opportunity to submit alternate proposals. One proposal has been received so far we’re reviewing that, but Liberty and American Water committed to moving forward with the sale.
Walter Lynch: Well, the rate case is proceeding according to our anticipated schedule. We - the postings have not been published so we really can't comment on those. But just to say there is really nothing out of the ordinary in these.
Walter Lynch: Yes. It’s really more in a state-by-state basis. We continue to talk to the folks on a federal level about the ways that private water - American Water can help resolve some of the issues and the challenges in the water and waste water space. But it's largely driven by the states.
Walter Lynch: Yes. I just want to emphasize that again we run this business for the long-term and we're going to continue to focus on those cost reductions that benefit our customers, our employees in the long-term. Its part of our culture we've been doing it for many years. We're going to continue to do it. You can see the O&M efficiency continues to improve and that's really important the way we run the business. So, I just wanted to emphasize that for this call.
Walter Lynch: Jon, I could only speak for our company, Jonathan, but we've been on this journey now for a dozen years focused on efficiencies and we're going to continue to do that, but again we're going to make the decisions in the context of what's right for our company, for our employees, for our customers and that's really what guides our decisions.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Congratulations, Ralph and Mike. Okay. So, thank you for joining on our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and in the investment in our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team. They'll be happy to answer them. Thanks again and be safe.
Susan Hardwick: Let me address that and I think you've mostly got it right. I think what we've continued to try to say here is that the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share is what we believe to be expected results on a normalized basis. I think in the first quarter we called that adjusted because we were dealing with the depreciation issue in New York. Obviously the COVID estimates had not been fully vetted at that time. We now have a better insight as to what those COVID estimates are. But I think fundamentally, it's important to stay focused on that range of $3.79 to $3.89 which is where we believe we will end the year and whether you think about that as adjusted or as GAAP, I think it's important to note that's what we believe to be sort of normalized operations and that's what we've always said. We've gone to a GAAP guidance approach here, I think just to make it easier to understand and easier to follow what our guidance is. But there is no change from our expectation around sort of normalized results that range of $3.79 to $3.89.
Susan Hardwick: I think as we again - we’ll just talk about guidance for a second, a couple of thoughts I would give you relative to this maybe add to Angie’s response. If we were continuing to provide adjusted guidance, we'll say using that terminology we would certainly look at these COVID costs as an item that we would adjust for. So, they would be considered part of that adjusted guidance just like we had done in New York. So, we would be adjusting for them and essentially saying they shouldn't be considered as part of normalized operations. And as we thought through that, we said it just makes more sense to go straight to GAAP guidance and say these are going to be the results on the books and they happen to be exactly the same guidance we've been providing all along on a normalized basis. Again, the $3.79 to $3.89, so we knew this is literally no change in guidance. So, again that's how we think about guidance. As it relates to sort of recovering, again we've got orders in 10 of 14 states and we’ve got proceedings in the other four that we believe will allow us fully to seek recovery of all of the costs associated with COVID with the exception of the lost demand revenue, that is really the piece that ultimately falls through in that $0.05 the lost demand portions that are on the regulated side of the business. So, again we're going to continue to work with regulators on recovery of the lost demand dollars and again we think it makes sense to work through the regulatory process on recovery before we start to again sort of arbitrarily reduce costs that again can have longer-term impacts on our ability to continue to deliver services. We think this is an event that has occurred during this period. We're hoping that we start to see some moderation of that exposure in the third quarter as I mentioned. So we believe there is some isolation to it and we can again sort of work with regulators to seek recovery. And cost reductions, while we continue to focus heavily on them as we outlined here, we've made progress again on the O&M efficiency ratio and we continue to focus very heavily on cost and our cost structure in the business. We think that's where our focus should be and not on sort of arbitrary reductions that could potentially affect our ability to work or service.
Susan Hardwick: Well again I think we'll continue to talk about any impacts we see from COVID. I mean that's what I think we're trying to do here is simply highlight for you the significant issues that affect results and in this particular year it's the New York depreciation issue and it's COVID. To the extent we see lingering impacts into 2021, we'll continue to talk about the impact of COVID and make it very transparent to you what those impacts might be and how we're addressing them, whether they be from a regulatory perspective or some other. I'm not saying that we will adjust for them. Again I'm a bit of a purist as it relates to reporting, I think GAAP results are the best indicator of performance and so we think transparency around GAAP results is the right approach and that's what we're doing here.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think that's fair Jonathan. Now as I said in the release and our remarks today, there is obviously a lot of unknowns and we will track this just like we do. It's a changing landscape every single day. But we have an expectation that the largest portion of the impact again this $0.05 or $0.04 on the regulated side is really driven by demand changes, and we expect that to start to moderate. Again, we've started to see employees return to work across our territory. We've seen industrial demand start to come back up. I think commercial is probably the biggest variable to be honest with you as you think about restaurants and some of the smaller commercial enterprises. They’re likely going to have a little bit longer recovery period. So, I think that is the biggest variable. Our current view is that we'll see some of that moderation here in the third quarter. So that $0.05 to $0.08 range we've given around COVID really reflects that set of assumptions. That’s for the balance of the year. Again, we should be able to sort of contain it within those that range, so that's our current thinking.
Susan Hardwick: Right Now, again - yes, as you think about how that process may play out though obviously we'll - we are working with regulations currently and we'll continue to do so. We'll have to work through a process to get those dollars reflected for recovery, so it may take a bit of time where there has been quick action by regulators to-date literally across the country as you know. The regulatory community has been very supportive of the process to identify a need for a solution here around particularly around disconnects and that sort of thing. The lost revenue piece is sort of another layer of challenge that we need to work through with regulators and that may take a bit of time. But yes, I mean if we can work through that, there is potential upside there. And as I mentioned in the script or in our prepared remarks, it may have been sort of a subtle comment, at the state level, we have recorded these lost revenues as recoverable items. We just took a conservative view with the parent and said we don't have regulatory orders in place to support it yet. So at the consolidated level, we did not record those regulatory assets. But we certainly expect to work through it with regulators and we'll see what progress we can make.
Susan Hardwick: Well. Yes. We certainly have taken lots of guidance from our discussions with regulators in those states. We have had actually an ongoing conversation with them from the beginning. We certainly filed petition that would support that approach. We have lots of precedents obviously in our other 10 states as well as other states across the country. So again we're not trying to predict what regulators will do necessarily, but we certainly believe we've got good support for that approach and it is reflected in the accounting that we've done today.
