Walter Lynch: Thank you, Susan. Proven and predictable financial performance is an outcome of the successful execution of our strategies. I think you've clearly heard today that we're confident in our long-term success. This confidence is rooted in our strengths, it starts and ends with our unwavering commitment to safety. To us, safety is more than just the right thing to do. The health and safety of our team is a leading indicator of our company's health. Simply put, if we can get safety, right, we can get everything else right. To excel we must get the fundamentals, right. Operational excellence helps us define better and more efficient ways to do business and it enables us to provide safe, clean and affordable water services for our customers. As the largest water and wastewater company in United States, we assume the responsibility to go beyond minimum requirements and be an industry leader in operational and environmental excellence. This can only be achieved by collaborative high-performing teams. Maintaining an environment, where our people feel valued, included and empowered it’s critical to our ability to serve customers every day. We're working together to create an environment where employees can live up to their fullest potential and feel confident that they can directly contribute to our company's ability to stay strong, grow and make a difference in our customer's lives. And making a difference for our customers and for the communities we serve is centered on providing solutions to water and wastewater challenges. When we grow, we're able to leverage our scale, we can invest more, we can create stable jobs and we can improve infrastructure and make communities stronger, and for some ESG is a relatively recent development. For American Water, it's an affirmation of the values we've upheld for decades, it's much broader than just three words, it includes environmental leadership and sustainability, operational excellence, employee engagement, safety and equality, active community engagement, civic and charitable involvement and transparency and good governance. All are foundational to our corporate strategy. Turning to Slide 41. American Water has been recognized for our leadership and ongoing commitment to integrating ESG principles throughout our business. From sustainability to supplier diversity, to our commitment, to an inclusive culture, we're incredibly proud of these achievements. But we know we have got much more work to do. In all these categories, we’re never finished. I personally want to thank our employees. They are so engaged in every aspect of ESG, it matters to them. Like our investors who expect us to live up to ESG principles, so do our employees. In conclusion, here is what you can expect from us. Our fundamental investment strategy remains, we're affirming our long-term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. We plan to invest about $10.4 billion in the next five years, an increase of $1.3 billion over last year's plan, we expect an increase of potential regulated acquisitions, now in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% EPS CAGR, we plan for dividend growth at the high end of the 7% to 10% growth range, and we'll continue to champion or high-performing culture, focused on safety and inclusion and diversity. We're confident in our ability to continue as a top leader in the utility sector. And we hope today's presentation has provided you with a transparent strategic path to our long-term success. Before we take your questions, I'd offer you this thought, financially successful companies are frequently recognized nationally and internationally for strong performance and that's important. But for us, success is about enabling our employees to perform at their best. It’s about leading a team of extraordinary people doing critical work. It's about investing in people, communities, and helping our country solve its water and wastewater challenges. We're excited about our future and we thank you for being on this journey with us. Before we take a quick break, I would like to turn it back to Ed Vallejo for information about participating in our question-and-answer session.
Walter Lynch: Angie, Walter here, how are you? I'm going to take that question. So let me start by just apologizing for the issues with the webcast, if you missed any of the 30 to 60 seconds, let me tell you in my section, it was fabulous. So I would ask you to go back and look at it again. So the 1.5% to 2.5%, that's a reflection of the growing pipeline that we have, Bill Varley working with the State teams have been hard at it to truly identify opportunities and then work them through our pipeline. And right now, we believe that we're confident that the pipeline supports that increase up to 1.5% to 2.5%, so that's really the reason for the growing part of that growth triangle.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me start with what's going on there and then Susan can talk about that. Yes, we still – we're working structurally with the public service commission as we work towards the sale of the system there. We still believe it's in the best interest of New York American Water customers to sell the Liberty. As you know on February 3, the governor directed a special council to complete a study on the feasibility of a public takeover, and that study is to be completed by April 1. So while we remain confident in the sale the date of that work and the outcome of that work may impact our timing to some degree.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Durgesh. Well, as you know we increased our pipeline and almost doubled it over the last year and it's really focusing in the States where we want to grow and focusing on both water and wastewater. We're still pursuing wastewater opportunities in areas where we serve water customers and also adjacent to where we serve water customers. And I think if you look at the city of New York wastewater, that's a perfect example of that. But it's really a combination of the States doing a tremendous job in identifying opportunities and working them through the pipeline. But also the team here led by Bill, working with the States to look at best practices and things that we can take advantage of across our scale of our business. So that's why really the increase is there, but it's really back to the pipeline, it's all about a pipeline, you have to have a pipeline to deliver on those acquisitions. Bill, if there is anything you want to add.
Walter Lynch: We moved it from 1% to 2% to 1%, and it's really a reflection of the regulated business growing at a faster clip and particularly the regulated acquisitions that we identified. So that's really what's driving that, we're still very confident in our market-based businesses, both in the military and homeowner services. In the military, as you know, we won the last three awards where there are five outstanding, we expect two to be awarded in the near-term and we're confident in our ability to continue to provide great service for the men and women in the military. So we're confident in both businesses and they contribute to the success of our organization. So the very complimentary to what we do and they provide free cash flow and we're able to extend our core competencies, particularly on the military side and provide a great service for the 17 installations.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Insoo. And you’re right, we don't have regulated operations in Texas. We do have two military bases where we provide water and wastewater service Joint Base San Antonio and then Fort Hood. And I've got to say, I'm so proud of our teams and the work they've done around the clock to continue to provide service. And while we experienced many more main breaks and other challenges within the systems, our folks kept the water running for our military folks on those bases, so we're really, really proud of them. As far as the Texas operations, I mean, there is a little bit different design and construction down in Texas because they're not really designed to withstand extended periods of cold weather, and that's been the challenge down there. And so when a storm like that hits, it really challenges the system from a number of perspectives. The pipes are not buried very deep. Many of them are above ground and they tend to freeze at a much quicker pace. And a lot of the homes are not insulated like they are in the Northeast. So that's really what contributed to a lot of the issues down there. Our systems are resilient. We spend a lot of money, as Cheryl said, 8% of our capital spend is spent on resiliency in our systems to make sure that our systems can withstand extended periods of cold weather. And we do a great job at it. And while we have at times many more main breaks, our teams are out repairing those main breaks and restoring service in the shortest amount of time. So I'm really proud again, of our operations in Texas as two military bases. And again, our systems are designed and constructed to withstand extended periods of cold weather.
Walter Lynch: We continually assess where we want to operate and for us – we've said many times for us to enter a state, we've got to have a good regulatory environment, a good business environment, and the ability to grow to at least 50,000 customers roughly over a five-year period. So we'll continue to assess entry points in the different states using that methodology. But we're again really proud of our efforts down there and we've responded and helped the communities down there by shipping a bottle of water. We're really proud of that as well, because that's who we are as a company coming to the aid of people in this country, even though they're not our customers.
Walter Lynch: Yes, I think we believe there's going to be an infrastructure bill. We don't believe there's going to be any free money going out to the municipalities. We think there'll be access to low interest loans for the state revolving funds, and we're working to get access to that. On the wastewater side, we do get access on the water side, but we're working to get access on the wastewater side. So we can – our customers can benefit like the other customers through a low interest loans. But our five-year plan is an increase of 1.3 billion over the last plan from last year. And we're going to continue to invest in the areas that we need to invest in and make sure our systems are resilient.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks for that, Ryan we continually assess where we want to operate and where we can provide the best customer service, most efficient operations and continue to grow. And we'll just continue to do that. We're not in any position now to say that.
Walter Lynch: Yes. And it's really about the targeted investment that Cheryl said in replacing pipe that's old and worn out and maybe more prone to main breaks and also leveraging technology to identify leaks there. Those are two key areas for us to continue to improve in that area, Verity.
Walter Lynch: Well, let me start with Water Quality Accountability Act that started in New Jersey that two other states have adopted. I think that is being considered in other states within our footprint. So I would look out for that primarily in the Midwest and that again, establishes standards that are uniform across the sector, whether a municipally-owned or investor-owned, around cybersecurity, some of the challenges there, around pipe replacement rates, about long-term asset management plans. And that's been instrumental in many of the discussions we've had in the states where we operate that have that legislation. So I think it's a wake up call for many municipalities to say, maybe we should talk to American Water about selling assistance.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks Racco. First, let me say thanks for joining us today, and we value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment in our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team and they'll be happy to answer them. Thanks again for joining us and please stay safe. Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Hey, good morning, Angie. Thanks for the question. Yes, so little bit of an update to this year's plan on the equity requirements as I indicated it’s about $700 million, we were at $500. And recall in our last plan, we had talked about that $500 million being sort of in the middle of the five year so roughly in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. I would say that's generally where we have this $700 million still scheduled, and my philosophy on this is we sort of line up the need or the issue with the need and the capital plan. So that's when it sort of comes into the plan in terms of expected requirements. We haven't really decided, and I know I keep saying this, but we haven't really decided on methodology yet, whether we do sort of a block issue or we do it using some other tool, we certainly are considering an ATM like program and you're right, we don't have one in place today, it may fit the profile a little better to use a program like that. We just haven't made any decisions on it, I would just tell you again, sort of generally speaking, it's in the middle of the five years and we'll continue to look at best method to get it to market.
Susan Hardwick: And Angie on the proceed side, I'd just add quickly here. We have increased the expectation for proceeds, sort of after tax proceeds from the sale compared to our prior plan. We increased it about $250 million and obviously that's a source of equity if you will in this plan to help finance the growth here. And that really is just driven by – as we continue to kind of refine our estimates around tax position on the transaction, we feel like there is more proceeds coming after tax. So we did an increase at about $250 million from the prior plan.
Susan Hardwick: Well, obviously we haven't filled it yet, as we plan to sell it sometime in 2021. So there'll be some results in 2021 related to it. We've not specifically identified it as an adjustment to or any sort of the impact to 2021’s guidance. So I would just say 2021’s guidance is what it is and it contemplates the sale of New York American Water sometime during the year.
Susan Hardwick: Well, Ryan, we certainly don't view this as rebasing at all. I mean, we're simply growing off of 2020 actual results. And we had that available to us at the timing of our release for 2021 guidance. So growth of 2020, as we've talked about is very strong continues to focus on that long-term growth rate of 7% to 10% over the five years. So that is our focus and that's our continued reiteration of long-term guidance. There is more equity in the plan, obviously with a couple of hundred million more. So there was some dilution obviously built in the plan last year, and then just incrementally more dilution as a result of additional equity.
Susan Hardwick: Well, either one. I guess, maybe we could just start with a bit of news. We did just get word here that the commission just did approve the settlement agreement. So we actually have an order now in Pennsylvania just issued moments ago. And they did approve the settlement as it was submitted.
Cheryl Norton: Thank you for the question. And yes, we're very confident that we can deliver that. We think it's a lot more than our customers actually using less water. We think it's water efficiency across the board. So for example, by improving our leak detection efforts out in our distribution system, we will be able to recover more of that non-revenue water or that unaccounted for water within our systems. And so we're looking at it from a holistic perspective. We do continue to pick up a decline in usage in the residential space based on fixtures and appliances, but we really think this is going to be driven more by the capital improvements that we make so that we can reduce the amount of leakage and water loss that we have in the system.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, it is a long-term target, but we do plan to provide annual updates on where we're at with it. And we probably in future calls may talk about some of the technology we're using just to help you have a clearer picture around our path to get there.
Cheryl Norton: I think that covers it, Walter. I fully anticipate that we're going to see the regulatory environment ramp up.
