Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the third quarter financial results and Walter Lynch, our COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will give key updates on our regulated business. Turning to Slide 5, we reported earnings of $0.96 per share for the third quarter, a 10.3% increase above the third quarter of 2014. Excluding the 2014 cost impact of the Freedom Industries' chemical spill, third quarter year-to-date adjusted earnings increased 9.4% compared to the same period in 2014. Our employees continue to deliver strong operational and financial results reflected in our ongoing investment in our infrastructure, our improved operational efficiencies and the expansion of customers in our regulated and market based businesses. These results continue our progress toward achieving our long-term growth goal of 7% to 10% EPS through 2019. Based on our performance today, we're narrowing our earnings guidance range to $2.60 to $2.65 per share. Slide 6 highlights the progress we're making on our strategies across our businesses. We invested $970 million in capital year-to-date through September. The majority of this investment is in our regulated business, which is the core and foundation of our growth. These investments are mainly for infrastructure to continue providing safe, clean and reliable water services for our customers. Walter will talk further about our ongoing O&M efficiency efforts, which allow us to mitigate build increases to our customers despite this critically needed capital investment. In addition, we continue to invest in regulated acquisitions. Year-to-date, we closed seven acquisitions totaling or adding about 19,200 customers and we have 16 pending acquisitions, which when approved and closed will give us the opportunity to serve an additional 13,300 customers in several of our jurisdictions. We closed the Keystone Clearwater Solutions acquisition in the third quarter. Keystone, while a separate subsidiary is being reported as part of market-based businesses. Last month we were very pleased to be awarded a contract to serve the military community at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. We now serve 12 military installations across the country. We consider it an honor to provide our service men and women and their families with reliable high quality water and wastewater services for the next five decades and beyond. Our Homeowner Services business continues to grow as well. Within the past couple of weeks, we received a Notice of Intent to award an exclusive contract with Georgetown County Water and Sewer District in South Carolina. Pending contract negotiations we should be able to offer programs to their 22,000 eligible homeowners. Looking forward, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term earnings per share growth goal of 7% to 10% through 2019. At the end of our prepared remarks, I'll spend just a few minutes talking about our regulated business and how our investments and our positive financial performance demonstrate our customers and the communities we're privileged to serve. And with that, Walter will now give an update on our regulated businesses.
Susan Story: Thanks Linda. Before taking your questions, I’d like to spend a few minutes talking about how our investments and our strong performance benefit our customers and the communities we serve. As Linda mentioned we planned to invest up to $1.4 billion in 2015 with almost $1.2 billion of that total to improve our regulated water and wastewater systems. So what is investing more than a $1 billion a year mean to our customers and communities? It means we replace up to 350 miles of pipe every year. To give you an idea of the size of our water pipe network if you placed all the pipes we manage end to end, it would stretch over 48,000 miles nearly enough to go around the earth twice. It also means a strong water quality record. We are 20 times better than the industry average for meeting all drinking water requirements and we've earned more awards from the EPA partnership for safe water than any other water utility in the Nation. Why does this matter? Even though we serve about 15 million people across the country, we never forget that at the end of every pot line, there is a family depending on us to provide life's most essential ingredient. Not only as investment in our water and wastewater system is critical to families, businesses, industry and fire protection, but that investment also provides jobs and economic benefit. According to the Water Research Foundation, $1 billion invested in water infrastructure creates approximately 16,000 jobs. So American Water's regulated infrastructure investment through 2019 will result in more than 80,000 new jobs in the communities we serve. We know that we have to be sensitive to the impact of cost increases to our customers, even for something as necessary as infrastructure replacement. We also know as Walter mentioned that for every dollar we save, we can invest $6 of capital with no impact on our customer build. By combining effective cost controls with regulatory mechanisms that smooth cost out, we can make a big infrastructure impact without a big bill impact. In fact, we've invested almost $700 million nationally in our basic type programs in just 2013 and 2014 and all of that investment impacted customer build by just $1 almost on average. That's less than the cost of a loaf of bread, a cord of milk and far less than what it cost you to get your own money from a general ATM machine, which is about $3 to $4 a transaction. Across our footprint, most of our customers still pay about a penny per gallon of water. Our average family pays a little over $2 a day for all of their water needs, which is literally a ton of water a day delivered directly to their sink, their showers and their washing machine. At the end of the day, we know that what we do in our customer's long term best interest will also be in our investor's long term interest and we never lose that focus. So with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Right, and I think Linda is exactly right. The only thing I would add is this is an extraordinary situation in California and we all know that and we believe -- we know that the Utility Commission, the companies were all trying to work together to find a way forward that's in the best interest of our customers and the companies and everyone involved.
Susan Story: Absolutely, we're at 9.99 in that mechanism in its current formal extent through the end of 2016 and then we would go through the next profit capital process in California to reset rates going forward.
Susan Story: Sure. I'll start and then Walter may want to add something to it. So one of the things that's interesting and I know the national numbers are about 84% of Waters provided by public entities and about 98% of wastewater is and what we find Rich is that of a 3.3 million metered customers we have that only about 150,000 of those are wastewater customers. So we know that we've got several communities around the country where we already serve water and someone else serves wastewater. So that’s one piece and then you add to that the fact that there is growing number of EPA consent decrees, you got an issue where a lot of the wastewater infrastructure is aging and needs investment and you have some community who would prioritize other needed critical investments above their wastewater. So far us the real value is in many of these places we already served water. So to serve wastewater we know the communities. They know us. There are efficiencies we can gain because we already have offices there even though you would have different people doing some of the work. So we think it's just a natural progression. Then on top of that you add the fact that we just talked about California. When you look at water, it really is a single one-cycle for water and in the past, where we separated portable water with stormwater and wastewater, those days are -- they're starting to merge. So we believe that as the leading water utility in the country, we want to a leadership role in looking at water as one water from start to finish and especially given our strength in our research and development efforts that we got on the whole water cycle.
Susan Story: I'll start and Walter may want to add. So number one, we value very mach our geographical diversity and how we do look to grow in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, we're also looking to grow in the Midwest for example where we have a significant presence. So we do think this legislation and Walter and his folks have been key at proving research and information for those policymakers who are looking at different options to improve the economy in their areas. We think that it's important to have good legislation everywhere and we think it's good for the citizens and the people who are consumers of water and wastewater.
Susan Story: Sure. So first of all fundamentally there is two things I want to say is that when we go into the market based businesses, we ensure that it leverages the core competencies that we have as a company. We're not going to be going at two and three steps beyond what our core competencies are, which is water, wastewater, stormwater, those type of efforts. So I just want to make sure people understand that clearly. The second thing is as we said in our last earnings call, the market based businesses, which include all of the American Water enterprises lines of business and Keystone, we will not -- we don't see that growing beyond 15% to 20% of earnings and only towards the high end of that if it's regulated like in the military services. So I just want to say that's it's on. So in terms of opportunities, again we're going to stick to our netting, stay close to our core competencies, where there are opportunities to number one leverage the expertise we have in water, wastewater, water treatment, infrastructure investment, those type of things we will look at, but we also look at the risk profile of anything we do because we are extremely cognizant and dedicated to let our core we're a regulated utility and we want to ensure that any growth we have is smart growth.
Susan Story: Rich, thank you for this and so on December the 15 at our Analyst Day the CEO of Keystone Ned Wehler who has been in the business for years, he is actually going to be part of our Investor day presentation and he is going to offer his insights that will give an additional month to see where everything is playing out. Again I think we can say some things now, but I think it would be better to wait till Investor Day and really talk to the expert. We're looking at a lot of different options. We're trying to be very practical and realistic, which is why in answer to Mike's question, I wanted to give both the positives but also the things we're very cautionary about. And so it will be interesting. We do have some thoughts at this time, but on December 15, we fully expect that question to be asked and from there to give his thoughts about that.
Susan Story: That's correct and it's extended through the end of 2016. We actually begin the filing in the first quarter of 2016 for cost of capital affected in 2017.
Susan Story: We're always looking at opportunities so that -- and working with the Commission on these types of things as well as the other investor owned utilities in California.
Susan Story: Thank you, Frank. We would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. And as always if you have any questions, please call Greg or Durgesh and they’ll be happy to help. Before I let you go, I've mentioned it during the Q&A, I would like to remind you all that we’re hosting our Investor Day at the Western Times Square in New York on December the 15 from 9 AM until noon. We will have a light breakfast beforehand and lunch available for afterword. So it is not the program that attracts you, hopefully the food will. We will be discussing our plan for 2016 to 2020. We'll have added color around 2016. You'll hear updates and projections for our regulated business from Walter as he has already said. An update from Sharon Carmen on our plans for the American Water Enterprise's lines of business, homeowner services, military services and contract services. And as I mentioned before, you'll hear from the CEO of Keystone, Ned Wehler who is going to offer his insight into that business and the market, and of course Linda will provide updates on our financial plans. We hope all of you can attend. The session will be webcast and thanks again to everyone for listening and we’ll see you in December.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan and good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated business have delivered strong results year-to-date. We continue to improve our owned and efficiency ratio as shown on Slide 8. We reached 35.8% for the 12 months ending September 2015. This is the result of a disciplined approach to cost management by our employees. We continue to make steady progress towards achieving our goal of 34% or less by 2020. Achieving sustainable O&M reductions is important to our strategy as it enables us to redeploy these cost savings in the capital investments in our water and wastewater infrastructure with minimal impact on our customer’s bills. A perfect example of our strategy and action as our recent New Jersey rate case order on Slide 9. During the third quarter, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved the 3% or $22 million annualized increase in water and wastewater revenues that became effective on September 21. Since the last rate case in 2012, the company invested more than $775 million to replace and upgrade our water and wastewater infrastructure including approximately 160 miles of water mains and connection pipes. During the same time, New Jersey American lowered their operating expenses by more than $90 million. Those cost reductions supported more than $125 million of infrastructure investment with no impact on customer bills. Also last week in Virginia we filed a rate request for $8.7 million. The request seeks recovery of about $53 million in system investments made since our last rate case in 2012. Our operating expenses in Virginia have declined 2% since our last rate case reflecting our continued success in driving operating efficiencies. We use those cost savings to offset some of the revenue requirement requested for our capital improvement, which again minimizes rate impacts on our customers. We expect the decision in the next nine months. When we talk about owned and efficiency improvement, this is exactly what we mean, inventing to ensure reliable service while limiting the impact of when our customers pay. Moving to California, our team continues to display leadership in dealing with the draught and we’re certainly proud of all of their work to help our customers during this period. Overall five of our six districts are meeting the State Water Resources Control Board reduction targets. In venture accounting where customers are almost meeting their targets, we recently implemented Stage 3 conservation measures. These measures along with other customer outreach is helping us encourage conservation during this draught and we want to thank our customers in California who really stepped up to the challenge. I'll give a quick update on our Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project as well. Last month the California Coastal Commission approved an amendment to our permits to operate a test line well. This minor amendment allowed us to restart the well and continue to prove up the operational feasibility of subsurface intakes for this water supply project. The project is undergoing environmental and regulatory review by the California Public Utility Commission and we expect to start construction in the second quarter of 2017. Lastly let me discuss the weather impacts during the quarter. As we mentioned in our second quarter call, we experienced heavy rainfall in our central states during July. We saw this pattern continue in that region through August. Also in the quarter we experienced hot and dry conditions primarily in our northeast region. Due to our geographic diversity, these varying weather conditions largely offset each other in the third quarter, so there was no net material impact on our financials. Now I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our third quarter financial results.
Walter Lynch: Yes Ryan, Walter here. Thanks for the question. Just to put a little clarification on it, the last time we filed a rate case in New Jersey, we didn't have a disc mechanism. So in this case, the disc mechanism is included but you have to look to the revenue that was generated from it. If you do that and include the $22 million we came in, in excess of 50% of our filing. So that's the difference. We invested as Susan said, a significant amount of money in New Jersey and in our infrastructure and when you include that, with the outcome of the rate case, again we're in excess of 50%. So it's right in line where we've been historically.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Walter here. Just to emphasize the operational synergies. We already have offices. We have relationships. We have employees that are proving service to our customers. To us it makes too much sense not to engage on a wastewater side and that's what we've been doing and we're getting really positive feedback in those communities where we do provide both services.
Walter Lynch: Yes, with those definitely are huge plus to accelerate acquisitions in New Jersey. If we get that in Pennsylvania, it will provide the same benefit, but we also have enabling legislation in many of our other states including many Midwestern states and some of this was tailored after the legislation we had in our Midwest states. So it looks very, very favorable in the Northeast, but we have the same favorable regulation in the Midwest.
Walter Lynch: This is Walter, no, no, it’s has been in line with what we've said last year. We just continue to upgrade our plants as part of our normal capital investment but no new plants in line.
Linda Solomon: Thank you, Walter and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continue to deliver strong financial results. As shown on Slide 11, revenues were up 6% quarter-over-quarter and up 4% year-to-date. Earnings per share for the third quarter were $0.96, up 10% over the same period last year. Year-to-date earnings were $2.09 per share, which after adjusting for 2014 impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill were up about 9% over the same period last year. In terms of business segment contribution, for the quarter the regulated businesses contributed earnings of $0.97 per share or an increase of about 10%. Our market base businesses contributed $0.07 per share, an increase of about 17%. Parent interest and other, which is primarily interest expense on parent debt was a negative $0.08 per share for the quarter, relatively flat to the prior year. As Susan mentioned because of the Keystone acquisition in the third quarter and the financial results of Keystone have been included in the market base business segment, the purchase price after purchase price adjustments was $133 million. As we’ve previously disclosed, we expect Keystone to be earnings neutral in 2015 and accretive to earnings in the first full year of operation. Now I’ll go over the different components of our third quarter earnings per share growth as shown on Slide 12. In the third quarter, we reported a $0.09 increase in earnings per share. Approximately, $0.05 of that increase was due to mild weather during the third quarter of 2014. As Walter mentioned, during the third quarter of this year, the financial impact of the varying weather conditions largely offset each other. As we had higher revenue of around $10 million from hot and dry conditions in the Northeast, which was offset by lower revenue of around the same amount from the wet weather experienced in our Central State. Next the regulated businesses benefited from higher revenues of $0.04 per share mainly from authorized rate increases, from infrastructure charges and rate cases in a number of our regulated states and additional revenue from acquisition growth, partially offset by lower demand in California. For the market-based businesses, earnings per share were up a penny due to additional construction projects under our military contracts and the addition of two new military bases in the second half of 2014. We also had contract growth in our Homeowner Services business. Partially offsetting these improvements were higher depreciation and other cost of about a $0.01 per share mainly due to growth associated with our infrastructure investment programs at the regulated businesses. Now let me cover the regulatory highlights on Slide 13. We currently have three general rate cases in process, West Virginia, Missouri and Virgina for a combined annualized rate request of approximately $69.5 million. For rates effective since October 1 of last year through today, we received a total of approximately $77.5 million in additional annualized revenue from general rate cases, step increases and infrastructure charges. We encourage you to review the footnotes in the appendix for more information. Slide 14 is a summary dashboard of our financial performance, which showed improvement across the Board. During the third quarter of 2015, we made investments of approximately $455 million, primarily for regulated infrastructure investments and the acquisition of Keystone Clear Water Solutions. Year-to-date we have invested a total of $970 million of which $793 million was for regulated infrastructure investments and $44 million was for regulated acquisitions. For the year, we expect to invest $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion with almost $1.2 billion to improve our regulated water and wastewater systems. Regulated infrastructure investments are projected to be about $100 million higher than we originally planned as we continue to optimize capital deployment under our infrastructure mechanisms. For the quarter our cash flow from operations increased approximately $48 million and year-to-date $15 million primarily from earnings growth and the timing of working capital item. Our adjusted return on equity for the past 12 months was 9.12%, an increase of approximately 48 basis points compared to the same period last year. We also paid a $0.34 quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders in September, which represented about a 10% increase compared to last year. And on October 30, the Board of Directors approved a $0.34 dividend per share to be paid on December 1 and as Susan explained, building on our strong financial performance year-to-date we're narrowing our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the upper end of our prior range or $2.60 to $2.65 per share. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Linda Solomon: Ryan, this is Linda. Let me start and talk first about the accounting issues around revenue recognition. So the accounting rules require that if revenue is extended -- collection of revenue is extended beyond two years that you need to defer the equity component or the equity return of that revenue. And so this is really an accounting timing issue versus a collection issue. We did experience something similar in the third quarter when we requested and filed our application with the CPC to defer recovery in Monterey over a 20-year period and including a return. We have recorded that impact in our third quarter results and it was about a $5 million pretax impact. Now in terms of the regulatory environment, I’ll start and ask Susan if she would like to add to it, but really decoupling mechanisms were put into place in California to deal with situations like the severe draught the California is going through now so that you can align the customer conservation with the goals of the company and so these decoupling mechanisms really align these goals and allow us to help our customers and serve in the long term.
Linda Solomon: Mike, this is Linda. Let me start with the move to Camden. We're currently in the site selection process and we’re continuing through that process. We’re working to make sure that we have all of the tax issues handled appropriately with the City of Camden and we are very excited to be part of the revitalization of Camden. On Keystone, so everyone of course on the call is aware that there are market conditions on oil and gas and of course from the negative side from the market is that, the activity in the capital spending has been reduced somewhat. The number of rigs are down and again in the Marcellus and Utica interestingly while we have the cheapest cost for natural gas drillers that also require more water we know that there is an issue for the supply actually to take away capacity. So from the market issues that everyone is familiar with, we also are tracking this. We’re tracking it with the business. We also are very encouraged and we're following very closely the progression of the construction of the takeaway pipes because we believe that whenever the takeaway pipeline are completed, that that is where and I know that all of you know this, where we’ll see a resurgence in that particular area of the country for natural gas. And with that said, since we have bought Keystone and since we closed in July, there are some positives that are going on for us. Number one, it’s interesting that as several of the ENP are looking at the current situation, they're also looking at water infrastructure that will be needed for the resurgence that is expected at the end of '16 and into '17. So we’re in conversations looking at future activity, because there is a time period that we need to develop water infrastructure, which is critical for most of these wells. Another thing that we see is that there are some near term opportunities with the ENPs continuing to prioritize their capital for their core business, there is more of an interest of us taking a role into water infrastructure and water pipeline including owning it which would be a little longer term in some of the contracts that currently have. Looking at construction ownership of storage and exchange facilities and not just pipeline and we’re seeing that there is a renewed interest as the ENPs have a goal of 100% water reuse and recycling. So we do the transports and we’re seeing really a pre-robust business on the transport to the recycling facilities to ensure extremely high levels of reuse and recycling. And then another positive that we’ve seen in the almost six months we've owned Keystone is that, they are increasing their customer base significantly with the addition of several new large customers and we've calculated that our market share of the water services in the Utica, Marcellus has increased from about 20% to 25%. So yes it’s a difficult environment as we know, but being a water focused subsidiary of ours looking at solutions for that area we’re seeing some bright spots for us and we continue to, we said earlier when we purchased Keystone, we expect it to be EPS neutral in 2015 and to be accretive next year as Linda mentioned.
Linda Solomon: Yes Ryan, this is Linda and generally what we have seen with regard to past trends is that as interest rate rise then over time that is correlated with increases in the return on equity and so I would expect that moving forward to the extent that interest rates improve that we would see similar trends.
Linda Solomon: Right Ryan and really what we will do, typically most of our states have the cost of capital as part of the general rate case profit and so we would be looking across our states and determining the optimal time to go in for general rate case. We also have some states that have a separate cost of capital mechanism like California which has a set schedule, which we would be -- which is set through 2016 and then we would be setting new rates for 2017. So it will depend on the jurisdiction and it will also depend on a multitude of factors that we look at in terms of the timing of our general rate case filings.
