Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our third quarter financial results and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. Moving to Slide 5, our employees delivered solid financial performance and continue to execute on our strategies in the third quarter. These strategies include prioritizing employee and customer safety, building constructive regulatory relationships through transparency and credibility, providing excellent service to our customers, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operations to keep bills affordable for our customers. Our third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.08 per share, increase of $0.03 per share or 2.9% over the same period in 2016. This 2017 third quarter adjusted number excludes a positive $0.07 related to an insurance settlement from the Freedom Industries chemical spill which you may remember with a negative $0.22 in last year's third quarter. This quarter's adjusted number also excludes $0.02 of an early debt refinancing charge at the parent. Linda will discuss this in more detail in her comments. With a slide results we've seen year-to-date and projected through the year-end, we've narrowed our adjusted earnings guidance to $3 to $3.06 per share. Our foundation for growth continuous to be providing safe and reliable service by investing widely and effectively in our regulated operations. We've made more than a $1 billion in capital investments in the first nine months and we're on track to invest about $1.65 billion for the full year with a vast majority dedicated to water and wastewater system replacement and improvement. We've remained focused on controlling our O&M expenses to ensure that every dollar we spend on infrastructure replacements has minimal impact on our customers' bills. We're extremely proud of our employees' efforts to improve efficiencies and their commitment comes from a deeply ingrained culture at American Water to provide the best quality water and water services to our customers at an affordable price. Our folks live in the communities we serve and all of our employees are keenly aware of the importance of keeping customer bills affordable. This commitment to customer care contributes to our growth. This year, we have welcomed about 16,000 new customers from acquisitions and 2,400 customers from organic growth in our service areas. We also have signed agreements representing another 45,000 customers pending regulatory approvals .We also saw growth this quarter in our market based businesses mainly driven by our Homeowner Services Group. HOS currently has 1.7 million customer contracts that serve more than 825,000 customers in 43 states in Washington DC. Keystone clear water remained relatively flat quarter-over-quarter but it's still projected to be accretive this year, due to increased activity inward during the latter part of the year. A real highlight of the quarter with our Military Services Group win of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. We consider it an honor and a privilege to sever the military men and women who defend our country and our liberty. This base is the 13th installation to partner with American Water. We're fully committed to providing industry leading water and wastewater service to Wright-Patterson for the next 50 years. We also had three other significant accomplishments I would like to highlight for the quarter. First, we completed a $1.34 billion debt financing which is the largest since our IPO in 2008. These interest savings will provide significant long term benefits primarily for our regulated customers. Linda will discuss this financing in more detail. Second, you may remember that in the third quarter of last year, we entered into a global binding agreement in principal related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. Two of our insurance carriers providing coverage about to $25 million each choose not to participate in that settlement agreement at that time. We have not settled with one of those carriers and this $22 million settlement reduces West Virginia American Water's total pretax cost from $65 million to $43 million. We continue in arbitration with the remaining insurance carrier. And third, Walter will discuss in a moment our filing of a proposed black box settlement agreement among interveners and our Pennsylvania rate case which remained subject to approvals. So all said, we're on track to meet our long term 7% to 10% long term EPS guidance. Walter will now give you his update on our regulated business.
Susan Story: Thank you, Walter and Linda. Before taking your questions, I'd like to mention the extraordinary weather and fire advance that we've experienced in our country and our American Water service areas over the past few months. Given our geographic diversity, we are oftentimes located within natural disaster areas are close enough to offer help to other communities. With every event we face, safety comes first. We prepare, we leverage national resources and we look to help impacted communities. In August, Hurricane Harvey hit our operations in Fort Polk Louisiana, dumping about twenty inches of rain on the base. The storm also had a lesser effect on our Fort Hood, Texas operations. Our employees to work there and those who came to help, work tirelessly during and after the storm to maintain service to both military community. In September, Hurricane Irma made landfall in the Florida Keys as a Category 4 storm. By the time the storm moved up the coast to the desalination facility we operate in Tampa, our contract services group had acted as emergency plan and the facility made it through the storm with little to no damage and no flooding. The plant and our people were there to help the community during the recovery. And just last month as Walter shared, our team in California responded to the tragic fires in Sonoma and Napa counties, maintaining water service for firefighting during the event and restoring full potable water service for the vast majority of our residents there within a matter of a few days. Whether it's hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding ice storms or wildfires, our response to all of these events highlights our commitment to resiliency of water and sanitation services for our customers. We use a systematic approach to assess the vulnerability of all of our asses and we continually prioritize our critical infrastructure investments. Our engineering and operations team examined every facility we own and our regional water supply to develop a capital plan to determine how much and what kind of investment is needed to ensure ongoing safe and reliable service to our customers both during and after these disasters. We evaluate historic conditions combined with future predictions and we consider factors like a 100 year flood which nail seems to be occurring every 20 years and other impacts of climate variability. These engineering planning studies drive our capital needs assessment, business planning and our financial forecasting. During a significant weather event, a water utilities level of preparedness can literally mean the difference between a temporary inconvenience or a serious health or environmental consequence for our customers. We know that and we prepared for it. It's our job and we do it well. I'm extremely proud of our people and their commitment to doing what's right for our customers and our communities every day. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the people who are recovering from these natural disasters. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: So I think until then Angie, it's a little bit early to say we seen an effect. I think people are waiting to see what does this actually mean? What are the rags that I'm going to have to be in compliance with? So we're watching that carefully.
Susan Story: Sure, sure. So I mentioned very briefly in my remarks, quarter-over-quarter, it's basically neutral, we are still projecting it to be a creative by the year-end because of the backlog of work that we have in the latter part of the year. We are seeing increased activity, we're actually seeing players that are picking up what they're doing, we're seeing more interest actually is interesting our keystone got out of the transportation meaning the moving water by truck. And so we're seeing an uptick in the amount of the drillers who are now wanting to actually put pipe, a lot of pipe above ground temporary piping. So we are seeing a pickup there. We believe that the latter half of the year that we're going to see a pickup and that will be accretive for the year.
Susan Story: Yeah what the price redeterminations typically take place 2 to 3 years, they happen every 2 or 3 years in the contract, so the fact that we just one week put in the bid for what we believe the upright work needs to be done to do some immediate projects but we also look at the O&M. So you probably won't see a price redetermination for Wright-Patterson for another 2 to 3 years because we just put in a bid that in that bid we look at the first 2 to 3 years and what we think it will take to do some of the capital upgrades on the project.
Susan Story: Rich, one of the other things that we've been working on with this increase in acquisitions over the last few years is how do we integrate them effectively whether or not it's a smaller system or a larger system. And so we've really been working to enhance our profit so that it is seamless and regardless of the size of the customer addition.
Susan Story: So Rich, at that point, that is the guidance we gave as you probably know when we've promoted during this call and will continue what was December 12 is now December 11, we will update our five year plan on December 11 on our guidance call and give further color to that answer that question.
Susan Story: And keep in mind, we talk about the fact that for every dollar of O&M we saved, we can put $7 of capital in the ground. This is great because this means that with this decade's long need, we have for investment, this is more investment we can make that doesn't impact the customer bill, so that's the way we look at this.
Susan Story: Yes, there has been. The sequestration was formally discontinued and so the commanding officers at the bases are hoping to have larger budget effective October 1. They are getting more money. We think it will be more of a gradual increase in capital for infrastructure because what happened in the three, four years of the sequestration, their budgets were significantly reduced. And it wasn't just infrastructure projects like ours that got put on the back burner, they had several other training warfighter training different things that now are in the queue. So we are hearing there is a pickup, it will eventually become, there will be more infrastructure projects like the type we do on the bases, but the initial increase in funding will go toward more of their mission critical items that they have for the military men and women there. So yes the sequestration was discontinued, they are seeing higher not quite up to what it was before the sequestration. We do think it will benefit us but it will be gradual as they put those additional funds to use.
Susan Story: Thank you, operator. So I'd like to thank everybody for participating in our call today. We really value you very much as investor owners and as a financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you and we always want you to have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock. If you've not had your question answered or you think of something else please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help. And as we've mentioned earlier, we look forward to talking with all of you in our upcoming 2018 Guidance Call which will be on Monday, December 11, from 9:00 until 10:30. At that time, we will not just be talking about 2018, we'll talk about some of our strategies, our five year plan, so please be on the call and we think that you will find it very interesting.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Susan. I like to emphasize just the point of how we work collaboratively with the commissions and all the parties to get to a settlement that's fair for everybody. And I think this Scranton Sewer acquisitions is an example of that. So first acquisition in the state, we're dealing with the issue of combined sewer and storm water. Currently Pennsylvania American Water doesn't have a combined tariff for waste water, we have a number of different tariffs because we've done so many acquisitions over the years. So working through the first issue that I said the combined sewer and storm water, and all of the working through not having a combined tariff on the sewer side, it takes a lot of cooperation and a lot of dialogue with a number of parties including the Office of Consumer advocate and commission staff to get to the right place. But I think we've done that. I'm confident we've done that. The team has done a great job and working with all the parties. I think it's another example of how we're working to make sure that we get a fair settlement for all. And Scranton Sewer again is a perfect example of that.
Walter Lynch: Yeah that's right, Susan. There's a requirement that's cyber security program in place by the first quarter and then the asset management plan by January 2019, but the DEP is working with all the other agencies to really come up with a really good detailed implementation plan.
Walter Lynch: Rich, Walter, thanks for the question. We've said that's a 1% to 2% EPS growth, from customer acquisitions, is about 30,000 to 60,000 customers across our entire system. Our focus has been on growing our business through acquisitions adjacent to where we operate and also looking at our sweet spot as we define from 5,000 to 30,000 customers. We've also had a renewed focus on wastewater. And over the last three to four years we focused on buying wastewater systems in areas where we serve water customers. So we're going continue to do some of the smaller ones we're make sense in and around our footprint, our real focus is on the larger 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 to 30,000 customers to make sure that these acquisitions are sizable, they move the needle and they represent I think opportunities for us to improve the systems that we buy. Many of these systems need significant investment and the systems of 5,000 to 30,000 seems to me need more investment than some of the other, so that's really our focus.
Walter Lynch: And Rich to your point, Walter again. You can look at how we're executing on our strategy buying wastewater systems area where we're serving water system. And I think Scranton and McKeesport are two perfect examples of that and we're serving the water customers for decades and the opportunities came up by the wastewater systems because we can add value to the communities. And that was the case that we made and the communities agreed and we have purchased real soon McKeesport on that basis.
Walter Lynch: Yeah, Rich, the improvements will never stop that we have a continuous improvement mindset. We're focused on every cost him his business. And through the use of technology and best practices, we're going to continue to drive cost down for customers. So that's why I spotlight some of the things, we're doing in the business every quarter just to show you this is a continuous improvement mindset.
Walter Lynch: When that people will have indications through our negotiations, but again it won't be final until we get the final orders. So when that case is settled later the next year.
Walter Lynch: It could be but then we open the comment on it, that's the question. So I'll look when we receive you order.
Walter Lynch: I'm back to McKeesport, just I want to make one point on that. If you look at the direct and indirect customers that we're bringing in as part of that acquisition represents about $7,000 per customer. We think that's important because with the think that's a fair settlement for us and the customers through our Pennsylvania American Water.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah in 2017, in addition to the onetime charge that we had for the may call as the parent of $0.02 per share, I mentioned earlier, we had a negative impact of about a penny from the overlap of interest expense in the third quarter. Now we do expect that we will see some benefits in the fourth quarter that will slightly exceed that negative carry that we had in the third quarter but it's less than $0.01. And then going forward, when we put forward our 2018 guidance, it will be included in there.
Linda Sullivan: Right. And remember the majority of this will be for the benefit of our customers and then as we go through our rate cases that will true up.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. There will be. We've refinanced $428 million of debt that matured in October that was related to the parents and we will continue to see the benefits of that lower cost going forward.
