Susan N. Story: Thanks, Linda. We'd like to conclude each of our earnings calls going forward by giving you expanded color on some of our initiatives and efforts outside of what we might typically cover in an earnings call. It's our hope that you'll find this information useful in understanding how we are moving forward as a company. Just let Ed know if you think it's helpful. This quarter, I want to speak very briefly in the topic of water energy and innovation. I spoke a little bit about innovation earlier. In the past, we briefly discussed the critical dependency between water and energy. In recent months, we've seen the level of national discussion on this topic increase dramatically, and we're excited about it. Why are we excited? Well first, we see it as a way to improve efficiencies in both water and energy usage and address key water challenges in energy production. Second, it plays to one of the strengths of our management team, which reflects a mix of seasoned water professionals and experienced professionals from the electricity and energy industry. The Department of Energy issued a report last month on the water-energy nexus. As we all know, water is essential for human survival, prosperity, and whether that's for drinking, sanitation, industrial use, irrigation or power generation. For example, for every gallon of gasoline that you put in your car, it took 13 gallons of water to produce it. Each shale well requires from 3 million to 7 million gallons of water in the hydraulic fracturing process. Thermal electric plants require substantial water for cooling, although the majority can be returned to its source. And in turn, electricity plays a critical role in producing, treating and delivering clean water. For example, about 4% of the electricity consumed in the United States is used for collecting, treating and moving water and wastewater. That number is much higher in California. So the future of water and energy is fundamentally intertwined. This DOE report frames the integrated challenges and opportunities surrounding water and energy, and specifically, it lays out 6 pillars to address this constructive way forward for the nexus. These pillars include: Energy efficiency in water treatment and distribution; resiliency and reliability of water and energy systems; using nontraditional water sources in a sustainable and productive way; and linking synergies among water and energy. As the first U.S. water and wastewater utility to join the EPA's Climate Leaders Program, American Water is discussing with U.S. Energy secretary Ernest Moniz and DOE staff the multiple efforts we have underway that address the DOE's 6 pillars. American Water's efforts range from: Developing and implementing new technology to reduce energy use during treatment, to connecting a smart water grid with a smart electric grid, to using renewable power in water treatment and the use of recycled water and new water supply sources such as desalination. The DOE paper discusses our RDD&D, research, development, demonstration and deployment. We at American Water are involved in all 4 stages in different water and wastewater technologies. We know that through our expertise and research capabilities, our customers will benefit through increased reliability, water quality and increased cost efficiencies, while we also bring valuable new technologies to the rest of the water industry. As new challenges in the water industry arise, so will the opportunity to increase collaboration with the energy industry. And think about it from a regulators' point of view. If water and energy companies work together to increase efficiencies to have a positive impact on customers, that's a win-win for all of us. Together, we have the potential to bring about smart solutions that are resilient, sustainable and affordable. We put our specific efforts on each DOE pillar in a new document that can be found on our website. I invite you to go and check out all the innovations that we have here at American Water. As I said, this is an exciting time to be in our industry and especially at American Water. And now we're happy to take any questions you might have.
Susan N. Story: So one thing to kind of overall like what Walter and Linda said, Ryan, I think it's a great question for any utility in today's market, where we have interest rates continue to be pretty much artificially held low, is that through all of the alternative mechanisms we've worked so hard to get in the past few years, it provides us more flexibility and optionality and ensures that when we do go in for rate cases, we don't have the bigger rate increases or rate shocks.
Susan N. Story: No. In fact, our growth triangle we shared last year, we looked at the CapEx investment, and again, as Walter mentioned earlier, we look in all of our states. We look at where we need to invest. We look at the ROEs. We always provide a level of funding to ensure that we're able to provide the clean, safe, affordable and reliable service. And then we look at other capital that's a little more discretionary and where that goes. But also, when we look at that on top of the CapEx, you have the regulated acquisitions, you've got the market-based. So we have a diversified portfolio for growth, just as Walter said, we benefit from the geographic diversity we have with our states.
Susan N. Story: Well, Dan, if you looked at the O&M efficiency ratio as a straight line for improvement, that might be the case. But we've gone from 44.2% in 2010 to the 37.7% in the last 12 months. But really, the O&M efficiency ratio is more like an exponential curve as opposed to a linear line. And the further along that curve you get, the harder it is to make even smaller increments of change. So I don't think you can look into a straight line rate and think that, that's going to hold. We've been very successful. We have other opportunities, especially through automation and technology, but we stand to our stretch goal in 2018 of 35%.
Susan N. Story: We know the calculation is basically O&M over revenues. And you can look at our revenue growth and you can look at our expenses and know that we've made significant improvements on expense management. You all ask us frequently, "Well, do you think there's more to get?" And the fact is that as Linda mentioned earlier, we're just now stabilizing our SAP system, the implementation from last year. We see opportunities there, and the innovation and technologies I talk about, we think will provide us even more opportunities in the future. So we have done a lot of things. What we do in the future may be a little bit more of that, but also some new areas.
Susan N. Story: Yes. I mean, the SAP, and also, as I mentioned, the NPXpress. Again, labor and power and chemicals are our largest cost drivers. So the more we can find ways to save on the power cost, which, by the way, just 3 years ago, our power costs were $110 million last year. For 2013, they were $94 million. So we're finding ways to reduce those large cost drivers, including the NPXpress also reduces the need for chemicals, that's up to 100% of the carbon additive. So and as Walter mentioned, the SAP system is allowing us much more visibility into inventory. For example, where we at one time could not see between state, what we had an inventory. Now we can do more inventory sharing, which is making us much more cost effective. Now those things, as Linda mentioned, don't happen overnight, but we see a steady building of the ability to do this. Some will be over the next year, some the next 2 to 3 years, but we see a path forward for continual improvement.
Susan N. Story: Well, we're always -- we look at several alternative mechanisms. We look at DSIC, we look at future test year. We're looking at mechanisms to address declining usage. So for all of our states, we're constantly evaluating the regulatory construct and which variations of these type of mechanisms could work best in every state. So we're always looking at all of our states and ways to address these issues.
Susan N. Story: And Jonathan, to the second part of your question, we constantly evaluate in all of our states the appropriate timing for any rate cases.
Susan N. Story: We believe that we will continue to make progress on the O&M efficiency ratio from now through 2018 and get it to the stretch goal of 35%.
Susan N. Story: When we look at a range, there is some degree of weather variability that we build in there, but does not account for any extreme weather variability, which is why just in water, just as you see in electrics, the third quarter has such a big impact on our year that we just like to see what happens in the third quarter before we're able to address the range again. And I will tell you that again, we expect some weather variability. That's why you have a range in the first place, that's one of the components, but we need to look and see what happens. We're getting preliminary numbers for July, but that's not final. We've got to look at August and September to kind of see where we end up.
Susan N. Story: The 10 bases that we serve, we are partners with those bases. And we know our business is water and wastewater, but we also, as I mentioned earlier, have a lot of opportunities and projects at our plants that do look at the whole water-energy connection. So we are not planning that specifically for any base, but we are open to options in the future based on what we think we can deliver in a cost effective and performance, superior performance standpoint, to our partners.
Susan N. Story: When we set up the capital budget for this year, for the first time, we wanted to say, here is the amount that we want to look at regulated CapEx investment in our plant, pipes. And the other part was we said for regulated acquisitions, we want to make sure that we plan for a budget, and then we had the strategic initiative for those opportunities that might arise so that we didn't have to then scramble if something came up. So for example, for this year, as we look at regulated acquisitions, and as we've talked in the past before, Tim, they're very spiky and they don't happen overnight and they're in the pipeline and things come up, referendums, different things that may change the timing of some things. So for us, it's a placeholder. And then we got the strategic initiatives. As we've said before, there are things that we look at. Walter mentioned all of our work in the shale play, for example, is all regulated, but we continue to have discussions if we can find a nonregulated shale play that will not require us to take a risk or change our risk profile because we're not going to take a risk on invested capital in the ground. We want to have a return of at a minimum for any of those ventures. So it was a placeholder, but what we also have the ability to do is as we go into a year, we have the ability to shift some of those funds from one place to the other. For example, if we see one area we may not spend as much, we have the opportunity, if we have a need, for example, in the state for additional investment, we can shift it over there. So that's why Walter mentioned, and I and Linda all, we still see a path to the $1.1 billion this year. At the end of the year, it may not be quite in the buckets that we talked about at the first of the year.
Susan N. Story: One of the benefits that we've got, Tim, to that point is, we have the ability to raise capital. We are -- as Linda mentioned, we have a strong credit rating. We have a strong balance sheet. So where, regardless of the state, there are opportunities for systems that have huge demands on their resources and choose to not deploy them in water or wastewater, we provide an option for those folks.
Susan N. Story: Well, thank you all so much. I have to tell you, this is an interesting call, as you heard different voices on here. It has -- I don't think there's ever more an exciting time to be part of American Water. We have an amazing team of people. We've got 6,600 employees that every day, their focus is on making sure that we deliver water and wastewater and all of our services in a way that's clean, safe, affordable and reliable. And we understand what our business is. We're going to stay true to our business with a risk profile you know but also find ways to grow. So thank you for being part of this, and I just want to say that I'm just thrilled to death with the team we've got. Our new CFO is just doing a terrific job, much better than her predecessor. And again, Walter and the continuity we have, with the tremendous expertise we have through our state and our Market-Based business. I'm just proud to be part of this team, and we appreciate you all as investors and analysts.
Walter J. Lynch: Brian, it's Walter. Thanks for the question. What we're doing in New Jersey, as in other states, we're maximizing use of DSIC and other mechanisms. So that we continue to invest and addressing infrastructure challenges and we get recovery in the shortest period of time without going through a rate case. And as you know, our focus on cost, we've been able to keep our costs flat over a number of years. So the real focus for us is where do we invest and the timing of our investment. And we just think the DSIC mechanisms are the perfect mechanisms in each of the states, particularly New Jersey, to invest in our infrastructure.
Walter J. Lynch: And I can say that our drive for efficiency throughout our business has really taken hold. We've got, as I said on prior calls, we have a number of yellow belts that are looking at improving processes and eliminating errors. We have a supply chain that's so engaged with the business on looking to reduce the materials that we purchase. And our entire team is really focused on driving our cost down because they understand the why. The why is so that we can continue to invest in our infrastructure and do so with minimizing our customer impact. So we've made great progress. And as Susan said, we're going to continue to make progress to get below the 35%.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, what we'd like is hot and dry weather. But our business is based on normal weather. So as long as we have -- and it's hard to determine what normal weather is, but as long as we have normal weather, that's what we're looking for.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. We have DSIC in a number of states. But our top 5 states: New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Illinois and Indiana all have DSIC. So again, a significant amount of our investment moves through those mechanisms to get recovery in the quickest amount of time.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, the comments are due back in August 18. And then there's no published timeline, but we'd expect something maybe by the end of the year. No guarantee, but that's what we think.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, Jonathan. We're still seeing the 1% to 2% decline as we have over the last several years, nothing out of the ordinary there.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, we're -- we do discuss with municipalities and others out in California the opportunity to become part of American Water. We'll continue to do that. I think that would probably play into it long term.
Linda G. Sullivan: And Brian, if I could add to that. This is Linda. So when we look at the DSIC mechanisms, they really provide us additional flexibility in terms of the timing of filing our rate cases. And in New Jersey in particular, we're also looking at, from the lower ROE issue, the impact of the consolidated tax adjustment. So if that were to be final, there'd be somewhat of an offset from that as well.
Linda G. Sullivan: So let me start there. So as you implement an ERP system, it takes a little bit of time to go through stabilization and then optimizing the system and then being able to really drive the improvement and get the efficiency out of the system. We are seeing, this year, we implemented our ERP system in 2012. We're seeing that efficiency coming through. This year, we implemented in 2 phases the customer information system as well as our work management system in 2013. So we would expect to move through those same stages through time and begin to continuously drive improvements and optimization.
Linda G. Sullivan: No, we're not. We had -- our last rate case was a black box settlement. And so each of those components are confidential.
Linda G. Sullivan: There's really nothing there. We have to remember, too, what we put out is billed and unbilled revenue and then billed sales volume. So what you're looking at is the billed sales volume piece of it, but we're seeing what would be expected from a usage decline.
