Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the fourth quarter and full year financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our regulated business. On January, the 1st, Walter assumed additional responsibility for operational and safety best practices across our AWE market-based businesses. So periodically, he will give you an update on those efforts as well. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in 2015 for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We invested significant capital into needed upgrade for our system to provide reliable and safe water and wastewater services. We continued our focus on managing costs and deploying technology so that our services remain affordable for our customers and we treated and delivered water that consistently met and surpassed EPA drinking water standards. This includes the lead and copper rule, which has generated a lot of news recently, due to the crisis in Flint, Michigan. American Water samples for lead on a routine basis and our water systems continue to be incompliance with that rule. We expanded our regulated customer base in 2015 by nearly 42,000 metered customers; about 9,000 customers resulted from organic growth in our existing footprint. 24,000 customers joined our system from acquisitions that closed during the year, and additional 9,000 are from acquisitions, where we have written agreements in place and are just awaiting regulatory approval. We also continue to grow our market-based businesses through new contracts and new customers. As you can see on slide seven, we reported operating revenues of $783 million, a 7% increase above fourth quarter 2014. For the full year, operating revenues were nearly $3.2 billion, an increase of about 5% over 2014. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.55 per share for the fourth quarter, a 5.8% increase above fourth quarter 2014. Annual earnings were $2.64 per share, up 8.6% over 2014 adjusted EPS. The fourth quarter includes a $5 million contribution to the American Water Foundation whose work I will discuss briefly before our Q&A session. Turning now to slide eight; you can see that we delivered on our strategies in both the regulated and market-based businesses in 2015. We made about $1.4 billion in total annual investment, the highest in our company's history. We invested $1.2 billion in our regulated system, which improved our long-term service reliability and water quality for our customers. We're able to increase our investment at this level because of the expertise of our hardworking employees and our continuous improvement in both O&M and capital deployment efficiency. We're proud of our ability to deliver on our growth goals and effectively manage every dollar to deliver excellent customer service while we keep our customer bills affordable. Even more importantly, we know that our customers need to be able to trust that the water we provide is clean and safe. So while consistently meeting and surpassing all EPA requirements in 2015, we continued our focus on further strengthening our critical assets. Let me give you a couple of examples. We upgraded two of our company's largest water treatment plants, which serve over 300,000 customers in St. Louis County, Missouri. In Champaign, Illinois, we upgraded chemical treatment facilities nearing the end of their useful life with improvements that included replacing gas coring facilities with safer technology. In addition to these regulated system investments in 2015, we also grew our customer base organically and through regulated acquisitions. Our market-based businesses continue to grow as well. In December, our Contract Services Group was awarded a 10-year O&M contract in Camden, New Jersey with revenue of approximately $125 million. Our Military Services Group expanded to 12 bases with a successful 50-year contract bid for Vandenberg Air Force Base with revenue of approximately $300 million. Our Homeowner Services Group expanded to 1.6 million service warranty contracts and we grew our utility partnerships by adding Rialto, California and the Orlando Utilities Commission. As you know, we expanded our business through the acquisition of Keystone Clearwater Solutions. So, in summary, we produced excellent results for the year through our ongoing customer growth, highest annual capital investment in our history, and we continued our O&M and capital efficiency. This continues our progress toward achieving our goal of 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2020. Based on our performance, our board declared a cash dividend of $0.34 per share during the fourth quarter, and we are affirming our 2016 earnings guidance range of $2.75 per share to $2.85 per share. And with that, Walter will now give you his update.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, let's review the American Water investment thesis we shared with you at our Investor Day and briefly discuss the American Water Foundation. On growth, we affirm our EPS growth goal of 7% to 10% for the next five years. We talked about our unprecedented 2015 capital investments, our continued O&M and capital efficiency and our plans for 2016. We know that reputation, operational excellence, reliability, and dependable water quality are critical to our growth. Where and how we expanded our customer base in 2015 leverages these strengths, growing through tuck-in, adding wastewater customers where we are ready to serve water and growing our market-based businesses. Our people have deep utility expertise and diversified experience and they are our biggest competitive advantage. They also care deeply about our customers in the communities in which they live and serve. This was clearly demonstrated about what our employees dealt with in both Missouri and Illinois during the last week in 2015. Record rainfall of up to 12-inches fell during a powerful three day storm across the Midwest, hitting the St. Louis area hard and causing record flooding. Homes and businesses were submerged, highways closed and water and sewer utilities faced extraordinary challenges. Missouri American has two plants on the Merrimack River, supplying water to about 20% of our customers in the St. Louis County area. Thanks to early planning and the construction of a system of temporary pipes and pumps. Our customers never loss service and we maintained excellent water quality throughout the event. Our wastewater teams also worked around the clock during the heavy rain to remove pumps and motors that otherwise would have been lost to flooding. But it's not just what our Missouri team did for our own customers; it's what they did for the surrounding communities in need. A local public water district had a flooded plant and lost the ability to serve its 20,000 customers. By opening a connection between the systems, Missouri American was able to help the district, serve many of those without water. Additionally, they worked with the National Guard to fill more than 500 tanker trucks that delivered our water outside of our service area, which brings me to the American Water Foundation funded by American Water's parent company which keeps the communities we serve and have a better quality of life. One key Foundation partnership is with the Union Sportsmen Alliance, where we have worked with local union members to build walking trails, public access areas and fishing facilities for communities, including projects for special needs kids. The Foundation also has a partnership with a National Recreation and Parks Association in support of building better communities. Here, we focus on building or enhancing nature-based playgrounds for children and educating people on water and environmental stewardship practices. The Foundation also matches employee donations to qualified charitable organizations up to $1,000 per year per employee. Earlier this month, the Foundation made a $50,000 donation to the Flint Child Health & Development Fund to help the children of Flint, Michigan, get the resources they need to deal with the lead exposure many have experienced. These examples of doing good as we do well, demonstrate the dedication, expertise, strong character and the work ethic of the 6,700 people I get the privilege of working with every day. Certainly, our employees' commitment translates into our strong financial performance, but it also let you know as our investors that we are a company, whose people believe not just in what we do, clean water for life, but also in how we do it. And we believe that it is critical for a company, who wants to be as successful in the coming decades as we are today. So, with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Sure, Rich, and thanks for the question. I will start, and then Linda may want to jump in. So, when we look at all of the different uses of our capital in terms of growth, in terms of raising our dividend, in terms of regulated investment, all of those different things, we look at a balance in optimizing those and also where we get the biggest value from every dollar that we spend. So, we look at growth and the returns we get there. We look at regulated investment and let me be clear that in our investment plan, the first thing we do, is we invest whatever is needed in every one of our state to ensure that we provide safe clean water that meets all EPA standards. So, then beyond that is what we refer to as discretionary. But there is a base amount which is significant well over half of our capital that we spend to ensure that we provide those services. Then beyond that, we look at our dividend growth, which is, we have said, we want to keep consistent with our EPS growth. So, we want those to be correlated, so that's the guidance we've given and we have a 50% to 60% payout ratio and currently we're at the lower end of that range. So, there is room there. When we look at things like debt and I'll let Linda talk about this more, the question we ask is what is best for our customers and our shareholders with the next dollar that we invest or whether we pay down debt or whether we're able to provide dividend. So, as you know, to have a - to be in a strong financial position as we are, we have a lot of optionality and we're always looking at how we optimize that optionality.
Susan Story: Well, thank you, Kerry. And thank you all for participating in our call today. If you've got any questions, please call Greg and Melissa and they will be happy to help. I'd like to remind everyone that our 2016 first quarter earnings call will be on May, the 4, and our Annual Stockholders Meeting would take place on Friday, May, the 13. Thanks again for listening and we'll talk to you in May if not before then. Thanks.
