Susan Hardwick: Thanks, John. To close on Slide 20, you've heard our latest strategic thinking today, and it should sound very familiar. It's all about execution at every level. As we continue to demonstrate our ability to consistently execute, we believe our industry leading EPS and dividend growth, combined with our focus on affordability and ESG leadership will continue to be highly valued and rewarded by investors. We believe these aspects of our business and strategy separate us from all utilities. They are underpinned by our significant low-risk capital investment plan, which includes our best-in-class execution on acquisitions and our excellent regulatory execution, all while maintaining a strong balance sheet with a well-planned debt maturity profile and a differentiated affordability proposition. Through our consistent achievement of high operating standards, including our leading safety culture and water quality accolades, our team at American Water has raised the bar for success in the water and wastewater industry and that includes the outstanding efforts by our Military Services Group team to proudly serve the 18 military installations in our footprint. Our history of executing on our strategies has delivered a very competitive, sustainable shareholder return. With this long-term plan, we have full confidence in our ability to achieve the goals we talked about today and continue our track record of delivering superior shareholder value. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Chris to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Susan Hardwick: And Cheryl, I might just add one additional comment. From a regulatory perspective, this is also a concept that we've been sharing very transparently with regulators. This affordability analysis that we've done, and as we lay out in every jurisdiction, the plan and the investments that we have made, we're right alongside it talking about impacts to customers and how we've thought about the plan and how it affects affordability for the customers in the service territory. So again, it's a concept and a view that we've taken that we think is differentiating here and I think regulators, just as one party, are certainly recognizing that.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, I think that's fair. We want to continue to emphasize that rate-based growth is the driver. Rate-based investment, which includes acquisitions, is the driver. What we're trying to do here, I think, is just give some clarity around or maybe a better view as to how you can measure our progress toward growth through acquisition by giving you that sort of metric around customer additions. The investment that we'll continue to make in acquisitions just rolls into rate-based, which it always has. So no real change in that. I just think it's a better view potentially for investors to be able to see progress we're making around the acquisition strategy.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, it's a good question. Obviously, the numbers that we have laid out here, as Cheryl outlined, continue to be our best estimates of the cost necessary to meet the current proposed rule. Obviously, we don't have a rule yet. So finalizing those numbers will occur once we have a final rule and we do participate in the ongoing litigation around this whole issue. We've laid all that out in the Q. So you can look at that there and probably won't talk much more about it than that since it is ongoing litigation. I think it is fair to say that our estimates today are the costs we would expect to incur. We have to see how the litigation ultimately works out to see what impact that may have. And I think Cheryl covered this well. We do believe, by virtue of our participation in the litigation, that polluters should be our first line here of responsibility. So we are quite involved in that to make sure that that is properly executed.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, I will ask Cheryl to comment on that. We hit on, I think, a pretty high level, but Cheryl, you might want to just reemphasize that.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, there is that 30-day period, and Jonathan, I am unaware of any kind of intervention or any kind of concern over that.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, and the only thing I would add to that is where we don't have an existing mechanism or an approach to ensure timely recovery, we're going to work to design one. Our view here is that these are federally mandated costs, and we are taking care of a problem created by someone else and because of that federal mandate and the federal rule behind it, we think we'll have a great argument to make around recovery and timely recovery. So we'll be looking for where we don't have existing solutions, we'll be looking to create a new opportunity to do that. So there'll be a lot on the regulatory front here to do once we have a final rule and know how this plays out.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, I would just add, Rich, that as Susan said, we look at all the communities that we serve. We look at the demographics, and yet the capital investments are not that different from community to community. And we need to make sure that we are investing at the right level in all of those communities. New regulations like PFAS, but also the lead and copper rule, that is driving a lot of capital investment across the board and so we have to continue to do that and we need to do that in all the communities. So these affordability calculations, the risk priority model that we use, we think it's really the best balance to getting the right amount of infrastructure investment in all of the communities that we serve and as we grow the number of communities that we're serving, that will continue to increase, but we think we're getting the right balance there because we have to treat all of our customers in a fair way. They all deserve clean, safe drinking water.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, as we have looked at this, as I mentioned in my comments earlier, we expect the bulk of the spend to be in our states where we have a larger footprint of customers, New Jersey, for example and the reason for that driver of that being the largest amount of spend is that there is more contamination there in general, but also these are large surface water plants that are very costly to add treatment to. We have Pennsylvania as a larger state, numerous locations there, but we really haven't outlined everywhere that we're going to add treatment, but anywhere that it's a surface water plant as opposed to a groundwater source is going to be a lot more costly to add that treatment and so New Jersey is our biggest dollar state for sure.
Cheryl Norton: Okay. It's pretty formulaic, Jonathan. Yeah, we don't expect there to be any issue with that. It really just follows a formula.
Cheryl Norton: I can take those questions. This is Cheryl. As far as protections around the SOCLA, we have been really engaged in that process, and we have been pushing really hard to ensure that water and wastewater utilities are protected in that space. And so we're going to continue to fight that battle. Right now, you're right, there is a little bit of vulnerability out there, but we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to manage through that and that we're going to be able to impact how we're treated in that space. So more to come on that, but rest assured, we're going to fight like crazy to make sure that we are protected there. And as far as the $50 million, I don't have an exact breakdown, and we haven't talked about an exact breakdown from state to state. But whether or not that would be recovered through mechanisms just depends on the type of mechanisms that a state would have. So if they have a mechanism that would allow them to recover their production costs, any kind of tracker in that space would be really helpful in those costs. In some cases, we have environmental riders that include capital improvements. Some of them include capital and operating improvements, so that would allow them to recover those costs as well. So there's going to be a portion that we're going to be able to recover right up front, but the rest of them will just recover through a general rate case with very little lag, I would anticipate, as far as those costs are concerned.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, Susan, I would just add that that three-year implementation period that we have to put treatment in place gives us time to do those kinds of things and make those regulatory improvements.
John Griffith: And Rich, I'll pick up on the 2% part of your question. As Susan mentioned in her commentary, 2% is a metric that we think is good to think about as a long-term metric given just the short-term variability around acquisitions, but you're right to point it out in this context. As you know, the 8% to 9% rate-based growth is what drives the 7% to 9% earnings growth, but being able to spread that 8% to 9% rate-based growth over a larger customer base is a healthy element of our growth.
John Griffith: Yeah, it's a good question, Rich. Really, there is a big step up. If you think about the increase in our capital plan as we go back from 2021, 2022, 2023 and forward, it's such a significant step up that when you drop 2023 out of the plan and you bring 2028 into the plan, the accumulation of the capital spend through that period, it accounts for a very significant portion of that operating cash flow step up and then as you would also intuitively think, there is increased cash flow in the interim years as well, just given the increase in capital plan.
John Griffith: What we've said is we'll issue it in the middle of our new 2024 to 2028 plan, subject to market conditions, obviously.
John Griffith: No, Jonathan. We really lead this analysis by looking at our credit metrics, and so a lot of it just goes back to what we've said in the past, where incremental CapEx will fund at 50-50 debt and equity. As we think about equity there, it's internally generated funds as well as new issuance. So we think of it as lining up in that regard.
John Griffith: Yeah, I'd say, Jonathan, it's certainly passage of time as part of it. We are investing in our capability across the system, starting with originations as well as due diligence and integrations. As we look at what happens when we make acquisitions and just our standards as a best-in-class operator relative to the systems that we acquire, we just continue to think that there's a lot of momentum there and a lot of strength in us as continuing this program. So it is a capability that we're investing significantly in and, yes, as you pointed out, as we move forward in time, we expect those numbers to become bigger to maintain that relative level of contribution.
John Griffith: We have trackers and deferral accounts in certain states, Jonathan, and we can go through that with you in detail. So there's a mix there of what we pick up already and what would need to be picked up in the future.
John Griffith: Well, Towamencin is one where there's opportunity based on precedent in Pennsylvania. We'll see how the post-PUC approval plays out, but we're just allowing a little bit of latitude in the event that there's any follow-up to the PUC approval from interveners.
John Griffith: Yeah, I would say that we're not close enough yet in terms of time to have made the decision on the exact form of equity. You're right on the timing of the HOS note proceeds, but as we approach the more immediate timing, then we'll develop our thinking closer to that point, but certainly, we'll look and do what's best for shareholders there. I'd say that you've seen us issue the straight equity as we did this year with the $1.7 billion. We issued the convert this year for $1 billion, and so we're willing to look at everything, but I'd say that's a decision we'll make as that time approaches.
John Griffith: Yeah, and let me just clarify, Aditya, on the equity that we've talked about, to be clear, it will be equity, not another instrument to replace the equity. With regards to our cash taxpayer status, with the Inflation Reduction Act, we do expect that we'll become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax in the coming years. Those regulations are not finalized at this point, and there are certain elements that are in play that will dictate the precise timing for when we would become subject to the AMT, but we are expecting that to be the case for us. With regards to the 7% to 9% in a base year, I'd say on that, this is a target that we think of as a long-term target. You're aware that over the last few years, we reset the capital plan with the sale of HOS and the sale of New York, and we needed time to redeploy those proceeds, which was the case in '22 and '23 and as Susan pointed out, our '24 guidance reflects an 8% EPS CAGR at the midpoint. So we really think of 7% to 9% as a long-term target driven by the long-term 8% to 9% rate-based growth CAGR.
