Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. We always end on Slide 16, which talks about the expectations you can hold us accountable for. I'm not going to go through these in any detail because, frankly, they've either already been achieved, as you know, or significant progress has been made. There are none that I at this time have concern will not be achieved by the end of the year. So with that, Ellen, Walter Lynch, our Regulated Operations head and myself will be happy to stand for any questions you might have.
Jeffry E. Sterba: We do have some concern about Ellen believing in the Mayan calendar and hopefully, none of us are going to be the sacrificial lamb as in Mayan culture, but -- sorry, we just had to laugh.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think there clearly will be -- I think, and it really is not administrative-dependent, there's going to be a continued focus on water. And I think Rule 316(b) on the power plant side, which has a direct impact on water, is still outstanding. It won't come out in a ruling until next year. There is going to be again a focus on infrastructure and the need for infrastructure. There was a great article in Bloomberg just yesterday of the fact that I think that if you didn't see it, that raises this issue again. And the reality is it can't be done by the federal budget. So the more that I talk to folks up there, the more that it seems to be well understood. They've got to do something on infrastructure, and it can't be done by the federal government. So other than that, I honestly, or one good thing that is going to come out, and in fact, it already has come out, is that the EPA is finally, going to allow water utilities to give their -- the quality notices that we have to literally send to every customer, they're going to allow us to do that electronically. And in one sense that's small, and in another sense it's big. It's recognizing that this just isn't a bureaucratic process. It's about giving customers information. I don't think you're going to see major impacts on addition of new contaminants. There's a fair amount of work already being done on the emerging contaminants.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it ends up going into rate base, but customer advances, obviously, is applied against that or is a net to that. But yes, it goes through the regulatory process. And that's why under those transactions, frankly, we really aren't taking volumetric risk. As we add those customers or add those points of interconnection, the costs roll in, they're paying retail price for water. And as I told you all before, that doesn't mean we won't do things off on the unregulated side to serve those customers. But we think we really get a double bang when we can do it under this kind of a structure because we get the long-term benefit of residential growth as well as overall economic development. I mean, that's what going to a position us to serve a big area that's growing in parts of the -- particularly Southwest Pennsylvania, that we'll see long-term economic growth and in the areas that we currently don't serve. So with each of these, Michael, what we effectively do is we then -- we are -- we go into the commission with a -- to get a certificate of territory expansion. And that's the other hidden amount -- I won't call it hidden -- but that's the other locking-up our long-term value that we develop.
Jeffry E. Sterba: The only thing I'd add on that, Neil, is who knows what gets done in the next set of years? But one of the areas where there is an agreement between the parties is on corporate tax reduction, rate reduction. And that would extend out the 8 to 10 years.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, that business is profitable. It's a very disciplined business that, frankly, creates some ideas that we are transplanting over into our Regulated Operations. There has been a slowdown in the issuance of RFPs over the last couple of years for base privatization, and we are seeing that dramatically turn. The number of notifications for potential privatization has increased. There are bids outstanding at this stage, but remember these are fairly long processes. They take 16, 18, 24 months from the time that the RFP has left until the time that an award is made. One of the things that slowed that business down was that in the law, the original law, there had been a provision that basically said there had to be a 10% savings to the federal government. The problem is it's 10% from what? And so the way it had been developed was it was 10% from what they were spending. Well, they weren't doing -- they weren't spending appropriately and so that was not a good baseline. We got that law changed in December of last year, and that's what has helped now move forward a new round of RFPs. So we're very bullish on that business. It will be a growth piece for us. There are -- we're the largest provider at this stage, with 10 bases. But there's, obviously others that are in this space and it's -- which is a good thing. It keeps us all on our toes.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Oh, yes. Oh, yes. And what you typically see is that when a base comes online and is awarded, you have a pretty big chunk of catch-up because of the things that just haven't done and they need to be done and so you end up with capital dollars. So we operate the facilities, but we also manage all of the construction that's done. And so you end up with annual awards for the construction as well as the operation and maintenance. The amount of construction will vary year-to-year based on budgets and based on where those bases stand. And again, the biggest amount of construction that you'll see will be in the first 3 to 5 years of the contract because that's when you're playing catch-up, and then you're going into a more steady state construction environment.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it's included in our earnings from the market based businesses. We don't break them out separately between the businesses because, quite frankly, they're fairly small across-the-board. They add up to a reasonable impact, but we don't give the individual business line detail.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, Gerry, let me make a few comments, and Ellen or Walter may add something. Remember that one of our big focuses has been to move to single-tariff pricing. And so as we have had success -- and really what that means is that as we used to have to file individual cases for certain territories and states. As we move to single-tariff pricing, that has collapsed those into one filing per state. So that reduces the number of cases that may actually be filed. The second thing is the DSIC mechanisms, which is the major focus because, obviously, it reduces regulatory lagging, et cetera. So you're seeing more focus on those kinds of mechanisms -- this type of mechanisms. And then rate cases, they may need to be less frequent, a little more time in between.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we look at it as it's basically another New Jersey. Because in New Jersey, we have service line protection on the bill. It's about the same number of customers or territory, if you will, and fairly similar characteristics. And New Jersey is one of our very attractive markets for service line protection. We've got a lot of customers that take multiple services, water, sewer, indoor plumbing. And we're also rolling out electric and water.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, remember, first, we'll go into detail when we're going to give guidance in February. We've got rate cases. As we've said, there'll be 2 more filed this year, and there will be some rate case activity next year, but most of them take a bit of time to get processed. So I think as you look at that, you can kind of time out. Because any case that's going to be filed in April or May next year, is not -- you're going to have minimal, if any, impact on 2013.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I think, by and large, there has been receptivity, and it's the different kinds of things. I mean, we've filed in virtually every proceeding, and in some cases, it shouldn't be in a rate case it needs to be in a different type of proceeding to address declining use. Or to address mechanisms to encourage the investment of capital without a regulatory lag so that we can do the things that's needed on the infrastructure side. So I think, by and large, they're always -- there's hesitancy about doing something that they haven't done before, even if it's being done somewhere else. We are seeing improvement in people thinking about future test years. We had legislation passed, so that's facilitated in Pennsylvania. We have good success in that in Illinois. So I -- it's never what you want it to be, Heike, but it's I think most commissions are moving in the right direction. Let me put it that way. And are there certain jurisdictions that we have targeted for different things? Yes. That's something that we talked to the commissioners about first, but that's -- we certainly have a plan about the next set things that we want to get done.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Right. I wish that we knew the answer. I mean, what we're pleased about is that we have not one but multiple drillers that are interested in working with us on the kind of approaches that we -- these regionalization approaches, as well as ongoing discussions on more directed specific kinds of projects that will either be associated with cleanup of produced water or on the provision of significant water for drilling. But it's a very difficult one to predict.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, frankly, those are great questions, Michael, for you to ask them. It's the schedule -- they have a -- there's a form of contract, but they haven't issued the RFP beyond the qualification stage. So until you get that, it's a little difficult to understand the schedule. I think in their eyes, it's a value question. It's what are they're going to get as cash upfront for the system for someone to operate those systems? We see some opportunity to improve operations in those systems, but they're not terrible systems. They've done a reasonable job. They've got a capital constraint. So I think prices, as you would expect, is going to be a significant issue. But that's about all I can say at this stage as we're still working through our strategy, and part of it is depending on what the criteria are that are in the RFP.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I have no doubt that other criteria will be taken into account. I don't think that -- these decisions are -- they are multi-faceted because it's a long-term decision. How they will weigh those factors, we can't really judge or comment on because it's they're waiting. But I do believe that they will be cognizant of the other factors.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Michael, it is a model. It is one of a couple that we are seeing more frequently in the market. And I really think that we're going to see some diversity in the models that can be applied to the municipal side. This is one that we do believe in. We think it's got some power. I think there's been some challenges, for example, the city originally felt that the state was going to regulate price. They've now been advised by the General Counsel that the state will not do that because the ownership of the system is still with the city. So I think that changes a little bit of the emphasis about who will play and who's got what, just because of the business strategies. So it will vary by state to state. But I think it clearly is a model that will have some legs.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I just thank you all again for joining us, and I know you joined us in thoughts and concerns for the folks affected by the hurricane. And we look forward to seeing you. If we don't see you before Thanksgiving, have a great holiday.
Ellen C. Wolf: I would say at this point in time, the only thing really is weather, which is driving the high results for 2012. And yes, when you look at '13, you need to normalize for weather. And I put the word "normal" in quotes.
Ellen C. Wolf: All right, so the -- I can't believe -- the theory is that the Mayan calender has the destruction of the Earth in 2012, so at this point, we're not sure we need '13 guidance.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Again, on the use per customer, that continues to decline, although this time it's been offset by...
Ellen C. Wolf: Residential offset. On the commercial, industrial and public, most of that, other than customer growth, they're use per customer in those 3 areas of the state is fairly flat. So this is somewhat weather-dependent.
Ellen C. Wolf: So the thing to know, Michael, is that the pipe has 2 purposes: it supplies water to the drillers, but it also is supplying water to residents and customers that are there for the long term.
Ellen C. Wolf: Right now, we've looked at our effective rate of around 40%. Probably we've ranged historically between 38% and 41% or 42%. Right now, we have NOL of around $1 billion and we look at that lasting anywhere out 8 to 10 years.
Ellen C. Wolf: A couple of things have happened. As you know, the [indiscernible] rules are changing as it relates to calculating that liability and, therefore, will have an impact on that cash flow for us beginning in '13. So we are taking a look at that. If you could predict the market for the next 2 months, I might be able to answer that question with a little more certainty. It was doing fine for a while, but we really don't know what's going to happen in the last 2 months. And we do assume these cap rates will continue to decline.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Sorry, Tim. We will be giving guidance in probably at the same -- in February as we've done historically.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Let me -- to further Jeff's point, in California, for example, we now do one rate filing, where historically we would do about 3 a year. Now we do 1 every 3 years. In addition, on the infrastructure surcharge, the power of that can be seen in particular this quarter, where year-to-date we've had 118 in general rate case awards, but $15 million more in DSIC. So probably about 12% or 13% of our rate increases are now coming through this DSIC mechanism.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, on the barrier island, we do believe we may have lost a few customers. Their homes were probably wiped out, but that's a very, very small percentage of our total customer base.
Ellen C. Wolf: And also to remind you, we will continue to do the DSIC filing, which we will have in Pennsylvania, Missouri and other states. As well as for the first time, we will have that filing in New Jersey.
Ellen C. Wolf: That's correct, and we'll give more guidance on that number when we do our guidance for 2013. But it will be within that range.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, the New York acquisition would not have impacted that by quite a bit. New York, as a whole, is in that other category, when you look at somewhere below probably 3% or even less of our revenue as a company.
Ellen C. Wolf: We talk about it on a total. And if you'll remember what we talked about was the impact on EPS, is between $0.13 to $0.16.
Walter J. Lynch: Absolutely, Jeff that's it. We're largest by far. There's some smaller providers there, but we're the big player within Tennessee. And we do have a lot of interconnections, and we're looking to expand in that area.
Walter J. Lynch: We filed the foundational filing back in July, and we had it approved on October 23. So it took roughly the 90 days that we anticipated. And right now, we're investing for that foundational filing. And as Ellen said, we're going to be recognizing the benefits of those sometime in '13.
Walter J. Lynch: Walter. We're not seeing any long-term issues there with the supply to our customers. And as Jeff said in his prepared comments, our employees did a tremendous job moving generators around to make sure that we continue with our service. But we don't see any impact really long-term in any water supply issue.
