Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. If you look at Slide 16, this is the slide -- the standard slide that we've talked about in the past in which you can track our progress. Most of these items, we have not talked about, so I'm not going to go back over them in detail. Let me just highlight a couple. First, one of the items that we've talked about before and Ellen also addressed was the issue of declining residential usage. And every rate case that we have filed this year, it has been addressed there. It is being addressed in different ways. I mean, as you know, there are really 3 different approaches that are being used, and which approach is used is really kind of dependent on where the negotiations and discussions are with that state and what the particular situation of that state may be. So in one instance, we filed, what I call, a more full decoupling mechanism that's like what we have in New York. In other states, we have filed changes in rate design that move us to more emphasis on the fixed and less on the volumetric component of the rate. And in other states, we have used regression analysis over a shorter period of time to do a forward-looking adjustment to residential consumption. So it kind of depends on, which approach we use depends on the state and their particular situation. But it is being addressed in all of the states, and we will continue to push on that hard.  Ellen touched on both the improvements of operating efficiency and earned ROE. Let me just touch on one other aspect of growth. Let me use Homeowner Services this time to just highlight a few things that are going on. We are now moving warranty products into the commercial segment, which is something that we haven't in the past done. We've been focused on the homeowner side, and we're seeing a good opportunity into the commercial side.  We're also exploring ways to expand home service warranty offerings into gas and electric line and appliance care areas to expand the portfolio of offerings that can be available to customers. So those are just a few of the things that continue to help us view that we'll be able to have reasonable growth out of our market-based operations. And as you can tell in the second quarter, as Ellen highlighted, we've picked up revenue of over $12 million and cost decreased of around $9 million. So adding to the bottom line.  With that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Jeffry Sterba: Good question. A couple of things about the Rialto. A, it's not over. It's not been decided what happened as we ended up with a 2-2 vote out of the city council, and that's not a definitive vote. It just did, meant that the deal could not go forward at this stage. So there's still ongoing discussions because they still face a fairly significant problem back in some respects. It seems to be manifesting itself more significantly for them. But I think there are -- there's clearly are some learnings. One of the major challenges, and this can occur in a lot of the situations, is that there's a significant rate increase. Now in this situation, the significant rate increase is there regardless of the proposal we had in front of them. But I think one of the things that happened is that, that rate increase got tied to our proposal because it was a specific proposal. And their own analyst, the old R.W. Beck, SAIC firm, even demonstrated that they would still be facing a significant rate increase. But I think you get that label and it creates tension in a community, particularly during these economic times. The reality that Rialto and other communities have to face is okay. So if not this, then what. And it's the then what that I think some communities will struggle with. Our position and commitment is that we're interested in finding a different way to be able to provide value to those markets. We will not go back to doing it in the traditional, short term, contracted O&M way. And if we can't find a way to do that, well, then we just won't do it. I do believe, though, that there is a market. It's targeted. It's not a broad-based desire of cities to sell out their systems or to do something like this. But there are definitely multiple entities that do have an interest, and those conversations are starting to continue to move. And as I said, Rialto is still on the table. So I think the learnings for us, one, is that the rate impact that a city faces has got to be understood by the city, independent of what we propose. And they really have to help their constituency understand the need to raise rates. And that this is a way -- maybe the same rate increase, but it will create greater longer-term value. And if we can demonstrate that, then I think that business model could be successful.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, in any of, each of these transactions, you have to look at it on its own merits. And in one of the things that at least we're sensitive to is also transaction cost. So there are times you may be able to do something but the transaction costs that could be associated with regulatory approvals, et cetera, can take those whatever the benefits may be to something that just doesn't make it worthwhile. That said, I think the good thing that has happened is that the dialogue has opened up, instead of people kind of hunkered down behind their own walls to have the conversations about how can we benefit the overall industry and our customers. And if there are ways to do that, that are sensible for owners and customers and passed regulatory muster, then there will be a basis to pursue them. I'm not sure that I would forecast that we're going to see a huge rash of this because transactions are still fairly labor-intensive, and there's a pace at which it can go. And I think we and others in the industry were fundamentally based on being utilities that provide service to customers. Transactions are not our business. They can be a way in which we enhance our business.
Jeffry Sterba: You said 9%. I mean, I think it is a 5% growth rate. That's what we have sustained since the IPO. We've talked to an awful lot of our owners about the issue of dividends and the balance between being able to reinvest that capital at a strong regulated rate versus paying it out in dividends, and what's really come out of those conversations in our belief is striking the right balance. And then, what's really important to people is consistency in its growth. And that's really where we're focused. We don't necessarily look at the payout ratio as driving the decision. But obviously, we're in a situation where earnings are growing a bit more rapidly than the dividend is increasing, which has been increasing at 5% a year.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, and also remember that some of our industrial load is in that floodplain area, that in the second quarter had real challenges relative to their operation. If you think about the food processors, a number of the food processors actually got stranded. They couldn't even get to their plants for processing, and that's where we saw some of the volume.
Jeffry Sterba: One of the things that I'm just thinking we may want to -- we may post on our web would be the map that shows all of where the wells -- the current wells are and the new wells are being drilled relative to our service territories because we're not heavily concentrated in the Eastern part of the state. We're more concentrated in the Western and up in the northeastern parts of the state, which are in fact, in that Marcellus region to a much greater degree.
Jeffry Sterba: We certainly are looking at wastewater opportunities. Frankly, what's happening today is the water is going through a reuse. So they dilute the liquids that come back up. About 40% of those liquids come back up fairly quickly to the surface through the well hole and are put into line pits. Then that's being diluted and being used for the next frac-ing. But there are certain situations where already we're starting to see the need for wastewater processing. And Pennsylvania has limited the ability of these high TDS water sources from being put through traditional wastewater treatment. We see wastewater treatment as an integral component of the integrated waste -- of the integrated water cycle. And in fact, are -- have a number of initiatives underway to expand that. So I won't comment any further on specific initiatives, but we are very definitely looking and working in the wastewater treatment area.
Jeffry Sterba: What you have is that -- I don't know, if you want to call it a tipping point or what have you. But as you get hot and dry weather, obviously, that increases sales. You hit a point where drought conditions are imposed and people are first voluntarily and then maybe mandatorily restricted. So they do start to see a decline, but it's a decline from a pretty high level. So you've got to get there before you see the decline.
Jeffry Sterba: As a long-term growth rate, yes, it is still applicable. It is not an individual year-over-year. It's a trend. But yes, it is still applicable.
Jeffry Sterba: That's something we've really taken a pretty close look at, and you never really know. I don't think it is going to alter or slow down the pace at which outsourcing and privatization is done. Over time, it certainly may impact the overall number of bases because I think it is a reasonable expectation through this process, you'll see another brack. So over time, it will certainly impose or that the potential for base closings. But in fact, it may accelerate some things. So, for example, in the base privatization today, there's a requirement that privatization bids must provide at least a 10% savings. When you really get into a budget crunch, if it's not 10%, you go to 0. Or do you, as the government say, "Wait a minute, if we can, say, save 3% or 5% or help avoid some capital expenditures that we don't have the money for, then privatization still makes sense." So there's a counterbalance where it can, in fact, speed up some of the opportunities to take over bases that are currently not in that state.
Jeffry Sterba: Just to add to what Walter said. Our biggest expenditure other than labor is power. And so we've got a number of major energy efficiency elements going into place. Then after that is chemicals, and as Walter said, this is where our supply chain really gets exercised. At the end of the day, though, the major element for us will be efficiency and productivity and the ability to utilize systems we currently do not have relative to both our financial record keeping, our human resource record keeping, our asset management and our customer care system. As you know, we're going through a replacement of those major systems as we speak.
Jeffry Sterba: Heike, yes, I think it's fair to say there will -- it's probably a little back-end loaded for the reason that Ellen mentioned. But with that said, we're going to continue to drive it down every year.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, let me thank you for joining us this morning and appreciate all the questions. Feel free to obviously get hold of Ed or any of us. If you have questions in the meantime, and we will certainly be back on the line after the third quarter, which you know is important to us and be able to report on what I believe will be continued great progress. Thanks.
Walter Lynch: Okay, this is Walter Lynch. I'll take the question. The New Jersey rate request is really tied to the significant capital that we've been putting into the system since our last rate increase. It's really about $300 million, and a big portion of that is the new plant that we're putting up in Short Hills, New Jersey. And that will be completed the summer of 2012. So it's really tied to the capital and the necessary infrastructure investment that we're making in the systems in New Jersey.
Walter Lynch: Yes, particularly the Marcellus Shale. Our service territories overlap many of the drilling sites in Pennsylvania, primarily in our Northeast and Western operations, and that's where we've been selling a lot of water to the 12 different drilling companies we're working with. Year-to-date, through 6 months, we've sold approximately 120 million gallons of these 12 drillers through 29 connection points. So we've been working very closely with them, and again, many of our service territories overlap the drilling sites in Marcellus shale areas.
Walter Lynch: And again, Jeff mentioned that some of the drillers extended lines to reduce the traffic in the areas where we serve. So that's a big benefit as well, and also prolonging the infrastructure of these roads that are in -- many of them are in rural areas. They're not designed for that kind of truck traffic.
Walter Lynch: Yes. We're looking at 0.5% to 1.5%. And we've done a lot of analysis on this using regression trend analysis, particularly in the winter months where weather is not impacting the results. And we're looking at that range of 0.5% to 1.5% typically.
Walter Lynch: And for the long-term, year-over-year, some of the actions we're taking obviously is to reduce our labor expense, make sure that our employees are as efficient as possible. And also leveraging our purchasing. And I mention this every quarter, but we continue to realize significant savings year-over-year in energy, doing a reverse options in our big states, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. And then some of the other expense items such as paving services, our fleet and chemicals where we've been able to show significant reductions year-over-year.
Ellen Wolf: Hi, this is Ellen. The way we file rate cases is really around our capital investment. And as we noted in New Jersey, what we have is an accelerated capital investment because of the need to upgrade and update and put a more modern plant in replacing something that's over 100 years old. You'll note we also filed in Pennsylvania because we have a major project that we had talked about going on there, as well in Pittsburgh. So really the drive around our rate cases is the timing of any major capital investment.
Ellen Wolf: Sure, and let me do that in 2 parts and not just Pennsylvania. Let me go back to 2008 where as a company, we were very -- took the position to apply for a repairs and maintenance deduction, which was not required but was something we took the initiative on because it does provide a cash flow benefit to us, and therefore, our customers. We filed for that back in 2008 and have recorded the benefit of that back at that time and in 2009. And that is one of the main drivers of our tax loss carryforwards that we have that are going to benefit us for a number of years. In 2011, you might remember, on our first quarter, we did announce a benefit of a little under $5 million for Pennsylvania related to adopting bonus depreciation and therefore, realizing a state benefit in the first quarter. And again, we did announce that and took that benefit in the first quarter of 2011.
Ellen Wolf: Yes, and Heike, the majority of that is from rate increases. When you look at the total amount for the year, it again helps us close regulatory lag. It is really around the rate cases that drive that increase.
Ellen Wolf: This would be those infrastructure surcharges that have been awarded in 2010 or 2011 that have not been covered by the rate cases above. So to the extent, if we had had an Illinois decision, that Illinois -- that $1.6 million that's on the chart, that is since the rate case has been decided.
Ellen Wolf: I will have to get you that number, Heike, offhand, I don't know. We'll be looking at -- we can get to this.
Ellen Wolf: Heike, it's difficult to tell what goes on in any one category. But generally, we look at the first quarter as a cleaner quarter, and that is not impacted by weather.
Ellen Wolf: Yes. I think in the first quarter, we did talk about cessation of depreciation. The number for that first quarter was about the same, $0.03. So when you look at the discontinued ops, it has a $0.03 boost in it for the first quarter related to that depreciation.
Ellen Wolf: About $0.09. This is a little higher than you heard at the end of the first quarter because we've now added Ohio to the discontinued operations.
Ellen Wolf: Okay, let me -- if you look at our interest rate year -- our interest expense year-over-year, you will notice that we are about flat in our interest expense. And included in there is about a $3 million benefit that we got from doing some refinancing. So pulling that out, year-over-year, you'll see a decrease in our interest. And that is really driven by the fact that we did a number of refinancings back in 2010 and are seeing the benefits of them this year, as well as some -- we will always continue to look at refinancing opportunities throughout 2011.
Ellen Wolf: Yes. And again, we just look at it on an ongoing basis. We have nothing out there at the moment, but we will continue to look.
Ellen Wolf: On your NOLs, we have significant NOLs. We have over $1 billion of NOLs. These NOLs do not begin expiring until sometime after 2024. But we anticipate utilizing those NOLs in a much shorter timeframe, somewhere in the next 7 to 10 years. A much more detailed analysis, if you would like, it is available on our 10-K on footnote 14.
Ellen Wolf: What we have said is our guidance assumes "normal weather patterns" for the remaining 6 months of the year. You never know, as a matter of fact, today, it's actually raining, and that's as we go into August. So we don't go into sort of predicting the future, and I don't know what will happen for the rest of the quarter. So at this stage, we assume a normal weather pattern.
Ellen Wolf: Yes, the NOLs I mentioned are the federal NOLs, but there are state-specific NOLs as well that are down at the different states. And then even at the federal NOLs are taken into account differently by each state and the rate setting process, not so much the future NOLs but the historic, anything we have in the way of deferred taxes.
Ellen Wolf: One of the reasons we look at O&M over a 12-month period is because we do have fluctuations in the revenue that go up or down. And remember the calculation of that amount is O&M expenses less the impact of purchase order divided by revenue. And so you will see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter just based on weather or usage impacts in the quarter on the revenue side. But our expenses are controlled and you'll see that except for power and chemical, they do not or not impacted by quarter-over-quarter variations. So again, you will see that difference from quarter-to-quarter, but the way to look at is really over a 12-month cycle.
Ellen Wolf: Heike, as we said, our longer-term goal is 40%. It's being driven as was mentioned a lot by putting in new systems because our infrastructure in terms of IT systems is very antiquated and old, can't do some basic things that need to drive our expenses down. And again, we're looking to see continuous improvement within the majority of it coming towards the end as we put those systems in.
