Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to all, and thanks for joining us today. Ellen Wolf, our CFO, is here with me and will join in the presentation. We also have Walter Lynch, our head of Regulated Operations; and Kellye Walker, our General Counsel and Chief Administrator Officer, with us.  We're pleased to announce continued strong performance for 2011 on virtually all fronts. My comments will be brief, since we've previously covered our general performance during the earnings guidance call that we just held a few weeks ago. Additionally, we'll be discussing results for the full year of 2011. Details around the year and the fourth quarter in specific will be able to be found in the 10-K, which should be filed tomorrow.  Turning to Slide 5, you can see that we delivered solid results for the year all around. Total revenues increased $111 million year-over-year to approximately $2.7 billion. Adjusted net income and earnings per share increased to approximately $320 million and $1.81 per share, respectively.  These adjusted earnings are represented in the same manner that we have throughout the year, and Ellen will go through those adjustments in more detail. In 2011, our regulated O&M expense was flat to 2010, which when coupled with a 3.6% increase in regulated revenues, drove 170 basis point improvement in our O&M efficiency ratio, from 45.5% to 43.8% over the last 12 months.  We also generated a 4.3% year-over-year increase in consolidated cash flow, and when you take into account a onetime tax refund that was received in 2010 and an additional pension contribution that we made at the end of 2011, cash flow from operations really increased about 16%. All of these items resulted in slightly more than 100 basis points increase in our earned ROE to just over 7.5%.  While we're not yet where we want to be, significant progress has obviously been made. In recognition of this financial performance, as we previously announced, our quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.23 per share was declared in December. And additionally, on February 24 of this year, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.23 per share payable on June 1, 2012, to shareholders of record as of April 20, 2012. We also reaffirm the 2012 earnings guidance range we provided a few weeks ago of between $1.90 to $2 per share for ongoing operations.  Before turning the call over to Ellen to go into more detail on this year's financial results, let me just note that Slide 6 shows that we successfully accomplished all of the items we laid out for 2011 at our Analyst Day a little over a year ago. We're very pleased with this progress and look forward to continuing that trend into and through this year. With that said, Ellen, let me turn it over to you. 
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. So in addition to growing ongoing earnings to $1.90 to $2 per share, what else should you expect from us in 2012? Well, if you look at Slide 15, we have laid out, once again, the expectations that you can judge us by as we go through the year for this next year. First and foremost, we'll remain dedicated to providing safe and reliable water services to our customers and the communities that we serve. We'll also continue our portfolio optimization effort with the closure of the Ohio-New York transactions and continued evaluation of other opportunities that may present themselves.  We'll also continue to be active on the regulatory front, both in filing appropriate rate cases needed to earn an appropriate return on our investments, to actively addressing regulatory issues like regulatory lag and usage trends that Ellen talked about, and continuing to champion the increased use of infrastructure surcharge mechanisms to help minimize rate impact, as well as provide the cash flow necessary to maintain the level of investment that we do.  And lastly, in our market-based operations, we will continue to expand the businesses that show promising growth like our homeowner services and military contract operations, while seeking to optimize the contribution from our muni contract ops group. These efforts will anchor our long-term earnings per share growth range of 7% to 10%. With approximately a 3% dividend yield, we seek to provide investors with a double-digit investment return with a thesis centered around investing in our country's critical water infrastructure. Again, we're very pleased with the 2011 performance and believe that we will keep the momentum moving through 2012.  With that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. Dan, there's really a series that focus on our operating excellence mantra. So trying to drive operating cost, for example, we have initiated 2 rounds of new efforts regarding our supply chain, where we have over $2 billion of flows through it. But quite frankly, we found that we're not really leveraging it across the system as much as we could. We do a good job, just not great. And so we're finding opportunities. For example, just from a recent pipe acquisition, we saved somewhere in the $3 million to $5 million range. We've got one in process on our fleet and meters, and we're seeing really good, solid results as we move from really -- move more into what I like to call strategic sourcing initiatives. We also, with the bringing forward of the elements of the SAP system through what we called Business Transformation, the first of 3 phases of which will go into service in August, we won't really see savings this year. But as we go forward, particularly starting in '14 and out, we will be able to drive savings in both our -- largely labor, which we can, hopefully, manage mostly through attrition, because these systems are going to enable a much higher degree of automation, a much higher degree of data that we can mine. And then last, I would just put it as, really, driving a culture of continuous improvement, where we're already starting to see the impact of projects that -- they may save $0.5 million here, $0.25 million there. But frankly, that starts to add up. So there is not one big thing, there are a series of things of which we are tackling: the processes we use to get our work done, to procure the materials for it, and how we deploy our skilled labor to meet the needs of our customers. 
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. Just on the strategic sourcing. All the other items -- because some of the sourcing, a lot of the sourcing that we're doing does affect our O&M costs, obviously, the labor side and being able to hold our labor cost constant through increased efficiency, as well as -- give you an example on the supply chain where it directly hits the O&M: our chemicals and power acquisition. So for example, what we've done with this entity called ENBALA to be able to sell power back into the grid, not just in a regular demand-management way, but really selling ancillary services, which have high value in markets like PJM. That drives down operating cost right away. So Ellen was referring just really to some of the strategic sourcing, which is more geared around our capital side. But we're exercising the same kind of approaches relative to the operating cost we procure through the supply chain. 
Jeffry Sterba: Over time, Dan,  we won't retain -- we don't anticipate retaining it. What it really does is help mitigate rate increases over time, that allows us to invest more capital on which we earn. So the way we look at it with our employees is, look, for every $1 of O&M expense we're able to take out of rates we can, in turn, invest $6 of capital with the same rate impact and earn $0.30 a share per year. So it's really a matter of helping structure what rates are made of to create more value for customers by infrastructure investment, which in return creates value for our owners because of the returns on that investment. The challenge, and what we want to make sure we avoid, is kind of what happened to the electric industry back in the early '90s when we pushed too far on rates. And all of a sudden, with O&M costs going up and capital being invested, regulators said, "Wait a minute. This is just too much pressure on customers." And so we ended up getting capital disallowed and all the things that I really don't ever want to go through again. So we expect, over time, we'll get back all the O&M savings. We'll keep it for windows of time until the next rate case, et cetera. But it really is given back and it creates headroom, if you will, for capital expansion. 
Jeffry Sterba: And a lot of the items where you're seeing more rapid escalation -- for example, copper, frankly, we've reduced our use of copper and are reducing it further by going to other materials. So it has had less impact on us than it probably would have had 5 years ago. 
Jeffry Sterba: Michael, just a clarification. When we say it's a non-unanimous settlement, all parties have agreed not to contest it, even though they may not have signed onto the stipulation. So it's not going to be a contested stipulation. 
Jeffry Sterba: I think they're coming out and releasing what their case, et cetera, is. It's really kind of, as Walter said, part of the process. I think there's certainly more focus on increasing rates. But I think we're reasonably -- we're hopeful that we'll be able to get to a good place for customers and for us, and have a reason to believe that will occur. 
Jeffry Sterba: The only other one I'd mention would be California, where we do have a partial settlement that covers most of the rate case. And we did have hearings on the cost of capital, which seemed to go very well. They were, quite frankly, fairly short. And so we remain optimistic that the cost of capital element will get put in place and the rate case will get resolved. We do have the assurance from the commission that the rates will be retro to January 1 of 2012. So while we'd like to get them in place, we're not losing anything. 
Jeffry Sterba: Everything seems to be going according to plan, as we -- we believe that the commission will be holding -- they've gotten comments, they've received comments from parties. I'd say that the comments that were received on the proposal were generally positive and supportive of what's been in place. So we would expect that the commission would act on those comments and put forward the order within the next 30, 45 days, something like that. I don't think it should go much longer than that. So it's really -- now that it finally got through after the election, I think it's moving according to the schedule. And again, remember that, that probably won't have an impact on our earnings until we move into the second half of '13. 
Jeffry Sterba: Well, again, thanks very much for joining us today. And we look forward to -- if we don't talk to you before the next quarterly call, we'll talk to you then. Have a great week. 
Ellen Wolf: And Dan, if I can add, these strategic sourcing savings that Jeff is talking about is really around our capital and capital spend. And the money that we would save there, we can then reinvest in other capital projects within the system, which over the long run, as we replace those pipes faster, can help us on our O&M number. 
Ellen Wolf: We'll still have slight, a very small amounts of equity that will be raised through the dividend reinvestment plan, as well as through any employee stock purchases. But that is, as you see historically, is minimal. 
Ellen Wolf: Prices came down a little bit in '09 and '10. But not all that much, if you'll remember, because there was a lot of federal dollars going towards construction. So there wasn't that same amount of drive down to get business. And as Jeff said, a lot of this is around major projects. The Pennsylvania and New Jersey projects continue into '12. We have, as we've talked about before, a major project starting in California related to the supply issues out in California. So the capital continues to increase based on the needs. 
Ellen Wolf: And we'll disclose those to you as soon as we have them, we will let -- as soon as we know that they can become public, we will make them public. 
Ellen Wolf: And I'd like to remind, normally in New Jersey, it's a 9- to 12-month process and we're still well within that timeframe. 
Ellen Wolf: The actual cash flow which came in was $461 million. The difference is debt that was assumed and yes, we are booking it. The cash has come in, we've used it to pay down our short-term debt. And we were very happy to have it. And any other items related to the transaction will be booked in the first quarter. But as we noted, because there was the technical loss on the sale due to the goodwill at the parent company, all of that was now booked in 2011. 
Ellen Wolf: The only one that is truly mandated and less biased that we see is the Illinois  rate case. And as we've said, that's 11 months. So that won't be until much later in the year. But again, it's something you might want to look at. And as Walter said earlier, there's settlement in New York and Missouri. So we would watch for timing on those as well. 
Ellen Wolf: No. We'll get it worked up for you and supply it. We don't have it at the moment. And again, I just need to caution you, it's an approximate number because each state has a very different nuance to it, so we do a very high-level rate base number. 
Ellen Wolf: No, we did not. We did say that we do continue to look at the decline as we put together our revenue figures. 
Walter Lynch: This is Walter. No terms available yet, but we did reach a non-unanimous settlement and it's going to be going in front of the commission at some point. 
Walter Lynch: Well, the New Jersey rate case is going through its normal process. And right now, we're in discussions with all parties to try to reach settlement. And so it's a going through its normal process with a normal timing. 
Walter Lynch: No. I think that's it. Getting New Jersey DSIC in place is obviously one of our keys. But we continue to look at the declining usage mechanisms in each of the states and working through some and [ph] to recognize that the decline, as we've said in this discussion here, is a little more  steep than what's been going on in the past and we want to get recovery of those revenues. So that's really a huge focus for us. 
