Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Once again, the employees of American Water delivered solid results as we continue to execute on our low-risk profile and predictable growth story. Let's move to slide five to cover the highlights of our second quarter and six month results. Our second quarter 2021 earnings per share increased 17.5% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Included in the results is a $0.03 per share benefit from weather, primarily in the Northeast where we saw a moderate impact from warmer and drier than normal conditions. In the first six months of 2021, we invested $782 million with the majority dedicated to needed infrastructure improvements to better serve our customers. We continue to work hard to minimize the bill impacts of these investments by focusing on capital and operating efficiencies, constructive regulatory outcomes and by leveraging the size and scale of our business. As a reminder, we previously announced an O&M efficiency target of 30.4% by 2025. We also continue our disciplined approach to regulated acquisitions. We have added approximately 11,200 customer connections to-date through closed acquisitions and organic growth and look forward to welcoming an additional 86,900 customer connections through pending acquisitions. I will provide more detail on growth in a moment.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks Susan. Before we move on your questions, I want to take a few minutes to talk about our ESG highlights of the last six months. We have been hearing from stakeholders that they would like to receive more ESG data on an annual basis. We have publish two new documents on our website. First, we made our environmental policy more visible by posting it on our ESG page. We also posted an ESG data summary, which we will update annually. We also continue to implement best practices and respond to surveys and reports. For example, just last week we submitted our annual CDP climate change response which highlights American Water's efforts to address greenhouse gas emissions and risks associated with climate variability. As we have discussed previously since 2007 through year-end 2020, we have reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 36%. This means we are close to our goal of a 40% reduction by 2025. I also want to mention our recent recognition as a top score in the Disability Equality Index for third year in a row. We firmly believe we are more successful when our workforce reflects the communities that we serve. We are proud to be recognized by DEI and to be an ally to those with different abilities. Finally, as a reminder, we will be publishing and posting our 2019 to 2020 sustainability report this fall. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Walter Lynch: Well, we continue to work with Liberty cooperatively to get to the endpoint of selling the systems and we do believe that this sale will happen. We are working with the commission staff, with the commission, with the Governor's office to advance this sale. There's just a lot there as far as the North Shore Water Authority, the South Shore Water Authority, there was legislation passed waiting Governor's approval. That's just all part, I think, of how they are looking at this on Long Island to get this deal done. So again, we continue to work in a cooperative way with everybody to get to the endpoint. We are confident that this will happen.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks for that Shar. And we welcome the attention to the water and wastewater industry. Significant investment is needed over the next 20 years. And we have talked many times about $1 trillion needed. So while this is good money to be put to good causes, there is still a lot to go. And again, we are just happy to be in discussion with the administration as far as in the infrastructure plan. We do think the money set aside for the lead service line replacement and also the PFAS treatment is good and it will help many communities out there. But again, it's a drop in the bucket compared to the overall spending that's necessary. And we don't see it impacting in any way our investment or our growth in the water and wastewater sector through acquisitions.
Walter Lynch: Well, as we know, this is a multiyear process. And right now, they are working through getting approval from the Local Agency Formation Commission and once they get that approval, they have got to go through a series of different trials, the right to take trial and then evaluation trial. And so again, it will take years to work through that. But the first step is getting through what's called LAFCO, getting their approval before they can move forward with the condemnation.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Ryan, there is really nothing more we can say. It's ongoing. Our disclosure is everything that we can say about it at this point.
Walter Lynch: Well, in Pennsylvania, there is a Senate Bill that's right in line with the Water Accountability Act, Water Quality Accountability Act. So we are tracking that. That's working its way through in the Senate and then it will be introduced into the House over there. So we are expecting that to progress this year in 2021. So keep an eye out for that. That will be the fourth state. As you know, we are working with Missouri and Indiana to get theirs and also started here in New Jersey. So we are thrilled that Pennsylvania is moving forward with that.
Walter Lynch: Yes. We are working through that. We do expect the sale to go to Liberty in its entirety and then they would work through whatever comes after that.
Walter Lynch: Well, again, we benefit from having diversity across, geographic diversity across our systems. So we have seen some wetter than normal conditions in some areas, but offset by drier in others. But overall, I would say again, some additional precipitation in some areas, in others not so., but all we can set this point, Durgesh.
Walter Lynch: Well, at 1.5% to 2%, we are around 50,000 to 60,000 to 70,000 customers a year, is what you should think in that term. And again, we continue to build our pipeline, Insoo. And we have increase it from 1.23 million to 1.3 million. We continue to have discussions with communities across our footprint because we can provide solutions and that's what they are looking for. So we are really proud of our efforts there and we just continue to build that pipeline. And we are really proud to have 37 different deals signed up, waiting the regulatory approval across eight different states. So the growth is not just happening in two or three or four states, it's happening across our footprint.
Walter Lynch: It's a real combination. I would say, looking at the categories that water quality and resiliency are going to continue to get a good size of our investment and maybe even increasing over time, just because with all the storms and the weather variability out there, we need to continue to make sure that our systems are resilient and we need to continue to address the emerging contaminants like PFAS and other. So it's going to require significant investment. Hopefully that answers your question.
Walter Lynch: We will continue to evaluate that, Jonathan. We are just really thrilled that we were able to expand the program outside of St. Louis County. And our team has worked hard to provide the input to the commission to see how important that is that we invest across our footprint in Missouri. So we are excited about that. And also increasing the cap so we can make more investment before we have to go into a rate case. So it may contribute in some way to the time in between rate cases.
Walter Lynch: No. None here. Well, Pennsylvania Commission has always been great to work with and reasonable in their treatment towards us and we expect that going forward.
Walter Lynch: Yes. We are assuming, at this point, the first half of 2022. We submitted our application on July 1. The Commission is looking at it. Once they deem it complete, then they will start processing. And again, we think first half of 2022.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me say, we are confident in the $1.9 billion number and that's from obviously, the investment in our systems and the acquisitions that we are making.
Walter Lynch: Thank you for joining our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope that our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment of our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team. They will be happy to answer them. Thanks again and be safe.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Walter. Let's start on slide 11 with a review of results. Second quarter 2021 earnings were $1.14 per share compared to $0.97 per share in the second quarter of 2020. As Walter mentioned, included in earnings is an estimated $0.03 per share favorable impact from weather, primarily in the Northeast where we saw conditions warmer and drier than normal through the quarter. Results for the regulated business segment were $1.18 per share, an increase of $0.21 per share compared to 2020 earnings. Results for the market-based business were $0.11 per share, a decrease of $0.02 per share. And finally, parent company results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the same period last year. Our 2021 earnings through June 30 were $1.87 per share, an increase of $0.22 per share compared to the same period last year. Results for the six month period include the estimated $0.03 per share favorable impact from weather in the second quarter of 2021. Regulated business results increased $0.27 per share compared to 2020 earnings and our market-based business results decreased $0.05 per share and parent company results were unchanged year-over-year. Moving on to slide 12, let me provide just a few more detailed by business. As I noted earlier, regulated results increased $0.21 per share and we saw $0.30 per share increase in revenues from new rates in effect from acquisitions and from the lower demand in the second quarter of 2020 from the COVID-19 pandemic. As a reminder, we saw the 2020 full year impact on demand due to the pandemic to be nearly zero and we see no real lingering impact on demand in 2021. Also, as I mentioned previously, results reflect an estimated $0.03 per share increase from warmer and drier than normal weather, primarily in the Northeast. Partially offsetting these results, O&M expense increased by $0.09 per share and depreciation expense increased $0.03 per share in support of growth in the regulated business. The market-based business results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the second quarter of 2020. The lower results reflect increased claims in 2021 in the homeowner services group. The parent results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020, largely driven by higher interest expense to support regulated growth. While on the topic of result, I would like to also reiterate what we told you last quarter with regard to the company's lower effective income tax rate. This results from an increase in the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes as agreed to through the regulatory process and is largely offset with lower revenue, resulting in no material impact to earnings. And we will continue to see this impact as that amortization continues.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Let me make just a couple comments and Walter can certainly weigh in. I think the weather event that we saw in the first quarter in Texas and Illinois, that was really isolated to the first quarter. But we have seen the continuation of sort of higher claims experience, I think really largely driven by more at-home activities. We have got more folks at home and there is more pressure on systems. And so we are seeing more failures and more work being done by the HOS team and so that claims experience has been a bit higher than we would have expected. And I think you can also expect higher claims just simply from growth in the business. We have seen more of that occur. And there is also a little bit of higher marketing expense. We didn't call that out specifically, but a bit more marketing expense, as we continue to introduce new products throughout the HOS territory. So it really is a factor, I think, of sort of the pandemic itself and just a bit higher experience than we would have anticipated.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it. Again, we have just seen a much higher claims experience than we have in the prior periods. And we really think, again, much of it is related to more at-home activities. The business continues to grow. We continue to execute on our partnership arrangements. We continue to look for new products and roll out new products in that business. So I think the business is just fundamentally doing what we have set out for it to do. This claims experience issue is one that I think, again, is directly related to just activity. And we will hopefully see that mitigate some as we head into the latter part of this year and into next as we hopefully, although it's difficult to sort of imagine that on a day-to-day basis these days, we would return to some sort of a normal environment where people are sort of out of the homes and back in work environments. But that really is the primary driver. I would say the rest of the business is operating as we would expect it to.
