Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Susan Hardwick, will cover our third quarter financial results; and our COO, Walter Lynch will give key updates on our operations. American Water employees continue to deliver strong results. Let me highlight just a few of our third quarter accomplishments.We continue to have strong financial performance. Adjusted earnings were up 10.8% compared to last year's third quarter, and we saw growth in both our regulated and market based businesses. In our regulated business, we've added more than 57,000 customer connections year-to-date. This includes 46,900 customers through closed acquisitions and 10,400 through organic growth in our existing service areas.We most recently closed on the water assets of Steelton Borough, Pennsylvania, and Lake Station, Indiana, as well as the wastewater assets of Exeter Township in Pennsylvania. We're excited to welcome our new customers and our new employees. Additionally, in the coming months, we will welcome an additional 26,400 customer connections through agreements that are signed and pending.Moving to our market based businesses; we're extremely honored to be awarded Department of Defense contracts for the water and wastewater systems at Joint Base San Antonio in Texas, and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Joint Base San Antonio includes Randolph Air Force Base, Fort Sam Houston, Camp Bullis and Lackland Air Force Base. These installations support over 187,000 jobs across the state of Texas.The United States Military Academy at West Point is the oldest continually operated army post in the United States. The campus is home to 4,400 cadets, and was once home to our own CEO Walter Lynch, a West Point alumnus and Army veteran. The opportunity to expand our military footprint to 16 bases across the country is a testament to American Water's industry leading water research, development and operational excellence.It's a privilege to ensure the delivery of safe, clean and reliable water and wastewater services for our country's military members and their families. With this continued strong performance and our disciplined approach to our business, we are narrowing our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $3.56 to $3.64 per share from $3.54 to $3.64.Moving to Slide 6, the foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. Through September 30, we invested around $1.3 billion, with about 1.2 billion into our existing regulated infrastructure, and around 85 million in regulated acquisition closings.We expect to invest approximately $1.9 billion total for the full year, with projections of more than 260 million for regulated acquisition closings and around 1.7 billion to address the continued and growing need for infrastructure investment across our footprint. Results for our market based businesses are also strong, contributing to both net income growth and cash flow generation given the capital light nature of these businesses.So in summary, we will continue to invest in our infrastructure, and we have line of sight to a 31.5% O&M efficiency ratio by 2023, which is key to ensuring affordability for our customers as we make these much needed investments. And finally, we remain on track to meet our 7% to 10% long-term earnings growth target.Now, Walter will give a more detailed update on our regulated business.
Susan Story: Thanks, Susan. Many factors go into producing our consistent financial results. At the top of that list is a commitment to be the best at the fundamentals of the business. One of the most basic things we have to do as a water utility is the quality of the over 1 billion gallons of water, we provide every day throughout the United States. And whether you call it our purpose or mission or just part of the SG, we know that if we don't deliver water that is safe and reliable and nothing else, we do matters.You see on this slide just a few of the headlines we're all reading about threats to the safety of drinking water, including lead, Legionella, P5 cyanotoxins [ph]. These are real threats that require expert and knowledgeable people in organizations who have the breadth, depth and experience to ensure the safety of the critical human need of water. And at American Water we never forget that at the end of every water pipe, there's a family that's depending on us to provide this critical need, and that every fire hydrant lives could depend on the right pressures and volumes, and that every wastewater plant serves as a shield against potential disease.And every community should be stronger because we're there. And at the end of the day, we also know that what we do in our customers and community's best long-term interest will also be in our investors' best long-term interest. And that's what we believe it means to be a truly sustainable company. I want to close our prepared remarks by saying how much our hearts go out to the millions of people who are affected by the horrific fires in California, and how much we are in all of the amazing work being done around the clock by the incredibly brave and talented firefighters. Our California American Water employees have also been working 24x7 to keep water service to our customers there when the power is out.We're using backup mobile and permanent generators. We're also using remote monitoring for our facilities when they're under mandatory evacuations, so we can minimize the hardship our customers may be facing during these difficult times. We were able to maintain service the entire time during the Kincaid fire and power outages, which affected two of our smaller operations in Geyserville with approximately 300 customer connections and Larkfield with approximately 2,100 connections our infrastructure assets have not been damaged. I just want to publicly thank our hardworking employees who have truly kept the water flowing to our customers under these difficult conditions.And with that we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: So sure, one thing that I will remind everybody is that JEA has publicly announced who would be in the next round of participation. And we're very respectful of JEA and their process. And so we can't really comment any further on anything additional about JEA. And all I will say is that we've not made any changes to our previously communicated business model strategy.
Susan Story: At one point we had said we expected award of up to three bases. We don't like to predict what the Department of Defense will do. The two that were awarded this year that we won, those came in September. We're not sure if there will be any others that are awarded. We do currently have five outstanding RFPs that we expect over the next one, two, three, four or five years. We do think there may be some that are awarded in 2020.
Susan Story: Right, so I think what you're referring to is there is a group called the Environmental Working Group that rather than looking at EPA guidelines and regulations or state regulations or even some of the unregulated contaminants that the EPA is looking at. I think they have come up with some of their own standards. And they've run stories that GE – even though we have all these water quality results, they're not living up to whatever standard this group has decided is appropriate. So I mean our response to that is that we take water quality and safety very seriously. The EPA establishes drinking water standards to protect the public health. We treat and deliver water that is – meets or surpasses every one of those.And in fact, the EPA has a special program that's called the Unregulated Contaminant Monitoring Rule, which looks at another 40 contaminants that really aren't regulated. But we voluntarily have adopted those, so that they can look and see what the impacts of those are. We meet or surpass all of our states. At the end of the day, there are a lot of groups out there who may decide that they're going to set their own goals and their own policies, but we really can't follow what every individual group does along those lines. So but we are meeting all of the EPA, we are voluntarily adopting 40 that aren't even regulated, but that we're continuing to monitor and we're acting as if they're regulated and meeting all state requirements.
Susan Story: Yeah, so Durgesh Joint Base San Antonio because it is comprised two army and two Air Force bases, I believe is the largest that we have in our 16 bases in terms of the 50 year, over 700 million revenue. It's the largest that we've had. And West Point is nice size military installation. Also, we do know that, just like across the US where there are infrastructure needs, we're finding at the military bases that a lot of their infrastructure is from right after World War II when most of the military bases were built. So if you remember, we make money three ways with the military bases. There's a 50 year O&M contract, then when we take over, there's typically upgrades we need to make. And then any future projects that are capital or working capital on these bases, we then can add that as part of the O&M. And we get paid to do those plus the fee.So what we're finding is the military bases also need infrastructure upgrades and investment just like the rest of the country does. So we're looking at these in terms of all three of those areas. So we're very pleased. In Texas, we have Fort Hood, which is also, I believe, one of the top two or three largest bases we have. So it's very exciting to us to be able to grow in that respect. And then we look and the Air Force and the army continue to be quite active. There's a lot of opportunity in Navy, we believe they have really not done much privatization. So we're stepping back looking at the basis and facilities across the country. Again, we have five outstanding RFPs that we're already in the middle of the process and we're looking to any new ones that may come up in the next year.
Susan Story: So first of all we don't talk about margins. However, it's a great point while to technically, we assume these contracts on September 30, there's pretty much a standard eight month transition for each of these bases. And by June the 30th of next year, we will be fully operational on those bases with the full amount of revenue that we get from those bases at that point.
Susan Story: No, so it may be a little confusing. What we did on the chart is we broke out regulated acquisitions, capital from the infrastructure. So we're still looking at around 1.9 billion, which is what we had guided to, so its 1.9 billion total. And what we expect that breakdown to be is around 1.7 billion into our existing regulated infrastructure and probably 250, 260 million on regulated acquisitions.
Susan Story: And Walter is exactly right. And into remind many of you, and I think we have said this in the past. When we look at – and we do have a corporate business development group and we're always looking at every state across the country, we actually have them kind of looking at the regulatory environment, the business environment. But the thing that typically will slow us down from going into new state is we believe it's important that within five years, we have 50,000 customer connections because part of our brand is affordability and the fact that we're looking at O&M inefficiency. And if you just have a couple of 3,000 in a state, it's very hard to get those efficiencies. So when we're looking at whether we would go into new state, those are kind of the three gates that we have that we would go through.
Susan Story: Thank you, Alyssa. Thank you all for participating in our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners and as a financial analyst who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around your investments in our stock. If you've not been able to get your question out or if we haven't answered them thoroughly, please call Ed or Ralph and they'll be happy to help. And we're very excited that while we've been the only water utility, which was an EEI associate member for the past three years, we're very pleased that EEI has added a new category of strategic partners for water utilities. And because of this, we will be attending our first EEI Financial Conference in a couple of weeks, and we'll see many of you there. Also, we will be hosting our Investor Day on Wednesday, December 11 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you all there. Expect an invitation very soon from our IR team. Thanks again for listening.
Walter Lynch: Hi, Shar, Walter here, we need the approvals from the California Coastal Commission. Their next meeting is scheduled on November 14 and they're going to take it up at that meeting. So that's the next approval that we need.
Walter Lynch: We're really encouraged by the legislation. That's why I wanted to highlight it on the call. We think it'll open up more opportunities. And I think there's recognition that American Water can play a role there in providing water services for communities that are having trouble doing it on their own. So it's consistent with legislation. It's been in Indiana and across the country, about how we can play a role to help the communities.
Walter Lynch: Yes, I mean it – well, we think that there'll be more discussions, but it's going to take time to work this through and have the communities realize that they do have these options, but it's just part of the overall favorable legislation that we're seeing across the country. Because, again, I think legislators are realizing that we can play a significant role in helping these communities.
Walter Lynch: No, it's really both. We continue to invest in our infrastructure in the states where we operate; we continue to look for opportunities in those states. But we also look outside our footprint. And for us to enter a new state, we really need a good business environment, a good regulatory environment and then the opportunity to grow to a certain size because we just don't want to buy a small system and just have that system. So we want to be able to expand in the state. So we're looking at that and we actively look at that, but we do both. And as far as growth goes inside, our growth, we're investing, as we said 1.7 billion this year. And we're going to be spending over 250 million to acquire systems in our footprint, which is I think tremendous, and just shows the dedication and the value that we're providing to these communities.
Walter Lynch: Yeah, I'll take that question. This is Walter. The primary reason that the staff voted no, was they see the expansion of the Pure Water Monterey recycling project is capable of providing sufficient water to meet the future demands. We don't agree with that. And it's actually not in line with what the PUC discovered as well as far as the future demand. So that's the real area of contention. And so the November 14 hearing and meeting we're going to be putting our views forward on that. But I mean that's where the disagreement comes in. And we actually had an environmental impact report that stated the demand was much higher as well.
