Linda Sullivan: Yes, and thank you Susan for your very kind words and your inspirational leadership. I have learned more from you in the last 5 years in my entire career and I thank you immensely. You know, my husband and I took the road-less travel when we moved from California to New Jersey 5 years ago and being part of the American Water team turns out to be the best career decision of my life and I would not trade this experience for anything in the world. And to our analysts and investors, I want you to know that one of my favorite things to do is to meet with you and discuss the American Water story and listen to your insights and views. You are truly the grand teachers and thought leaders of our industry. It has been an absolute pleasure learning from all of you. So now after 30 years in the utility industry, this decision to retire is the hardest career decision I have made and at the same time the easiest personal decision for me and my family. It's hard because I love everything about American Water, the leadership team, my colleagues, my team, the board, and our collective ability to do what we say we're going to do. I believe American Water is the best run utility in the nation and with our announcement today bringing Susan Hardwick on board, I am confident it will continue to be just that. Personally, this is an easy decision for me. My coast-to-coast family is rapidly expanding with two grandsons and a granddaughter due in June and I am fortunate in this stage of life to be able to follow that strong pull of my heart. And you know, it's really hard to explain the way grandchildren make you feel, but there is a song lyric and it's by Andy Grammar that sums it up pretty well, it says, I think I finally found my hallelujah. So, I also love the work I do on several boards and I am eager to spend more time pursuing that passion plus my bucket list is approaching the size of a novel and my husband Tom and I look forward to living those dreams. I would like to thank the leadership team and board for being so understanding and gracious about my decision and working with me through a strong succession plan. I am thrilled to have Susan Hardwick join the team. She will bring tremendous value to American Water.
Linda Sullivan: And, Angie, if I can add to that, in our cost of capital decision as Susan mentioned, we did have a lot of conversations about investments in California, and it's really important to note that although our ROE decreased to 9.2% in that proceeding, our equity ratio increased from 53% to 55.4%.
Linda Sullivan: And Jonathan, I'll add to that as well, as you know, West Virginia now has a decent mechanism as well for continuing investment in the state. And as part of our settlement of the rate case, they authorized a 9.75% ROE, which is the same that we had in the last case. But they also increased the equity ratio from 45.84% to 48.4%, so really showing that the need for attracting capital to the state.
Linda Sullivan: So, it was really kind of refining -- our estimates are actual, came in much better than we thought for 2018, and we also have had a very, very strong, strong focus on cash flow management.
Susan Story: Thanks Linda, we never forget at American Water that at the end of every water pipe there's a family depending on the safety of the water they give their children, that at every fire hydrant lives depend on the water being there at the right pressure, that at every wastewater plant we are a shield between our customers and disease. We're very proud to announce our most recent awards in the water research foundation to continue research on Legionella while Legionella is primarily an issue in customer owned plumbing and not even on our side of the meter. We think it's critical that we further educate and protect our customers from contaminants that could impact their water quality. As a reminder, we've had an R&D group at America Water since 1981 and our newest research grant is one of over 100 we received on topics ranging from emerging contaminant to water recycling and reuse, to groundbreaking water technologies. We know that employees, customers and investors are seeking to align themselves with and invest in companies that are actively committed to the betterment of society, our planet, and our communities. We believe that successful financial performance follows doing these things as part of our purpose driven value culture. I was fortunate to be asked to participate on the panel at the recent S&P Global ESG Evaluation launch. The key topics at the launch were ESG risk quantification, developing more standardized ESG measures, and improving timeliness of reporting. S&P as well as Moody's have indicated that ESG measures will be an important input into evaluation of risks to overall financial performance capability of companies and their subsequent credit ratings. We're committed to bringing even more transparency in giving you the ESG information that you want, but the wide-ranging and non-standardized measurements today create inconsistency in reporting and comparison. Timeliness of data is a big issue as many of the rankings and ratings we've seen recently are based on data from as far back in 2016 and don't reflect progress that many companies have made over the past few years. We've engaged a leading ESG consulting firm and they recently completed a materiality assessment for us. This effort included detailed interviews with and data research from investors, credit rating analysts, regulators, customers, elected officials, environmental and ESG activists and our own board members and employees. We will use that input to provide more complete and timely information that is most important to the stakeholders we serve and we look forward to you continuing feedback. In closing, I mentioned earlier that professional accomplishments of Linda Sullivan over the past 5 years, but that will be remiss if I didn’t end on something even more important for personal influence and impacts on the heart and soul of who we are as a company. Linda has the highest integrity. She is smart, quick and strategic and she is always asking how can we get better. She cares deeply about our employees, our customers, our communities and our shareholders. She has been a CFO that I depend on everyday to do the fundamentals very best and to look beyond the horizon to what's next. She treats every single person with respect and dignity. I can honestly say that I have learned something from her every day. She is my colleague, my hero and my friend and I will miss her tremendously. For those of you who know her well, you understand this last slide. Linda loves three things very much her family, American Water and Corvettes. So many of you will see Linda, Susan and me with Ed and Ralph over the next two months on investor visits. And while Linda is not retiring until August 1st, this will be her last earnings call. An in and out of things to come, I will share with you another first for American Water. We are one of only three S&P 500 companies with the female CEO and CFO team, and on July 1st, we will have the distinction as the only company for both women even have the same first name, just another way we're trying to make things easy for you. So with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Sure, Angie, and thank you for the question. So, this is what we call as you know we're tuck-in and in California, there is significant interest from the public utility commission to help the stress system throughout the state. We saw that at the cost of capital hearings in some of the discussions that resulted in the increase and our cost of capital. Our plan that we guide to is basically assuming that all of our acquisitions are these smaller tuck-ins and you will have larger systems of course as you said, and if you look at our history of acquisitions more have been in the northeast and in the Midwest. This was an opportunistic acquisition. We're pleased to have these folks on board. It's a roll-in to service areas where we already are, and again, we have in the past several months seeing for us anyway constructive outcomes at the California PC including the approval of the Monterey desalination facility as part of the water supply project as well as the last general rate case outcome.
Susan Story: That’s a great question, Angie. So many of you know that the first step in implementation was that water providers in the state of New Jersey were going to have to certify to certain parts of those regulations. That is happening though as the regulations are currently still being developed by the DEP in New Jersey to be rolled out further. So, we were the first to certify, for us, it was more business as usual. So, we are just now starting to see some of the certifications coming in. It's our understanding that there may be one or two, I think, a university that may be looking at consolidating those type of certifications and looking where different systems stand in the state. So, it's in the early stages. The regulations are still being promulgated, and we look forward to -- it continued into roll out over the next, probably 6 to 12 months.
Susan Story: Rich, thank you for this. This is probably one of the largest emerging issues that will need to be addressed across the country both from states that are doing their own limits on PFOS as well as EPA actually yesterday came out from -- what most people don't understand while the EPA has a recommended maximum contaminant level, there really isn't a regulation. It is not actually a regulated chemical, what it is that they're recommending not to have over certain limits, but they don't have the force of regulation behind it. EPA came out yesterday I read and basically said they are going to do it. They're looking at the level that they were using for maximum contaminant levels that weren't regulated of 70 parts per trillion. New Jersey as you mentioned, has come in with a much lower I believe 13 parts per trillion. To your point about the Company, I mentioned, it's interesting that you've asked this question because I mentioned in my final remarks about the role of our R&D group. We've been doing research on these perfluorinated chemicals for decades. And in fact and I'll talk about military first and I'll come back to the regulated business. We have actually already been working on a couple of three of our military basis to actually treat PFOS. We have mobile units where we can actually do on-site decontamination. And for example, at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey, we've done tremendous work already with the couple of wells there that we serve. We believe from a military installation standpoint, it's actually a competitive advantage for us. We have treated 2 levels that are at or below what the New Jersey requirements are, we now had to do that. So, this is a serious situation, and if you were to get a nice 4 or 5 page premier for those are there who want to know the National Institute of Environmental Health Services has a wonderful 3 or 4 page premier because some people use, PFOS, PFOAs, they are all part of group of PFCs called perfluorinated chemicals. And they are all man-made materials and the issue comes in is that they are, as you said, firefighting foam, Teflon. It comes for the even Stainmaster things that repel grease and water and it's been used for decades. And so, what is happened is, as we get into the water source of the environment that it just stays and it's consumed by humans, it just doesn’t get release from the body for years and years. And that's where the concern is coming. So this is a very serious issue. We applaud all of the different states as well as the EPA for making this a priority already. We actually see this is a very good thing. We are very supportive of all of the actions being taken on the PFCs in our different states, and we really want to be part of being the solutions provider for those and see it as a strength given all the research and actual deployment we've done on how to decontaminate these, out of water supplies.
Susan Story: So, West Virginia, first of all for those of who ever been there, it's a beautiful state and we had been in West Virginia since 1880. And the last two rate case outcomes we've had, including a settlement, I mean this was a settlement reach without parties. We were very constructive because in West Virginia, there's a realization you know maybe as much as any other state about the importance of clean water and safe water. And it's not just an issue for American Water, the public providers of water there and wastewater services see the same thing. So, we have some wonderful employees in West Virginia. We have some outstanding customers in West Virginia and we're very excited that there is a growing realization from all of the parties to stakeholders as well as the regulatory commission about the importance of investment for the future to ensure that that state can continue to grow economically and have a safe water, wastewater and fire protection system for its citizens.
Susan Story: Thanks Jonathan. And that's the last question and we thank you all for participating in our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners, and as a financial analyst, who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We also want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with all of you, so that you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your question or you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. You may also see in the next few weeks or months, the newest member of our Investor Relations team, Abbey Barksdale, who is our new investor relations ESG manager. I'd like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting will take place a week from tomorrow, Friday, May 10th. Thanks again for listening.
