Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. After my opening comments today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our fourth quarter and year-end 2017 results, tax reform impacts and our 2018 guidance and long-term outlook. Our COO, Walter Lynch, will then give key updates on our regulated operations. While their continuous volatility in the market, our fundamental story remains same. The vast majority of our business is regulated and our capital plan is critical to addressing ongoing infrastructure challenges. There’re lots of national conversations about the urgent need to invest in water and wastewater in the U.S., a topic emphasized in the administrations recently released infrastructure plans.  Every year, our country loses about 2 trillion gallons of treated water through more than 240,000 main breaks, with an economic cost in the billions of dollars and about 900 billion gallons of untreated sewage is discharged into our rivers and streams every year, further stressing our environment, water quality in communities. Addressing these infrastructure issues is compounded by fragmented industry with approximately 53,000 water and 17,000 wastewater systems, the majority of which are run by small to medium sized municipalities with multiple competing critical needs for their investment dollars. American Water will invest $8 billion to $8.6 billion over the next five years, with more than $7.2 billion spent to improve our existing systems. Additionally, the lower federal tax rate which Linda will cover in more detail, means we can make these capital investments without increasing customers build as much. We will always make needed investment to ensure safe and reliable water services, which are critical to human life and healthy communities, but we are constantly mindful of what our customers must take for their services.  Our portfolio of market-based businesses provides strong growth by leveraging our core competencies, using little to no capital and generating healthy cash flows. The successful execution of our strategies has enabled us to achieve a five-year total shareholder return of 275% with a 29% TSR in 2017.  Today, we are affirming our 7% to 10% long-term EPS growth and our 2018 EPS guidance range of $3.22 to $3.32 per share, the same that we provided to you in December. Our conservative financial approach has resulted in our current A credit rating and strong balance sheet, providing us optionality going forward under tax reform.  We continue to pursue efficiencies in O&M and capital deployment to further ensure that our decades of investment needs are affordable for our customers. From a capital project risk endpoint, we’re different from most utilities who focus on just a few large projects per year for the majority of their capital spend. Our annual capital is spent on around 500 discrete investment projects per year along with 2,500 smaller and more routine capital efforts. In 2018, this spend is rejected to be $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. And these investment projects are planned for multiple years out so if it is right which could cause delays we simply move that project into a future year and full forward other projects which are already in the key.  Given our size and scale as a nation's largest water utility we've benefit from our geographic diversity reducing both regulatory and weather risk to earnings. And this is further enhanced by our small but important portfolio of market-based businesses. All of our efforts are driven by our commitment to our customers communities and those who invest in us.  For the fifth year in a row our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend increase that is at the top end of our 7% to 10% EPS CAGR. But none of our results matter if do not operate in the right way. For us the house is just as important as the watch [ph]. We know this matters to you too because companies do well but also doing goods. Our efforts in the environmental, social responsibility and governance arenas are recognized most recently Bob Barren which named us 36h out of their 100 most sustainable company. Off course none of our achievements would be possible without the 6,800 people who are American Water.  When sustained subzero temperatures in late December and early January results in over a 1,000 name brakes in the Midwest and Northeast, our folks were working 24 hours a day to ensure that our customer have the precious resource of water into profits as well as critical fire protection and sanitation services. We've been in business for 132 years and we want to be in business for at least that many more years. We have succeeded through world wars, market ups and downs, company ownership changes, technology disruptions and the full continuum a political and regulatory policy experience matters, history matters and that's why we are confident in our business and growth for the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Linda. 
Susan Story: Thank you, Walter. Before I turn the call over for questions, I do want to speak just a couple of minutes about the administrations, infrastructure proposals which was recently released. We're encouraged that the administration in congress are working to address the pressing need to upgrade our nation's infrastructure including the systems that provide critical water and waste water services.  Companies like American Water play an important role working together with the public sector as the needs are too good for anyone sector to tackle along. We are very pleased that the proposals seeks to level the playing field for private and public providers of these critical services.  There are several positive proposals in the plan including the removal of caps on tax exempt private activity bonds as well as making clean water state revolving fund loans available to private waste water utilities. The plan encourages partnerships between private and public providers with incentives for smarter ways of investing in critical upgrades and while this infrastructure plan's just a proposal the fact is that the tax cuts and job reform act is actually in infrastructure package for us. It doesn’t change our strategy or operating plans but we will be able to invest more with less impact to our billed and that's the good news for our customers and our regulators. American Water looks forward to continuing to be part of the infrastructure conversations and working with the administration congress as they address the nation's infrastructure challenges. With that we're happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Shah, this is Susan, we can not to be a company that gets too far ahead of ourselves and speculate what we want to see is, let's give time for everything to settle in, and before we start looking at changing anything, we want to feel confident and comfortable that our plan which we have presented as 7% to 10% is still the best guess we have in terms of the best estimates and projections we have for the next five years. So, what you won't see is us going back and forth based on the type of tweens or initial analysis, but the point you brought up are good, we will continue to evaluate all market trends we will continued away with our balance sheet and our growths opportunities to determine the best projections for our five years plan. 
Susan Story: Julian, interestingly each of our state are in a little bit different situation for example I mentioned we actually had about 1,400 main brakes in the frigid temperatures in late December and January so that goes into our investment planning where we've had flooding, where you have natural disasters were putting a lot of focus on our critical assets and resiliency plan when you look at Indiana for example, in Gary, Indiana there are a lot of lower income customer [on-lit] service lines. So, each state has some similarities but each state also has its own issues in terms of investment needs as well as the ability to be able to continue to have these affordable rates while we increase our investments. So, each state President as Walter says, we are very much a local company and each state President and each state staff is working very closely to determine what that specific state needs are and finding the way forward that works for everybody.
Susan Story: Yeah. So, this is Susan, Ben. So, we were actually little bit surprised just how much focus there actually was on water and wastewater. And a few things, so, PricewaterhouseCoopers actually came out with a report about six months ago, that said that $60 billion to $80 billion of additional private investment could be leased if a few things happened. Interestingly, they were five things they listed, two of those five, I mentioned in my comments which is one thing people may not understand, it’s state revolving signs that tend to have the least expensive financing cost, we're able to take advantage of those in several of our states, but only for drinking water.  The clean water -- the Clean Water Drinking Act state revolving fund, which is wastewater, it would not allow private. This particular proposal now would allow us to be able to access the state revolving funds, which have a lower financing cost. That’s one.  The WIFA the Water Infrastructure and Finance Act. It basically also allows for private firms to be able to pay and financing debt tied to the treasury yield without an up charge. So that would expand the ability to do that. Couple of things too that we're seeing that will be part of this is, half of the $200 billion debt the administration says is going to leverage the $1.5 trillion, over half of that is for projects and only 20% of the project cost can come from federal, so local areas, private companies or municipalities will have to find funding for the other 80% of that, we think that's very positive as well as the fact that the issue of workforce development and looking at things like permitting reform to allow projects to go forward more quickly we think those are all positive things that will benefit not just the entire industry but specifically American Water.
Susan Story: Yeah, when Moody’s put us on the negative outlook as you know they put us on with 23 other companies. And so, we didn't really do a deep dive into our financials that was really more about us being in net operating loss position. And so, we are having meetings with our rating agencies, we're continuing to work through this, but today we’re not kind of reviewing all of these details as part of that particular analysis.  So, we'll continue to work with them and what we wanted to do here is really be transparent that from our prior plans to this plan with tax reform, this is our estimate of the potential tax impacts on cash flow over that five-year period, with the key being that you can see us kind of higher in the earlier years, and then as rate base continues to grow it lessens.
Susan Story: Yeah. So, when we look at the earnings mix going forward, remember that under tax reform, the regulated business is growing and the market-based business is growing. That’s being offset somewhat by the additional drag as the parent company, but the earnings mix is still roughly $90.10.
Susan Story: One thing that was missing from the infrastructure proposal, there are not large pots of federal money, free federal money. Basically it's $200 billion to leverage $1.5 trillion and except for about $50 billion that’s set aside for rural infrastructure block grants, which also was expanded to include broadband, really the amount of money, half of that $200 billion, $100 billion is basically 20% of a project and the municipality has to find a way to finance 80%. Then you’ve got some of the block grants that have to include broadband transportation and water for $50 billion. Then you’ve got expanding the federal loan programs that we all have access to but then again, our municipality has to ensure it has bonding capacity that it's able to do and then beyond that you got about 10% -- 7% to 10% that was dedicated for what the administration refers to this transformative projects like Elon Musk Hyperloop on transportation so what you don’t see here are huge amounts of free federal funding that people can access. 
Susan Story: Well, thank you Michael. Well, I wish we have used some of your words in our call. But in terms of how we look at it when we look at our growth triangle, we don't consume any large acquisitions. So that 1% to 2% of acquisitions are the tuck-ins are the ones in our state. They're very ground up grassroots up that happened in the local communities.  However, we also do have a corporate strategy group and we are always looking at the landscape, we're always looking at other water companies, we're always looking at municipalities, large municipalities, we have mentioned to our investors before as we look at whether we grow in our existing states or new state, if we look at going into new state, we look at three factors, we look at the business climate, the regulatory climate and we see a way to get to 50,000 customers in five years, because otherwise, our efficiency model doesn't work and we can't ensure that we have affordable value added rates for our customers that we can leverage our size, scope and scale. So, the answer is we are always looking, however, we are also very disciplined in how we look and we don't believe that you get too in love with any type of deal or to chase a deal that could be to the detriment of the overall long-term performance of the company. So, we'll continue to look, monitor where we see opportunities, we’ll pursue them.
Susan Story: That's a really interesting question. I think that the water space is so limited and that you look at that and I'm not sure, I don't think any of us understand now how all of this is going to shake out in the next one, two, three years. In terms of municipalities I don’t think it makes a difference. I think the bigger difference sort of things like the age of water systems, waste water systems, the amount of investment needed, growing pension has been the pension liability the amount of roads that need paying, the amount of schools.  So, for us really, I think it's more in the municipal market it is left to be seeing what happens with the entire water waste water infrastructure in this country and how we approach that because it is getting at a critical stage and in the next few years decisions are going to have to be made because these systems can't hold-up forever if they are not being invested in. And even more importantly one thing we really like about the administration's plan in the past sometimes you had pools of money and it only went to a capital project but there was no requirement for nourishment of this systems ongoing.  The interesting thing about this administration, the 50% of the 200 billion that funds the 20% not only are they looking at investing 20% of those funds into projects that have funding for the upfront capital investments but they are also requiring a revenue stream that is predictable that will help with operations maintenance and upkeep. We've not seeing that before.  So, the recognition of life cycle cost for this infrastructure investment it's something that I think is a real positive that you have to step back and look at what are you going to do for the next 50 years as Linda mentioned in the water industry our assets we're looking at 50 years we're not looking at 20 or 30 years. There is 50 sometimes 70-year assets. So, we think that based on what happens with this proposal and the overall philosophy about overall infrastructure investments could have more opportunity than any type of impact from tax reform on individual product companies. 
Susan Story: It's great, so I'll continue. So, we thank all of you for participating on our call today. We value you as our investor owners and as financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We will always being open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you and so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock.  If we've not been able to address on the questions or you think about something later please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help you. We look forward to talking to you at our 2018 first quarter earnings call on May 3, and our Annual Shareholders Meeting will take place on Friday, May 11. Thanks again and we hope you all have a great week.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah. Shah, this is Linda, and you're right there has been a real heavy focus on FFO to debt metric for utilities due to the lower cash flow from the loss of bonus depreciation, the passing back of the tax benefits to customers and especially for those that are in a federal net operating loss position like us, and you're right, FFO to debt is an important element of our rating.  It represents 12.5% of our rating under Moody's methodology, but it is also important to note that the largest component of our ratings is based on our business risk profile, which generally represents about half of our rating. And the business risk profile is based on a more qualitative risk specific to the water industry and to the unique size and scale of American Water.  So, for example, the types of things that are looked at there are items such as the absolute essential service of providing water, the smooth deployment of our small capital projects like Susan talked about earlier, and the regulatory environments across our diverse 14 jurisdictions that really support our ability to grow to invest and to generate cash flow going forward. So, this strong business risk profile is not changing with tax reform. The other thing that's really important to note is that the business risk profile of the water industry and American Water is unique to us. So, our FFO to debt metrics generally will fall in a broader range than what you see with other utilities, so a strict comparison of the numbers of FFO to debt with other utilities is really not a good comparison.  So, all that said as I mentioned in my comments, with tax reform, we do expect our FFO to debt metrics to drift lower and we very carefully evaluated the right mix of capital investment needed for our customers, dividends for our shareholders and then we believe will be able to carry the tax reform impact without issuing additional equity.  So, the tradeoff is a lower FFO to debt ratio and our starting point as I mentioned is a very strong balance sheet that provided us with that optionality as we work through the appropriate mix.
Linda Sullivan: So, in our growth triangle, we continue to see that the bottom part of that triangle that’s 5% to 7% for rate base growth. We also see 1% to 2% for regulated acquisitions and both of those together really kind of translate to what we showed on our rate base growth chart.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we are working as we have 14 regulatory jurisdictions, we are working through with those regulators in terms of how to best pass the benefits back to customers and continue to invest in the much-needed infrastructure. And so, as you know we have currently three open rate cases proceeding in New Jersey, California and Missouri so we are having discussions in those proceeding. We're also working across our jurisdictions where everyone is really open sometime of a tax proceeding, and so we're working to determine what is the best approach and I went through some of those strategies on the call I don’t know Walter if you want to add a little bit more to the specific state.
Linda Sullivan: And with those discussion Julian we put forward on slide 13 the cash flow impacts that are expected using reasonable judgments and so we looked at what do we think are the reasonable judgments from a regulatory perspective, what are some of the cash flow strategies that we can deploy across the company and we wanted to be very transparent to put it there by year.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah, Joe, so our cash flow from operations remains robust, Moody's just issued their report and published an effort FFO to debt metric of 17% covering 12-months ended in September and we believe the FFO to debt metric continue to remain strong throughout the remainder of 2017.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah, absolutely. So, the decision was an administrative law judge proposed decisions are not a final decision. We have as Walter mentioned, we have 30 days before the commission considers it and we will -- and they can support, project or modify it, we will be filing comments it next week and we are concerned that the ROE does not reflect the current market conditions like interest rates, company’s risk profile, et cetera. And we will include those items in our comments back to the commission. And I think reasonable jurisdictions across the country we're not seeing anywhere near those proposals, and I think there is an understanding of the need to have attract capital to invest in a much-needed water and wastewater infrastructure across the nation.
Linda Sullivan: Ryan, this is an area where our geographical diversity also helps. I mean you mentioned about Pennsylvania but the fact is we've got numerous states where we have opportunities and that's part of this significant pipeline we have which is we're in 16 states we have 14 regulatory jurisdictions it's much easier to grow from a grass roots where were in the communities we live there, so what we're seeing is more states that would see activity and so we think that's a very big positive. 
Linda Sullivan: Yeah. And Angie, we have no plans at this point to change strategically our outlook for regulatory – for regulated versus market based.
Linda Sullivan: One of the things we did cover is that year-over-year Keystone was a penny up from 2016 so we were very encouraged to see that and it didn’t show up in the fourth quarter because the markets are to picking up in the fourth quarter of '16. However, you are correct we currently have about 300 employees, we're looking to hire another 100 the margins or a little less than they were before the market went down but we're still continuing to grow our percent of the market, there is a lot of big projects underway this year and we feel very good about the business this year. We think it is going to be a strong business this year. 
Linda Sullivan: Sure. So, Rich when you understand price redetermination so on the positive side and this helps to make it regulated like there are three instances that the department of defense as they will true up your original bid and you are right, if you make a bad O&M bid, and it doesn’t fall into these categories you live with the results and one of those is do you have a law change. For example, that there is a change that requires more environmental monitoring then we actually can get more money for that.  We also look at inflation and the O&M contracts could adjust for inflation. And the third component is, if we put another capital project, for example, if we build another wastewater facility and operation costs go up or down, it gets trued up. So, understanding that’s the definition of price redetermination.  So, what you have now is that the DLA and the DOD has not come in and said where they see to tax reform falling into. So yes, we are very conservative, one way, you can review and you can interpret what that price redetermination definition is, is that tax reform was a law and thus we would basically give back that money over a period of time, just likely we would gain, if there was a law passed that increase our cost. So that's been our position.  I know that not everyone shares that, we're not sure, what they have not basically given that the days of DOD has not given guidance. But, the way we're modeling it is in the most conservative nature. So, if they come back and say, gee, we are going to let you keep a portion or is this, then it would just be upside for us. But, we feel more comfortable modeling the way we have it, based on our interpretation of the caveats and the price redetermination.
Walter Lynch: Again, as Linda said we are in rate proceedings obviously in New Jersey and California and Missouri and were incorporating these discussions in those rate case proceedings. It's a great discussion we're open with the committee were very happy that the commissions are open to discussing these issues as part of the rate filings and as Linda said in the other proceedings we're working through with the commissions to say we want to mitigate the impact on customers give back what we can but then as we invest we want to make sure that it's smoothing out, so with that I think we're having good discussions across our footprint. 
Walter Lynch: The opportunities are robust throughout our pipeline. We spend a lot of time working on legislation to enable the acquisitions, our teams are focused on it. The municipal sector, many of them are having a lot of issues at monetizing the assets would really solve their situation. So, we're in discussion we have as I said before about 330,000 customer opportunities in our pipeline across our footprint and that's up from 145,000 this time last year so we have a robust pipeline, we are working through in each of our states and I can't comment at anyone deals that's not public yet but we are working very hard to meet the 1% to 2% growth of 30,000 to 60,000 customers and I feel confident we're going to get there.
Walter Lynch: No overall themes it's really the case-by-case basis and again we feel very good about our pipeline about their size of the deals and our focus again has been 3 to 30,000 customers and we feel like we're going to execute on that very favorably over the next five years.
