Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our second quarter financial results and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. I'll start with what I'm sure are your two main questions today, why our earnings were down $0.04 for the quarter and why we're affirming our 2017 earnings guidance of $2.98 to $3.08. A key fact is that our Regulated Businesses continues to execute and deliver solid results. Second quarter 2017 results were impacted by several items some of which we've noted in earlier call. The primary negatives for the quarter were two key 2017 items and two favorable items in the second quarter of 2016 which did not recur this year. $0.02 of our earnings were down quarter-over-quarter from lower capital upgrades in our Military Services Group. We've covered this on past calls and it's related to reduce military budgets combined with the completion of the large wastewater project at Fort Polk in the first half of 2016. Additionally, we had a onetime $0.02 tax adjustment from a state income tax change in New York that Linda mentioned on our last quarter call. She'll discuss this in more detail as well as another state income tax change in Illinois. The quarter was also impacted by last year's favorable weather of $0.02 per share compared to a more normal second quarter this year and a 2016 onetime $0.01 benefit from an AWE contract settlement. However, even including these items in our range, we continue to affirm our $2.98 to $3.08 EPS guidance for 2017. Our regulated core business continues solid growth, delivering a 3.7% increase in net income for the quarter. During the first half of 2017, we added approximately 15,000 customers through closed acquisitions and 7,000 from organic growth. Walter will speak a little bit more about the pending acquisition agreements we have in place as of July 31 that will add about 34,000 additional customers. We continue to invest in our Regulated Businesses. This year we will invest $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion total capital with the vast majority dedicated to water and wastewater system improvement and upgrade. We balance those investments by operating efficiently and effectively, which is reflected in our O&M efficiency ratio. On the market-based side, although we are experiencing lower capital upgrades in military services, we continue to perform our 50 year O&M contract quite effectively. We are completing the capital upgrades we do have and we're working with basis to identify potential infrastructure projects for the 2018 fiscal year. Additionally, we have eight RSPs outstanding with a possibility of one or two awards being made this year by the Department of Defense. We continue to expand Homeowner Services including a new partnership with Yonkers New York. At Keystone Clearwater we are seeing increases in rig count and well completions in the Appalachian region and have an increase backlog of work scheduled in the second half of the year. So while there are a number of items impacting this quarter's results, we remain confident in our ability to deliver earnings for 2017 in our guidance range of 298 to 308. Beyond 2017 and for the longer term our business fundamentals and outlook continue to be strong and compelling. Our growth triangles still hold as does our long term 7% to 10% EPS guidance. Now, let me turn the call over to Walter to give you his update on our Regulated Business.
Susan Story: Thanks, Walter and Linda. Before taking your questions, I'd like to talk a few minutes about customer on lead service lines and American Waters efforts to address its growing national issues. With the problems of lead pipe highlighted in plant last year, we know that having confidence in the quality of their water is most critical to our customers. American Water has increased our communications and educational efforts to our customers about lead and we're taking through aggressive step up to help them with their own lead lines. Our scientists along with the EPA have determined that when we're replacing our water mains it's in the customer's best interest to replace their own lead service lines at the same time. So we're working with our states to develop plans to do just that, which includes a priority focus on low income customers. Pennsylvania American Water has filed a PUC request to replace customer on lead service lines when we're repairing or replacing company online. Customers there who believe they have a lead line may also contact the company and once verified we would replace them over a period of time. In New Jersey, we conducted a lead service line replacement pilot project in a financially distressed community and replaced the customer lead lines when we found them. We're working with our regulators at the BPU on recovery of these investments. We will continue to replace customer owned lead lines if they are encountered during our main renewal and replacement program. In Missouri, we have filed a plant and have already replaced around 60 customer lines in a pilot project. We expect to replace lead service lines of about 100 to 150 customer homes this year in Missouri. In fact, you can see a picture on the bottom left of an impressive hardworking crew with one light weight on the far right side in [indiscernible]. While in St Louis County last week I had the opportunity to watch our crews do a water main replacement and a didn't decide those homes with customer lead service lines for replacement. They said everyone was very positive and one customer even gave our guy a bear hug. In Indiana, enabling legislation passed for replacement of customer owned lead service lines. We're working with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission for approval for our plan under the new law including projects in financially distressed communities with higher lead line concentration. And finally, the Virginia Department of Health is funding a grant program for lead service line replacement and we're pleased the Virginia American with the proof for some of the funding. Our efforts are beyond anything that is required and are driven first and foremost about our commitment to the safety of our customers and our communities it is simply the right thing to do. So with that, operator we're happy to take the questions of any of our participants.
Susan Story: So Michael, as you know we've put together our five year financial plan. We look at what do we believe are going to be successful outcomes for us to continue to invest in our systems and make those rates affordable for our customers. So embedded in our 7% to 10% EPS growth range are those judgments that we use on an ongoing basis.
Susan Story: Yeah, Michael, we look at that from the standpoint of risk adjusted returns and so when we look at each of the businesses in our Market-based Businesses, we can think a little bit differently based on the risk return profile of each of those businesses. So we've consistently said when we look at our military business it's kind of regulated like in risk profile, so you'd expect the returns to be somewhat commensurate with that. And then we look at Homeowner services and Keystone based on their risk adjusted returns. And also remember Michael, these are very much a margin business, I mean we invest very, very little capital, actual capital to the same point and it's not taking capital way from the Regulated Businesses because we do very little capital investment, and in fact when we talk about the capital projects or the fixed capital upgrades on our military bases that's working capital only because the way the Department of Defense operates is typically they like to own the asset that we basically get recovery plus a margin on that working capital. So another way to look at it is it's more of a margin business.
Susan Story: Okay. Thank you, Michael for that question. This quarter is down we've talked about this year when we do our financial plan we look at a five year time period. We also talked today earlier about the fact that our growth triangle is intact. So we do planning on a five year cycle, if we ever sell a point at which we did not think that the market based business over the longer term would be able to deliver what we've outlined we would change it that is not the case right now.
Susan Story: I will start and then Walter can jump in. So we absolutely believe that it should be model legislation for all the states across the country. First and foremost because of the fact that the ability to ensure the safety and quality of water is something that every citizen should be able to expect, and it shouldn't matter who is running their water system as in terms of the quality of that water. So we think it is good model legislation, the fact as Walter mentioned that it was unanimously passed in the assembly the Senate is just really extraordinary in this they made. So we're very encouraged by that. We do believe it's model and Walter can talk about any efforts that we've got going across the rest of our state.
Susan Story: Yeah, Jonathan I think the ORA testimony was not unexpected, and as you know they put in there a lower ROA compared to our 10.8%, ROA request. They did come in also with a lower cost of equity just north of 54% where we requested 55%. So not unexpected on all of this, we will be filing rebuttal testimony later this month and then we would expect a final decision in the normal course by year end.
Susan Story: Thanks, Angie. This is Susan. So you are absolutely right on all accounts, so what we are seeing in Appalachian is that we're seeing more active rigs, there's a timing issue there and one of the comments I made is that we schedule projects, we plan projects and schedule projects and we have a backlog scheduled for the second half of the year. What we found in Appalachian is that it did pick up, but it's not picked up as quickly. And the interesting thing that's happening in the Appalachian now, because things have been quite busy in the Permian that a lot of the E&Ps have actually had trouble keeping groups, keeping the crews on the rigs side, so now they're trying to get more people appears to it's been a little slower than they thought. So that's one of the things that we're hearing from our Keystone Clearwater. They are now trying to make sure that we're able to recruit enough people, I mean we have hired 75 people just this year and are trying to hire even more to staff our crew, so it's pretty competitive to get crews. Now with what's happening in the oil markets now, don't know if that's going to slow down in the Permian and release more for work in Appalachian we certainly hope so. But we do have active projects planned and interesting just from a statistic standpoint as of July 28, there were 192 active rigs in the U.S. and 75 in Appalachian Basin and just last year that was 86. So we do see an increase in a number of rigs, number completions and hopefully some of the labor shortage issues will be taken care of so we can see more of a buildup in Appalachian work more quickly.
Susan Story: Thank you so much. First of all, we want to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients. We will always be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have complete confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address any of your questions or if you have additional questions please call and Ed and Ralph and they'll be happy to help you. Thanks again for listening and we hope you have a great week.
Walter Lynch: Jonathan there are hearings actually today and tomorrow on McKeesport and they have a six months requirements, so we're looking at sometime in December to be able to get an order and then we've got to work through just some issues with the DEP before we take ownership. So that's really the process, six months were a good deal through that and hopefully we're going to take ownership at the end of this year or beginning of 2018.
Walter Lynch: Yes, they've come in and the commission is actually working through those as part of the evaluation.
Walter Lynch: Well, we just continue to work through the commission and any questions they have and it's just part of the process, Jonathan.
Walter Lynch: Yeah, just to emphasize it is model legislation, and I think Senator Sweeney and Governor Christie did a great job. Just promoting the benefits for the residents in New Jersey, we know that other states are looking at similar legislation primarily in the Midwest, and so we'll be working with them as we can in each of our states to make sure that we give our views of the benefits of about legislation and how again the purpose is to make the water safe in the communities that are in the States.
