Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Cheryl. Turning to our final slide, Slide 27. And before we begin Q&A, I want to reiterate what I said at the beginning of the call today. I am confident in the plan that we have in place to grow this business, and I'm confident we have the right teams in place throughout our states at the bases we serve and here in our corporate office to achieve our goals in 2022 and beyond. Our team has consistently delivered on our earnings and dividend growth goals year-over-year. Nothing has changed regarding our team's ability and determination to continue that record of execution. We have, without question, consistently raised the bar in the water and wastewater industry for standards of operating excellence, ESG leadership and financial performance as evidenced in part by our exceptional 5-year total shareholder return of 185%. That's why we're reaffirming the long-term targets we initiated last November.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have for us.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. And Insoo, we didn't specifically call that out today in the call, but you're absolutely right. The $1.1 billion of equity that we laid out in November is still our current plan. And it is still -- we're still anticipating it in. What I've always sort of characterized as sort of the middle of this 5 years. So you can expect it in the '23, '24 time frame, I think. We are still looking at options. We certainly think there are lots of tools in place to be able to execute effectively here. The size of the issue at just over $1 billion starts to get interesting in terms of size. I think we could easily do that in a single issue, but we want to make sure that we thought through how best to sort of time the issue with the spend. So we may look at sort of staging that over a period of time. Again, roughly sort of in that middle of the 5 years, as I said. So no change in the total, no change in the timing, still need to figure out exactly the final strategy on how we'll issue it. But I think that the sort of basics are unchanged.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. We have engaged Korn Ferry to help us with the search. We do expect the search to move very quickly. And this is a highly regulated business, as we've talked about. So certainly, individuals that have utility experience, have been in or around the industry will certainly be high on our list of potential candidates.
Susan Hardwick: It is anchored off of our normalized '21. And our practice here typically has been to anchor it off of the most recent actual results. So as we are affirming guidance here and talking about long-term plans, we are anchoring off of '21.
Susan Hardwick: No. We think the strategy is quite strong. We obviously made some changes when we came out in November with the plan we laid out in November, and we are absolutely committed to that plan. We think it is the right plan. And as I said at the outset, and I think Cheryl demonstrated in her remarks, we're very confident in our ability to execute on this plan.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. It's a good question, Angie. And I didn't specifically mention this in response to Insoo's question, but certainly, equity forward is on the list of options for us. We have executed some strategic transactions. We covered that in our remarks here today with the exit of HOS in New York and Michigan. Those are all aimed at creating – essentially creating equity, creating proceeds for us to be able to invest that lowers the amount of equity we have to do in the marketplace. And obviously, those things were considered in the plan that we laid out in November and are contemplated in the $1.1 billion.  We'll continue to do those evaluations to see if there are other things we should be doing. At our current position, though, we think this is the right set of assets for us to be invested in, in the right jurisdictions. I think the plan, as we have laid out, again, supports the need for that equity in the middle of the plan. And as you've heard me say many times, while I know there's an anticipation for us to issue in the overhang that goes with that, I don't want to prematurely issue it and sort of carry that – the dilution associated with it unless we've got investments to match it. So we absolutely have it timed in the plan that we think is appropriate. We'll continue to look at options on how best to do it. And any adjustments we would make to that plan, we'll certainly make sure we communicate that. But I don't anticipate any dramatic changes at this point.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I'll let Cheryl weigh in here on the impact potentially to municipals. Largely, though, on the inflation side, we are active in the regulatory process. So we'll be hopefully current in reflecting cost impacts to the business through the regulatory process. Obviously, it impacts our customers. So we do our best to maintain or hold those cost impacts down. We've been very successful on the supply chain side over the course of the year and certainly going into the future to be able to hold those cost increases down. And we think, again, we've done so pretty successfully. So any real impacts ultimately to us or the customer should be mitigated.  On the municipal side and is it a driver for them to potentially push them over the edge to want to privatize, I think it's a good question. I think we'll see some reaction to that. We'll see some -- we'll certainly have conversations with some of these municipals on those additional pressures. I don't know that we've seen any real direct impacts yet or any sort of change in the dialogue yet. But I’ll ask Cheryl to comment on if -- what are her thoughts are around that topic.
Susan Hardwick: Well, Angie, that's a difficult question to answer here. I'm just going to say what I said at the outset. We're very confident in this plan. We have a long track record of execution. We have continued to prepare for this plan and prepare for execution against this plan, and that's what we're intending to do. We are always looking and thinking about the strategy and how it evolves. We have plenty of work to do with this plan, and we're going to continue to execute against it.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Julien, I wouldn't say revised. I mean, I think our plan has been and always will be to continue to survey the landscape. We like the states that we're in now, and you saw again us make some moves here to sort of refine our footprint to make sure we're in the jurisdictions that we think are most effective for us. And we certainly think that's where we are now. We will continue, as we always have, to continue to evaluate other jurisdictions, both in terms of regulatory climate and legislative climate and the ability to enter a state in a material way. We haven't changed our metrics around that, what we expect to be able to accumulate in a particular jurisdiction.We got to see ourselves to, in our view, at least 50,000 customers within a 5-year period, that hasn't changed.  But we are constantly looking at those -- at all those options. We're constantly evaluating the landscape in each of the other states that we don't currently operate in, just to make sure that the current footprint is the 1 that is most effective for us. So it's an ongoing process, and it has not changed.
Cheryl Norton: No, Susan, I think really, as you said, the main drivers are the amount of capital that we've invested in the system. And it's a pretty standard case for us, strong team filing the case, and I will just go through the process as we have in the past, and it is important for us, but we feel like we've filed a really strong case with great investments.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Angie, I think it's just 1 more thing that piles onto those municipal systems that just kind of adds to the load that they're feeling right now. The regulatory environment is absolutely significant for putting pressure on those municipal systems to try to find a better solution than operating their own systems. And I think this inflation piece and also the availability of pipe and chemicals and things like that can absolutely just add more pressure. But Susan is right in that, we haven't seen a big push yet as a result directly of that, but anticipated adding to the load.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, it really hasn't changed, Julien. We believe we bid on the system on the RFP and came in with the highest bid. And it's really up to the receiver to decide what is the best thing for that community. And we believe that the very strong bid puts us in a good spot to be able to close that deal.
