Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the third quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our operations. But before we give you the summary of our third quarter results, I'd like to comment on the announcement we made on Monday. We have a binding global settlement in principle approved by the federal court for all consolidated claims in both federal and state courts in West Virginia arising from the Freedom Industry's chemical spiel on January 9, 2014. This settlement is not an admission of any liability or fault on the part of our company or our employees. As a matter of record, Freedom Industries, as a company as well as six of their employees including three officers, has quite guilty to criminal violation of the Clean Water Act, as a result of the Chemical Spill. In comparison, West Virginia American Water has not been found to have violated any law or regulations in connection with the Chemical Spill. We firmly believe the suites brought against us are without merit and resulted at least in part due to the bankruptcy of Freedom Industries and their limited ability to pay claims. As noted in the recent report that the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, the Freedom Industries Chemical Spill was preventable, had Freedom followed proper procedures. Additionally, the Federal Court dismissed all claims against American Water parent company, and our service company in pre-trial decisions nor is either a party to the Class Action Litigation in State Court. So, why did we decide the settle these cases. First, we believe it is in the best interest of our customers, our company and especially our West Virginia employees. They are the people who work hard to deliver the highest standard of customer service possible, regardless of the challenges they face. Second, this resolution allows us to serve our customers without the distractions and potentially significant expenses of Federal and State Litigation over the next several years, which Linda will quantify in a few minutes. And third these distractions and expenses are further compounded by a couple of facts. West Virginia is our only regulated state in American Water with severely limited protections against claims of damages arising from outages or interruptions of services. Even electric and gas utilities in the state are more protected as our municipalities. Additionally, these trials would have occurred in the state that historically has been highly favorable to the point as far. While West Virginia passed meaningful tort reform measures in 2015, the law suits filed by plaintiffs in these cases were filed before the new measures took effect. Now let me turn the call over to Linda to comment on the financial element of the proposed global settlements.
Susan Story: Thanks, Walter and Linda. You heard us describing some details, the excellent results of our business through the third quarter of the year. And with the announcement of our preliminary settlement of the Freedom Industries' chemical spill related lawsuit. We will remove future risks and uncertainties related to legal cost and other expenses and distractions inherent in multiple ongoing multi-year litigation. Our year-to-date financial performance reflects the successful execution of our strategy investing in our systems, operating efficiently, growing our business and remaining steadfast in our commitment to the highest standards of customer service. We have 6,700 amazing people that we all get the privilege of working with every day. They are great in what they do. They make life better for about 15 million people across the United States everyday with the services they provide. They are the first ones to volunteer when communities are in need or natural disasters hit. I am proud of not just what they do, but as the people that they are. And as investors, you can be proud of their record of service as well. Before we go to questions, as a reminder, we will have our 2016 investor conference at the New York Stock Exchange beginning with lunch on Thursday, December 15. At that time, we will share with you our projections for our lines of businesses in 2017, as well as share our capital plans for 2017 and beyond. As the slide indicates, we will need you to RSVP to make sure that you can get into the Exchange. We hope, you will be there. With that, we're happy to take any questions that you might have at this time.
Susan Story: Well, we – yes, 7% to 10% in 2020, and our long-term growth at 7% to 10%, and on December 15, we'll rollout what we're looking at over the next five years.
Susan Story: You know. Steve, really not both candidates have expressed support for infrastructure investment. I think, both candidates have expressed support for public-private partnership. So, specifically in the water industry where there are a number of governmental entities. I co-chaired with Doug Peterson, the CEO of S&P Global earlier in the year, for the Bipartisan Policy Center, a template. And we had a – an advisory council of political figures, former mayors and political figures, Democrats and Republicans who are all advocating for public-private partnerships because there were simply won't be enough federal monies to do the infrastructure investment we need in this country for water and waste water or transportation. The Clinton campaign has come out and talked about a water innovation center. The Trump campaign has talked about infrastructure investment. So, we believe that whoever wins the election, the focus will remain on infrastructure and the role of private industry to be part of that renaissance of infrastructure investment for the country.
Susan Story: Well, I think you've seen a pretty big increase in the numbers the deals that we've announced, and we're, I mean, we're in discussions with the number of communities as we said and we're here to provide solutions and we're confident that we can do that.
Susan Story: Angie, this is Susan. I think your question, so to your point, we've been talking about – the people have been talking about this for years and that's one reason and that we can get questions about, is this the 1% to 2% still grow it on the triangle those type of things. We want to watch and see, we've had an extraordinary year, we think the pipeline looks very healthy, and we want to look and see what happens, that we monitor it very carefully in all of our states. We are seeing more interest than we've seen. But whether that translates into X percent more growth, that's what we're looking at and really putting our pencil to the paper to see what we'll see. I think when we see what happens in 2017 that will inform us more, is this suddenly the floodgate starting to have a little more flow, hopefully it is, the indications are positive, but we'll just have to see.
Susan Story: No, not limited to New Jersey and Pennsylvania, we are in discussions with others in other states, but these are just the ones that we've been able to announce here recently, but our teams are working in each of the states, looking for solutions to provide for these municipalities. And again...
Susan Story: Well, what we have always said, Angie, is that, we're very interested in our state's growing, we are constantly looking – we are constantly looking at the landscape, and we have three hurdles when we look at whether we would enter a new state. The first one is, what is the regulatory climate, the second one is what is the business climate and are they open to private water, and the third is, do we see a line of sight to get to at least 50,00 customers within five years, so those are our gates and we're constantly looking across the country, we write every state based on those three. So we would not disclose if we had any activity until there was signed agreements, but we are always looking beyond our states. But right now, our focus – we're seeing a lot of opportunity. To your point about, it only seems, it seems mostly in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Pennsylvania is where we have the most mature laws that are favorable for this. Act 11, which was passed the 2012, maybe 2013 and then the course Act 12, which we are seeing more on the fair value legislation across the country. But I think you're seeing a state that has been more mature in some of the enabling legislative efforts that have been translated into regulatory policies, and so we are looking towards seeing more activity in other states as their legislation, enabling legislation becomes more mature.
Susan Story: Right, that 30,000 customers to 60,000 customers translates into the approximate customer amount to reach our 1% to 2% earnings per share growth in that at regulated acquisition portion of our growth triangle. So, what that means is as I mentioned earlier there is a process that we go through with the acquisition, which starts with the regulatory approval, and other types of environmental approvals if necessary. We then go through the regulatory rate case process to include this in our earnings, and it's really when it gets to the 1% to 2% of earnings that it would count. So, Brian...
Susan Story: Exactly right. And again, that's why we do five years with a triangle, so 1% to 2%, it – you need to average it, but again, we want it, we're trying to be more clear, which is why we put this slide in here, so you could see what exactly does this mean, what is really closed, what you're waiting on, what is it mean when you put in that bucket, how – we don't want to include as pending until we have pretty strong assurance that's going to go through, which is why we don't include anything until we have a signed agreement on the terms with the municipality.
Susan Story: Michael you always ask such a good question. The answer is we're as I said talking earlier, we're very committed to the market based businesses that we're in. Specifically for American Water enterprises, predominantly you have Homeowner Services and you have the military. The capital upgrades business that Linda talked about is a big part of that. But the big difference is that in military, while some of those infrastructure budgets may continue to be under some pressure, the pipeline for new basis that are issuing RFP or who have RFPs out there, they're significant. We have seen army pretty much, pretty active in the past several years. The air force over the past couple of three years has gotten even more active. So there is a robust pipeline in the military for new bases to win, so that's why we remain bullish on the military services. Homeowner Services is doing well. There are more municipalities who are interested in partnership opportunities for these home warranties that we offer, so we feel really good about it. And then on the Keystone Clearwater, everybody and gosh Goldman you guys are really doing a great job of monitoring the natural gas and oil markets. So you know that things are picking up. We're very proud that through the worst of it that our organization, our business was able to stay EPS neutral, that is a huge deal and it shows a lot about how they kept going in some of the services they were able to provide during the downturn. So, yes, the market-based businesses we're in, we are committed to. Now we have always said that at our core, we are a regulated utility period, we will stay that way. Currently, anywhere from 9% to 10% of our revenue, net income comes from market-based little less this year. So, we will not see that grow beyond 15% to 20%, and probably closer to the up to 15% unless there is something extremely regulated like, if we win every new military base for example, and that helps us and it's more regulated like. But right now we are committed, but the market-based businesses have a limited role in the overall growth of our company and the majority of our growth will always come from our capital investment in our regulated business as well as regulated acquisition that then turns into more capital investment into our business.
Susan Story: So I'll start and then let Linda contribute. So, on the positive side, we are already really high in the top quartile of dividend growers in utility space. We have said that, we have a 50% to 60% payout ratio target and we remain at the lower end of that. So we have room within our current payout ratio target to grow, the answer to your last question that you asked. We look at every dollar and the best way to use that dollar, reinvesting in our capital programs for the benefit of our customers will always be first and dividends of course are right up there. So we also look at other investments, are there other ways to grow, do we look at things like, I mean the very bottom of our list by the way is buybacks. We think that, we should have plenty of opportunities to invest in our business, we look at dividends, we look at refinancing debt. All of those things we think have far more value to our shareholders than the latter. So, we right now, see ourselves continuing to have our dividend growth commensurate with our EPS growth. However, we also are very happy that over the past four years, we've had double-digit dividend increase and still remain at the bottom of our payout range.
Susan Story: Yeah. And one thing to, this is Susan, David. This is really a differentiator for the water utility sector, compared to other utilities, because these fair market legislation initiatives really only cover water and wastewater, and they tend to be also for distressed water systems, which is back to the whole infrastructure issue nationally that we have with municipalities.
Susan Story: So, what happens, once we received regulatory approval and we close on the deals, then we begin collecting the existing rates under the system. And so we look at that for the interim period and generally what we do in the interim period before a rate case is we will finance that acquisition with shorter term debt. Then we will go through the regulatory process and that will determine the amount that gets on rate, gets into rate base upon which we would earn our return or have the opportunity to earn our return.
Susan Story: Yeah. And John, that's right. And part of what we go through, is we look at specific metrics that each of these acquisitions need to meet those financial hurdles and generally accretion is one of those metrics.
Susan Story: So we look at a multitude of factors to determine the timing of our rate cases, and we take all of that into consideration when we look at timing Jonathan. But you are an excellent questioner, Jonathan.
Susan Story: Shahriar, no it doesn't, first of all, the storm water is an interesting area nationally that's been looked at and really for us the first place we're looking at that is on military bases. We've had a couple of our bases where we serve water and wastewater, who have indicated an interest. So we're working through the Department of Defense as to whether that can fall under the preview that they got to their privatization language and legislation which, we believe it does the senate and the senators and the congress men I believe it does, but I think they're going through the lawyers and the Department of Defense to get comfortable with it. So, I think what you would find is storm water is part of the water cycle, we are looking at how that would look, so for us we're continuing to look at storm water, but our foray into that would and that's probably come through our military bases and it's our ability to take that part over along with water and wastewater.
Susan Story: Every state is a little bit different, Tim, but typically after an asset purchase agreement is signed and then there are appraisers that are hired by the city and by us and then there is an typically an averaging of those appraisals, and it is public at some point, yes, but that's typically the process, the average of a couple of appraisals.
Susan Story: We're actually hiring our appraisers now. So we're doing and then the city is doing it as well, that's where we are in the process.
Susan Story: Lot of factors involved and it's all based on local operations and the synergies that we can get from those, but they're obviously are synergies particularly when we're buying wastewater systems in areas where we serve water systems, and that's really key to our strategy is to be able to take advantages of synergies to benefit our customers.
Susan Story: We see that as a big differentiator of supply chain and the purchasing power that we have and I like to highlight the examples on these calls and in individuals meetings, but it's a huge advantage that we have I think in this business.
Susan Story: Thank you. First of all, thank you, all for participating today and your excellent questions. This was a great discussion. If you have any further questions, please call Ed or Melissa, and they'd be happy to help you. We really hope to see all of you on December 15 at our Investor Conference. We will – as you all know, we have a new head of Keystone, Dan Dalton, who has been the President & COO for several years. We also have a new head of our Market-Based Business, Deb Degillio. You'll get to meet them. So, I think and of course, what's old is new again, which is Ed Vallejo back in his role as VP of Investor Relations as well as Financial Planning and Analysis. So, we look forward to seeing all of you and we appreciate all your support. And, if there is anything we can do to help you understand our story better, please let us know. Thank you.
Linda Sullivan: Thanks, Susan. Let me start with the earnings impact. The aggregate amount of the binding global agreement in principal is $126 million pre-tax. Our portion is $65 million with the remaining $61 coming from some of our insurers. In the third quarter, we recorded our $65 million portion of the settlement, net of committed insurance receivables as an after tax charge of $39 million or $0.22 per share which was recorded on the books of West Virginia American Water. I would like to point out that two of our insurers that we asked to participate in the settlement have presently not agreed to participate in the settlement. Their insurance coverage level is up to $50 million in the aggregate. We intend to actively pursue recovery from these two insurers and in fact last Friday West Virginia American Water filed suit against one of these insurers in West Virginia and we will pursue arbitration against the other. We firmly believe that these insurers had a responsibility to participate appropriately. In terms of the structure of the settlement – the structure of the settlement Page six lays off the components of the structure for both our settlement of $126 million as well as another $25 million funded under a separate settlement agreement between the plaintiffs and the Eastman Chemical Company. The structure establishes a two-tier payments of claims made up of the guaranteed fund and claims-based payments. Let me discuss the guaranteed fund first. In our settlement, the guaranteed fund will be $76 million of which our portion would be $51 million and in the insurance will contribute $25 million. The two reserves that I mentioned earlier who did not participate in the settlement were after commit coverage to the guaranteed fund. Their insurance coverage level is at the $50 million in the aggregate. We have not recorded in accounts receivable from these two insurers but we are actively pursuing recovery as I mentioned earlier. As the chart shows, Eastman's $25 million is in the guaranteed fund. The total $101 million in the guaranteed fund must be exhausted before any claims-based payments are made. Now, let me cover the claims-based payments. In our settlement, the claims-based payments would be up to $50 million, of which our portion would be up to $14 million and a number of our insurance carriers committed to contribute up to $36 million. I trust that this chart helps to explain the structure of the settlement. Let me now discuss a few other points, as part of the settlement, West Virginia American Water agreed it will not seek rate recovery from the West Virginia Public Service Commission for the amounts included under this settlement, and for approximately $4 million in direct response costs expensed in 2014, relating to the chemical fill. In terms of cash flow, we intend to fund West Virginia settlement payments through existing sources of liquidity. Funding is not expected to begin until the settlement is final, estimated to occur in the first half of next year. Let me also discuss legal fee. We estimate that future defense cost could easily have been $25 million or more over the next several years, have we gone through all trials in the case for federal and state. And these are only the estimated legal expenses and do not account for other expected impact that results from significant litigations, such as management's time and attention, and then, ongoing distraction to our employees in West Virginia, who are focused on delivering water service to our customers in that state. I'll now turn it back to Susan.
Linda Sullivan: So, Angie, let me start – this is Linda. Let me start, the way that this works is that once we acquire a system, it goes through regulatory approvals by the PSE in that state. Once that approval is obtained, then we would include the acquisition in our next rate case. And so there is a bit of regulatory lag from the time that we get the approval to the time that it's included in a rate case proceeding that rate case proceeding then will determine the amount of rate base that we are authorized to earn a return on. And so that's really the process that it goes through.
Linda Sullivan: I would add to that, that we continue to look at our cash flow from operations, which is strong and which in our five year plan is expected to exceed our capital expenditures in 2018.
Linda Sullivan: No, that's actually timing differences between primarily the third quarter, but also first quarter and second quarter and has moved into the fourth quarter.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Susan, all across our footprint, we're seeing positive legislation from Indiana and Illinois to New Jersey and Pennsylvania. But really all the states encouraging us to invest in our infrastructure and making sure that we have enablers to acquire systems as well. So we're seeing very positive movement in each of our states.
Walter Lynch: And Angie, it's Walter. Speaking to the acquisition pipeline and some of the deals we've announced, what we're doing is providing solutions for communities, and with communities have issues and they're looking for somebody to come in and buy their systems, we are the natural acquirer. I think the legislation in each of the states are key enablers for us to do this, and we're seeing that play out across our footprint, but particularly in Pennsylvania as I noted, with two large acquisitions Scranton Sewer Authority and then the Authority of McKeesport. We're providing solutions for these communities, and they're turning to us because we have the expertise and the financial wherewithal to be able to buy the systems and operate them properly and make sure they're protected for years going forward.
Walter Lynch: Yes. I mean, it all ties back as we are talking here, the 1% to 2%. We're confident that we're going to be able to deliver 1% to 2% customer growth through acquisitions.
Walter Lynch: Yeah. This is Walter. And we have that fair market legislation, fair value legislation in six of our states now, and we do see a catching on, because it's just another enabler for us to go and acquire systems and pay the fair market value, which gives the mares, the communities options if they're looking to monetize assets. So, we do think it's got momentum and you can see just in the last couple of years, how it's expanded across United States. And so many of our acquisitions are tied to that fair market legislation. So, it is working as well.
Walter Lynch: And Tim, I'd add to that as we look at the way that we're structured overall from the American Water perspective, we really leverage the size and scale of our company to be able to provide synergies across the business in terms of back office support, finance, HR, legal, as well as our supply chain.
