Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to again remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. And such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Edward D. Vallejo: Kevin, it's Ed. Yes, it should be up to scale. So let me know when you have that service that sees if it is to scale, if it doesn't work out enough, but in our side, it is.
Edward D. Vallejo: Jonathan, I guess, the answer I want to give you is, we're certainly looking at the level of CapEx given what we think our future expenditures level will be, that we can put in and maintain the kind of rate levels that we think we can sell with our commissioners and customers. We'll talk more about that in December in terms of what that really looks like. But is there a potential for an $800 million, the $800 million to $1 billion that we've used for the couple of years that shift over the next 5 years? The answer to that is yes. When it might shift to, and how much it shifts, if it shifts at all, we'll talk more about it in December. Right now, we've got a plan that, as Susan said, has got California included in it. Remember, one of the things that's happening is we've been spending about $100 million a year on BT. That disappears this year. So there's $100 million there that was going to that project which now is going to be available to go into hard infrastructure on the regulated side. And so that's still at the current -- at the same current level. But we are -- we're still not spending for 100-year replacement cycle, for example, and that's our goal, it's to get to 100-year replacement cycle. Because that's really kind of the outer limits of what we think the life of most of these systems are.
Edward D. Vallejo: Well, Nashville, we've got to go through the formal contract, and so that can take 30, 60 days, something like that. So it takes a little while. And then we have to put together the plan with the city because in that instance, this is an exclusive arrangement and it will go on their bill. So that -- it won't be until close to the end of the year before it could get rolled out. On Houston, frankly, I think that's already out there. We are starting to take customers into it. We've had advertisements and releases that have gone out and it's hit the newspapers in Houston. It is nonexclusive and so it's a little easier. They're basically just endorsing a couple of programs, so that one is moving forward. The Nashville one, because it is exclusive, has more potential, probably it won't really be out and customers are signing up until the end of the year.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Susan. If you go to Slide 19, this is a slide on expectations for the year that we use every quarter. Nothing is changed. We've already really spoken about our progress on all of these efforts, which will anchor our long-term earnings per share goal of 7% to 10%, which we continue to be committed to and believe is achievable. Let me call your attention to 1 item, and that's the issuance of our new corporate responsibility report, which covers the years 2011 and 2012 in terms of data. And you can find this on our website. Our commitment as a company from the board level down, the corporate responsibility and sustainability, is truly one of our company's guiding beacons and we're proud to be the only water company the U.S. that's included in the Dow Jones Sustainable Index. Lastly, let me also just remind you, as I know a number of you probably have it already marked up in your calendars, but we will be hosting our 2013 Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday, December 17. And we'll provide you more information about this in the coming months. With that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, Kevin, I think, frankly, it's enforcement actions being taken largely through consent decrees on the wastewater sides that are really starting to create some challenges and tension for a lot of municipalities. On the water side, the drinking water side, probably a little less so. There isn't a driving issue like arsenic was a few years ago that's mandating investment, although probably the next one that has attracted some attention is the chrome 6 issue, which is one that we've really got our hands around already. So again, it's this notion of -- as that infrastructure is out of sight, out of mind, the level of investment is trailing. I mean, that's why you see the average investment cycle of 250 years really going up to 350 years, whereas we as a company, are about 125. It's an issue that's attracting attention, but I don't think there's a solution. Well, there's not necessarily a solution that a lot of municipalities are yet facing up to. And that solution is really, you got to bring private capital in because the federal money is just not going to be there.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. The wastewater side is the one that is more susceptible to enforcement. And you've got, gosh, I can't -- I saw recently the number of cities that are under enforcement action. I don't remember the number, but whether it's Kansas City, which is a large metropolitan area or a smaller city like Chattanooga, Tennessee, they've got multi $100 million dollar enforcement actions. The challenge will be how strongly does the EPA enforce the timing of it. Do they give them slack so that instead of it needing to be done in the next 5 years, oh, well, we'll give you 7 or 10. That's where we've seen slippage in the past. I would say one of the things that Sandy brought to light was the risk. When you have increased volatility of weather and the risk of flooding and the like, whether it be from storm surge or rain or what have you, is the amount of untreated or only partially treated wastewater that got dumped, that gets -- and that is, I think, the risk that is starting to attract a lot more attention. Just with Sandy it was over 11 billion gallons of raw sewage that was dumped. And so that's a broader base challenge, but it puts a focus on the issue of adequate wastewater treatment and doing the right things relative to storm water. So I'm hopeful that the EPA will keep the pressure up to ensure that we, as a country, are doing the right things. I think it's important that environmental groups and others help support that.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, we've always talked about it as a long-term growth rate and so that's the anchoring in 2012. I know every year, we get pushed about, well so is it off a new base. And we're trying to say, look, 7% to 10% is a long-term growth rate, and yes, we're anchoring it off 2012. Even though our range is above that, and, of course, we'll provide you a range for 2014 as we get a -- probably in the December session.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I always get nervous because we've got those engineers and financial players and whether it's something they put it on logarithmic paper or what, I always get a little very nervous, but just kidding.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I guess, the ones -- a couple that I just touched on. I mean, we are getting increased understanding and recognition about the issue of declining use. And I think this is one where the industry was slow on the uptake, but is rapidly trying to move this forward. So frankly, there hadn't been much of anything done up until really probably the last 3 years or so. So, except in California, where there's an overall policy mandate. So I think that's on the positive side. I think on the risk side is, okay, so what does -- where do returns go and how successful are we in helping people understand that when you have artificially held down risk-free rates, it -- that doesn't necessarily change the cost of equity. And I think we've seen what's probably best described as mixed results. There are some states that have gone fairly low. I think the majority of our states have approached that with a more reason than tempered response in thinking about what that cost of -- what's an appropriate cost of equity. I think the 2 things that we keep a real ear on are the issue of degree of rate change, so that we don't push that frontier too hard, yet at the same time, we have great reception to the investment of capital. And so as we've talked to regulators about the chart that Susan has talked to you all about, about how we shifted, how much of our rate increases are capital versus O&M base, that's something that they receive positively. But I think those are the issue of declining use. And now, frankly, you're starting to hear a lot of electrics say, oh we no longer have growth. And so they're starting to scramble on that issue.
Jeffry E. Sterba: One of the things that I think all that says is, of course, we may -- he have bias, but if I was going to focus on communities that have the greatest potential for growth and expansion, because they're going to be able to provide service to customers and it's -- and they're not going to have main breaks, et cetera, I'd look to those communities that are -- provided service by privately held companies that are regulated, because Susan's exactly right. We're seeing recognition of that on the regulatory side. Unfortunately, not at all communities, but in a number of communities. Your politician elected today, that's an out-of-sight, out-of-mind investment, it's a little harder to make, were a little easier to set a side and not necessarily keep up with that infrastructure. I think there are some cities, which -- and I commend -- I'll commend Chicago for what they're trying to do and Philadelphia for what they're trying to do in terms of their green cities initiative. And I don't mean solely them. I think New York is also there and there are others that are there. But boy, there is a whole host of that 50,000 communities or individual utilities that, that's not necessarily getting done.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, yes, sort of. What happens is that the party submits a -- as part of their testimony, a basis for the cost of service that's been agreed to. It is a black box settlement, so there isn't a formal ROE. What we have submitted and what -- and I'm trying to remember which party it is that joined us with that, just Consumer Advocate, submitted -- resubmitted our cost of service than the Consumer Advocate did that the ROE is at 9.9, 9.9%. Whereas the staff has submitted a cost of service that uses 9.75%. They get to the same revenue requirement, so it gets to the same rate levels, they just go about it in a different way. So I think it's -- we believe it's 9.9%, but it's in that range.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, on a regulated side, as we said before, the lion share of any optimization has been done. We will remain open to looking at whether it's inter-state or intra-state opportunities. I can't tell you that there's the state -- we're not in the process of saying there's a state we want to exit. We're comfortable with what we've got, but we will always look at opportunities to optimize that. On the Contract Operations side, by and large, most of it has been accomplished, moving us into a set of contract that we can operate in a much more profitable way, starting to shift the way that we're thinking. We're looking at how that business expands and being very specific and focused about what we won't go back into. We had to work -- our people did a heck of a job in extracting ourselves out of some contracts and arrangements that just were not profitable and the last thing we'll do is go back into those.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, you kind of gave what the basket of opportunities are. I mean, we are clearly not going to weaken our cap structure, but as we've talked about before, we don't necessarily see an overriding need to strengthen it necessarily either. So the 44% equity that we're at today, will by nature, go up a bit. But it's just we've got room to issue debt to the extent that our total CapEx or other expenditures, for example, with the kinds of acquisitions like the one we're doing in Virginia, that's a little larger, more of those. So we've got headroom to do that. If you're poking around, so is there a stock buyback on the horizon, those are things we do not have a stock buyback plan at this stage. Those are things that is an ongoing part of the business. We're focused on the right amount of capital first to invest in the business. And that's a function of both what we can afford through the rate-making process and the amount of free cash flow that we have in our headroom on the debt side. So I kind of leave it there. We'll give you more color about a forward look on the 5 years as we hit December.
Jeffry E. Sterba: In those areas where we are on the bill, so we're on the water or wastewater bill, we see penetration rates that are up into the 30s. And we have disclosed that before. So in the low-30s kind of range. When you're not on a bill, it noticeably drops off, but we don't get specific penetration.
Jeffry E. Sterba: It is a very good question and it has a couple of pieces to it. The example I would give is the Dale services. In the sense of how big our company is, it doesn't seem large, but 20,000 customers is a large acquisition in this world. Those kind -- these acquisitions, we're very disciplined about the ability to get what we pay in rates. If we don't think we can get it into rates, we are not paying it. Now that does not mean there won't be a premium because there are some states that allow a premium under certain circumstances. So if we're able, by virtue of that acquisition, to avoid a capital investment or 2 lower overall cost, then acquisitions can be allowed. Now we're still sitting on acquisition premiums made with citizens, for example. You're not going to see something like that and neither Susan or I or anybody else in this company has any appetite for paying major premiums that you're just, you're basically going to be accepting a lower return on. That's just not our philosophy about this. But things you are seeing certain communities that get into, they get challenged and we have a very disciplined approach about what is it that, that state will specifically allow. If they want more than that, well that's interesting, we're not going to pay more than that.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Easier, none of the stuff is easy because it's got politics wrapped around it and all sorts of other stuff. To me and I think to us, wastewater is much more of an area that's got greater growth potential because wherever we serve water, someone's providing wastewater. And so we're already known in those communities. And that, most of the time, is not us. So we think that provides a market particularly given that wastewater is not necessarily held as dear on the municipal side as drinking water is, even though it's all one water. So we think that wastewater has significant potential for us.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. At this stage, we only have estimates and that's what's reflected in the agreements. And part of that is because there are some -- a couple of outstanding issues in terms of the recharge project. So there isn't the ability to have certainty on what those costs are yet. So once -- as we get those resolved, those kinds of significant issues resolved, then I would expect that we'll have much firmer, that's why we're giving you a range at this stage, so there isn't a number that someone can say, oh, well you can't exceed this because specifics of the projects are not yet fully resolved.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me just thank you, all, very much for your questions and for your interest. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter and don't hesitate to call us if you got any questions in the interim. Thanks much.
Susan N. Story: Yes, and I think consistent with what Jeff said, we take very seriously our responsibility on water efficiency and so we are proactively working with all of our states in terms of how we can promote water efficiency and address declining usage through, as Jeff has said, either decoupling type mechanism, looking at revenue adjustments for future test years, looking at performance incentive for some of the water efficiency program. So we're really looking at lots of different options to address this -- the same issue. And also on the key elements coming from [indiscernible] in looking at some of the commentary, as well as hearing from some of the people there, the commitment of state regulators to the replacement of aging infrastructure may be as strong as it's ever been. The recognition that this is something we have to address and that if we begin to address it today, that it would be far better than waiting until we have more severe problems in terms of main breaks, leaks and the economic impacts of that. So I think that we think increasing and growing commitment to that, and as Jeff said, what that means to us is, how do we find a way to promote that investment while also controlling price increases for the customers. And that is through our control of O&M so that any or most the majority of price increases will be for investment and -- CapEx investment and not O&M expenses.
Susan N. Story: Heike, this is Susan. The expenditures for those projects are included in our forecast for -- we, this year, have said we will spend about $950 million in CapEx. We are looking -- and there is range you saw based on some things. It hadn't been decided yet the size of the plant, how we're going to approach, I believe it's 6.4 million gallons per day versus 9.6 million, and the 6.4 million would have bigger groundwater replenishment. So we're really working through right now what that will be, based on some of the final decisions on that project, but we anticipate those will be rolled in to our CapEx guidance for each year.
Susan N. Story: And there's a lot of things we look at, Jonathan, part of it, and not just a flat amount, but what does that mean in terms of our equity needs. We've gone on the record that we do not anticipate issuing equity under normal business operations for the foreseeable future. So we run a lot of scenario now. We also are looking, for example, to Jeff's point, of next year not having the BT expenditures. What does it mean in terms of our distribution system infrastructure charge, which reduces regulatory lag? This year, about 39% of our CapEx will be DSIC, just as a matter of the B2 rolling off which isn't eligible, that percent could go up next year. So when we run the analysis of the overall target, we look at a lot of factors including both the reg side and the market bases.
Susan N. Story: They were down in line mostly energy chemicals. Chemicals may not have gone down as much on a straight-line correlation because we did have some chemical increased cost in a few areas, but energy was, and chemicals were down. And those are the 2 predominant components of those expenses.
Susan N. Story: That's a great question. I'm glad you asked. The regulations say that we can file up to twice a year in New Jersey for the DSIC. Some of you may have noticed there were some earlier material that we filed for $6.3 million. And I just noted that we have annualized increase to $4 million. Because of the way that the regulation is worded, it appeared that we could go in. And so we had anticipated during 7 months on our first filing, 5 months in our second, the staff really and rate counts, so really preferred that we do 6 and 6. So that accounts for the difference in the $6.3 million and the $4 million. But rather than being effective August 1, it was effective July 1. So short answer, it's twice a year, up to twice in 12 months. And we have further guidance that the preference is every 6 months.
