Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Moving to our long-term plan. We believe that sustainable financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day and finding ways to be even better. These fundamentals include being the very best at our proven core competencies of water and waste water treatment and delivery, delivering the best service and experience to our customers, building constructive and transparent regulatory relationships, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operations to ensure affordability and value for our customers. American Water will invest $8.4 billion to $9 billion over the next five years with more than $7.2 billion spent to improve our existing infrastructure. We see line of sight to our 32% target O&M efficiency ratio by 2022. Our regulated water and wastewater operations will continue to be our core and anchor business. Our market-based businesses will continue to provide strategic value and cash for the business. And our customers must remain at the center of every decision we make in everything we do because we know that long-term financial success is an outcome of doing everything else right. With this strong performance and our continued execution of strategies, we are narrowing our 2018 adjusted earnings guidance to the upper portion of the range at $3.27 to $3.32. And as Linda said, we affirm our long-term EPS growth CAGR to be in the top half of our 7% to 10% range. Walter will now give his update on our regulated businesses.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. All of the efforts, we discussed today drive our financial performance. We continue to be a leader in total shareholder return and dividend growth. In April of this year, our board of directors approved a 9.6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $45.05 per share. This marks the sixth year in a row that our dividend increase was at or above the top of our long term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. And as you know, we have also guided our next five year dividend growth CAGR to the top end of that EPS range. Our last 12 months adjusted annualized ROE for the entire company increased to 9.9%. We are very proud of these financial accomplishments and we know that they are very important to you. But for us, it’s also about making a difference with engage people, who have a shared purpose and a heart to make the world a better place. There’s a lot of focus in conversation today by investors regarding ESG principles in their broadest and most holistic sense. At the core is the question of whether a company can do well by doing good. We, at American Water, believed that the answer to that question is an unqualified and resounding yes. We never forget that at the end of every water pipe, there’s a family depending on us to provide life’s most critical need. That at every fire hydrant lives could depend on us. That every wastewater treatment plant serves as a shield against potential disease and that every community should be stronger because we are there. We are a purpose-driven company. We are people powered and our employees live in and give back to the communities, we are privileged to serve. As we have been saying for the past several years, we put customers at the center of everything we plan and do. Everyday are 7,100 employees take pride in delivering the critical services of water, sanitation and fire protection to about 14 million Americans in over 1,600 communities across the country. At the end of the day, we know that what we do in our customers and communities best long term interest will also be in our investors best long term interest. And that’s what we believe it means to be a truly sustainable company. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Thank you, Durgesh. And just the short answer is, no. We are – at our core, we are a water and wastewater utility. Even though we have several executives, who have a deep background in electric and gas, we know that, as a company, our core competencies, what we know best, what our employees know best, what is kind of second nature to us is water and wastewater. And we believe that there are significant opportunities in the U.S., not just – we’re not interested overseas either. We believe that the United States, the market for water and wastewater is where we should focus and we believe that we will have plenty of opportunities there.
Susan Story: And also, Angie, in terms of – so we had a few headwinds, but if you look and some of the things we mentioned. We had some really positive this year. Linda mentioned that year-over-year on adjusted, we were $0.06 up in Regulated, we were $0.05 up in Market-Based, almost predominantly Homeowner Services, which is doing really well. So it was – and then the parent was up $0.01 because of we’ve done some significant refinancing. So I look at it, as just running our business well. I mean, we’re trying to look at every lever and how can we be most efficient in our operations and make every part of our business count. So we do have the takes, but we also had several puts and those add up. And to Linda’s point, that’s one reason that we’re very conservative about what we do for non-GAAP is that, there’s normal business puts and takes and sometimes they’re up and sometimes they’re down. And one of the benefits we have with the diversity of state and our size and our geographic footprint is they tend to offset each other or they have at least to date. So going through and we try to and hopefully what you all see is, we try to be very granular and transparent in these items in our slides and in our discussion. So you can see, what offset those items that you brought up.
Susan Story: Yes. I’ll take the latter question and then Linda can ask the first one. You’re exactly right. These four partnerships, were actually responses to RFPs that our legacy homeowner services organization has been working on for several months before we ever actually bought Pivotal. So these are predominantly the water and the wastewater lines or sewer lines, you’re exactly correct.
Susan Story: What I mentioned was that, we are – we believe water transfer is a good ongoing business and will allow us to decide whether in the future Keystone should remain part of our portfolio of market-based businesses or not. Jonathan, whether you are going to keep a business longer-term or whether you are considering other options for the business, it’s always best to have that business operating very effectively and that’s what our focus has been right now.
Susan Story: And that’s regardless of what the strategic options are for the business. We would have to do that anyway.
Susan Story: It is the shift of expenses from the first nine months of the year into the fourth quarter and we saw some of that shifts come in the third quarter from the prior two quarters and then we have about $12 million that we expect has shifted from the beginning of the year into the fourth quarter.
Susan Story: Jonathan, I’d tell you, what the number four right, undefeated. Good job. I’m not going to talk about much thing.
Susan Story: Thank you, Karl. Thank you all for participating in our call today. Please know that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with all of you, so you can have complete confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they will be happy to help. And as a reminder, our Investor Day will be on Tuesday December 11 at our new Platinum-certified corporate office building in Camden, New Jersey. We love our new home and our community, and we look forward to seeing you all there. If you haven’t registered, please do so at your earlier convenience. Thanks again for listening and we hope you have a great week.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Durgesh. We are guiding to $3.27 to $3.32, and as you know, there’s a lot of puts and takes every quarter. And so we are comfortable guiding to that range, which is the upper portion of our prior range.
Linda Sullivan: So, Angie, let me start with the New Jersey rate case. So we were authorized $40 million. We had interim rates of $75 million that we put into place. From an accounting perspective, what we do, when we put in interim rates is we continually assess our best estimate of the outcome and that’s what we record on our books. And so we do not expect any material change in the fourth quarter associated with the New Jersey rate case. The difference between what we requested in that case and what the outcome was primarily driven by the change in ROE. We had requested 10.8% ROE and, as you know, we have 9.6%. We also requested the 54% equity ratio. And then the other changes were associated with changes in depreciation expense and O&M expense, which is typical.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And on the integration, it is going very well. We had guided, as part of the acquisition, that we were tracking to be near breakeven this year with Pivotal and as a reminder, our EPS neutral comments incorporated consideration of the modest share dilution. So we are on track there. What we are seeing is that we’re a bit favorable in the third quarter associated with our integration costs and that’s primarily due to some timing as well as some items that we had originally thought were going to be expensed are being capitalized. And so there’s a little bit of positive there as well.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And, Jonathan, this is Linda. In terms of the impairment, we generally do our impairment testing in the November timeframe. But because of the operational issues and the negative earnings results in the third quarter, combined with our decision to narrow the scope of the business going forward, that triggered us to look at the long-term valuation and triggered the impairment analysis.
