Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the second quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our operations. Once again, American Water employees delivered strong results during the second quarter of 2016. We executed on fundamentals by investing in our water and wastewater system to ensure safe and reliable service. We operated efficiently to reduce cost impacts on customers field. We continue to grow our business based on our reputation and core competency and we worked to provide excellent service to all of our customers. As you can see on Slide 6, we reported second quarter operating revenues of $827 million, a 5.8% increase above second quarter 2015. Earnings were $0.77 per share, a 13.2% increase above second quarter 2015. Our results reflects some timing benefits partially offset by some one-time expenses. For the first six months in 2016, EPS increased 8.8% and revenues were up 6.1%. Slide 7 highlights, how we are executing on our strategy. Our foundation remains capital investment in our regulated operations. During the first half of the year, we have invested $552 million in capital including 24 million for regulated acquisitions. The majority of the remaining $528 million was in regulated operation primarily to improve water and wastewater system improvement for the benefit of our customers. We plan to invest $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion for the full year, mostly for regulated infrastructure investments. That level of investment is balanced by our continued focus on controlling O&M cost as well as utilizing constructed regulatory mechanisms. Walter will cover this in greater detail, but we never lose sight of our customers and what they have to pay. This quarter was no exceptions and our employees continue to improve efficiency. We had excellent growth during the first half of 2016. We have added approximately 7,600 new customers from closed acquisitions and 5,300 customers from organic growth. We have agreements in place, pending regulatory approval, which would add 47,800 more customers that include both the previously announced Scranton Sewer Authority, which led 31,000 wastewater customers as well as our recently announced acquisition of Shorelands Water Company adding more than 11,000 water customers in New Jersey. I also want to mention acquisition activity that exemplify my earlier comment about growing our business based on our reputation and core competency. On Tuesday, the citizens of Blue Grass, Iowa voted in over whelming 86% majority to join the Iowa American family. Subject to a final agreement and regulatory approval, this 720 customer connections in Blue Grass would join this 730 new customers in yes community Iowa, which close earlier this year. These two additions result in a 2.3% growth from acquisition over the 63,000 customer we had in Iowa at end of 2015. We are very proud of the dedication, reputation and customer commitment of our folks Iowa, as well as in all of our other state that we are privileged to serve. In the market base businesses in the second quarter, we launched a municipal partnership to Homeowner services in George Town South Carolina. Our contract services grew kind of 10 year O&M agreement in July with the township of South Orange, New Jersey, which has 4,700 customers. Our Military services grew, began service to our Military and their families at Vandenberg Air Force Base on June 1. As we noted in the first quarter earnings call, we continue to see headwinds in AWE for the remainder of the year. primarily due to lower fixed capital upgrade on our existing military installation compared to previous years. Linda will discuss this a bit more in her comments. Many of you know that drilling activity is picking up in the Marcellus and Utica formation where our Keystone Clearwater subsidiary provides water services. As noted on the slide as of today we continue to see Keystone as being EPS neutral for the year. However, we will continue to evaluate the market and services demand and provide any update on our third quarter call. As noted on the slide our market share continues to increase and is now around 35% of the water services market in the Appalachian Basin. As Linda will discuss in more detail we experienced an increase in our medical costs during the second quarter some of which we expect to impact us through the second half of the year, I would raise some of the more innovative ways we are looking to manage these costs in the future in my closing remarks. As you can see on Slide 8, based on the results during the first half of the year we remain on track and we are affirming our 2016 guidance of $2.75 to $2.85 per share. We also continue our progress toward achieving our long-term goal of 7 to 10% EPS growth through 2020. And with that, Walter will now give you his update on our operation.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before we move on to Q&A I would like to take a couple of minutes to talk about healthcare cost. Like other companies our healthcare cost are going up. This is especially true in utilities for we have been even more pronounced ageing workforce. We are currently partnering with our healthcare and pharmacy providers for better pricing, while strongly promoting a healthy and safe culture to our employees. We continue to promote wellness and help management programs, preventative care screening and education for employees on being thoughtful consumers at healthcare, but were going a step further. Earlier this year, American Water was a founding member with 20 national companies, which you see on the chart to formed a health transformational alliance or HTA. Since the initiatives we have kicked off in February and additional 13 companies have joined the alliance so within now 33 company representing more than 5.5 million people across the country. We are proud to be part of this cutting edge effort. The overall goal of the HTA is to create higher quality care by firs partnering with facilities and positions that have better outcomes, while also aggregating the purchasing power of all of the member companies to get cost down. Additionally, HTA companies will improve our guidance without identifying individual information for better treatment options, better health outcomes and more reasonable and efficient pricing. The HTA is following a similar process for pharmaceutical purchasing and contracting systems. The HTAs efforts have been highlighted recently in several media publications including the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s and the Boston Globe. This is just the start of an exciting collaborative efforts. We will keep you updates as we work with leading companies throughout the United States to improve the quality of healthcare and slow the rising cost for our company, employees, and their family. So, in summary, our year-to-date financial performance reflects the successful execution of our strategies, investing in our system, off riding efficiently, growing our business and remaining stead fast in our commitment to the highest standards of customer service and water quality. And with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: And Ryan, so the driver for this just like Walter and Linda said, the reason that this is for water is because there is a recognition that with every increasing infrastructure needs, every increasing retirement, smallest distance increase in water quality standard. There is a general concern, do we have the ability to meet the need of water and wastewater system. And Public Service Commissions also are residents of the state they are in. So even if in many states municipalities are regular about the PSCs. The recognition of water and wastewater challenges is shared by everyone. So we do find in many of our states, vacations are concerned about water quality, water issue along with their governmental institute. And the whole point here is to offer optionality to municipalities so that whatever works for them and their citizens they have the options to do, and Fair Market Legislation just helps us that whole situation.
Susan Story: Actually Illinois was the first, when you look at the Fair Market Legislation at least in our service area it started with Illinois legislation, they were among the first to do that. The general question though is, I think today as you continue to see water and wastewater systems under distress across the country. This is a very viable solution that enables municipalities to benefit from water utilities like us and others to benefit and to solve - the main thing is to solve a problem for the citizens out there who are depending on the best water quality. But also you have communities around the country who are doing an amazing job first of all, they have all of these different priorities. They have to provide for schools and for roads, and for parks, and you know the responsibilities that these municipalities have is so long and as we know a lot of the Federal funds aren’t there anymore that were there during the 70s and 80s and even 90s, and because they are trying the very best they can to serve the systems of their communities. So where it makes sense and this is an option for them and they choose to put their systems up for sale, you know having this type of legislation takes an obstacle away from that. In the past we have had situations where a municipality or governmental entity wanted to sell a system we wanted to buy it but because of the way things work between the book value and what were able to put in a rate base that wasn't considered premium it's stopped a lot of deals before they ever took place. So I think this is an effort by state to have a win-win situation but at the end of the day the people in those communities need to be better off and the municipalities are able then to provide the critical services that they are responsible for.
Susan Story: I think that is a big open question right now Shar, I think one of the things we know is that on some of the military installations where we served water and wastewater a question has come up about storm water so that we provide services for the whole water cycle. So that's really the immediate issue that we are looking at and clarifying in Washington in terms of the role of storm water in the privatization legislation which by the way is actually there. So I think it's one of those that as the entire country looks at water supply challenges and we look at the entire water cycle. It's not you know in the past we tend to say it's the drinking water, it's storm water, it's sewer water where you have drought situations, where you have the need and we need to promote water recycling reuse, we are going to start everyone looking at the whole cycle. So I think it's very early in this space to do that, but it's something because it's part of the water cycle that we have to look at.
Susan Story: Shar what we know so we like to base our guidance on what we know. So market conditions have stabilized we know that and they have began slightly improve so we have seen some increases as rig count currently pricing as you all know and some customers have risen completion and drilling activity, but were looking at capital spending, how much of it we will hit at the end of this year versus 2017. So I think it's really a timing issue that we are looking at. So what we want to do is to look over the next few months to look at how that had stabilized, what that means for 2016 versus 2017. But the good news, as you said is that we are starting to see activity, it is nice spread, we are starting to see our growth in market share. The last we had shared with you before this call was about 30% we are now seeing about 35% with some of the smaller players have fallen by the [indiscernible] during they really tough times. So our customers are steady, we are not seeing any further deferrals of completion activities, we are picking up some new customers but we just need to monitor over the next few months and see what we have got.
Susan Story: Well Rich I'm not going to comment on this because they need to speak for themselves, but I will tell you from our standpoint, in fact here is what we know. there is a recognitions by the EPA throughout the country about the infrastructure needs that we have in the United States. Our plans are very open in our state, and our DSIC in any of our infrastructure surcharge we present plan, we also go in who we have either quarterly sometimes semi-annually filing where there is a close monitoring of the projects we are working on, what we are spending. In addition to our O&M efficiency at least for American Water we also have several efforts in terms of capital efficiency. And what are we doing not only to spend every O&M dollar, but are we doing to show that we are actually even improving how we spend every capital dollar, because for us it's this situation. We are faced with years of investment, we want to be as efficient with every dollar as we can possibly be, because that needs we can put more on the ground, not in impact to customer bills and to be able to get the infrastructure replaced more quickly which still is a decade going issue. So that one thing we know. I will also tell you with the recent I'll say attention to water quality issues in a time when you have infrastructure, but you also have emerging water quality issues and we have seen what happened in different parts of the country when we don’t invest in infrastructure. I’m not sure that there is risk that we are willing to take.
Susan Story: Sure, so first of all, understand that our Keystone executive and management spend a lot of time with our customers. We share with them and they share with us some of their plans or drilling plans. So the cautiousness is not really related to timing of holidays or vacations. You are talking about an E&P industry that’s extremely cautious because of what they have gone through the past 18 months. So you don’t have people that have gone from being so far down to think we are going to pull it out the stock and ramp everything up immediately. They have a cautiousness, so we have cautiousness. And it is a testing of the waters. The foundations are becoming stronger with the natural gas prices, I think NYMEX closed yesterday at $2.84, for example, just in April it was a $1.90 per million BTUs. We are starting see better pricing as the supply has been drawn down because of the heat across the country in this summer. We are starting to see some activities where people had not been doing drilling and now they are, we are starting to see some more drilling rigs come up. So our cautiousness is the timing. It is the spacing, it is how quickly we will see this come up, how quickly we will see the supply that basically is being drown and being replenished. What are the forecasts for the winter months, how cold will the winter be. So we try to base looking at objective, third-party data like, price projections, like drilling projections we look at all of that, then we also look at our internal discussions we have with our customers and what their are drilling plans are. So the cautiousness is what you don't want for people to flip back and forth to say, it's not good, it's great, it's not. We just want to be very cautious as we look at the ramp up in the continuing string of the natural gas drilling markets and make sure that we are very careful in how we look at that emergence.
Susan Story: You know really it's both, so they are so close, I mean basically it's three state its Pennsylvania, it's Ohio and it's West Virginia. And of course the formations are beside each other and also importantly as we mentioned on the first quarter call, you know Shell has announced that they are going to build a cracker plant there south of Pittsburgh, which is right in the heart of where the Marcellus and Utica and some of the formations are very close together. So we are excited about that, because what that will do is if they start construction as they have said in 2018 and finish in 2020, you are talking about even more valuable natural gas drilling where you can get the NGLs along with the natural gas. So we just see that area and the intersection between Utica and Marcellus being very rich. The fact is we know that it is the cheapest to drill, for the drillers and it also requires a good bit of water, because of the depth of the formation. So we think that's the right place to be and we've been asking. Also at this point we are not interested in going into other formations, because we think that the Utica and Marcellus is where we have the most key areas for production growth in the future.
Susan Story: Well a couple of things so Rich, in recent weeks the drill count has been about 36 in the Appalachian Basin and we are all natural gas by the way, we do very little to no support for oil actually for us it's mostly natural gas so that's one. Second thing you are exactly right, what we are finding is that in order to more efficiently utilize wells that have already been drilled, they are looking at higher pressure more sand, which does require more water, you are exactly right. But those changes in the market and the efficiency are things that our folks at Keystone work closely with customers in terms of estimates of how much water we need. So you are right, there is changes, that's one of the reasons that the whales have become so much more efficient is they are doing the second third frac and they are also putting a lot more sand and lot more pressure with the sane when they go to those second and third fracs. So you are exactly right. I would tell you there is a couple of other things we are involved in and one of them is we are working with a couple of customers on some automated pumping that really is not pretty standard right now. So we consistently look at working the A&P on how to make the production more efficient, how to get the most they can out of each individual well and to make sure that we are solutions provider on everything around water and water services.
Susan Story: Yes, we actually have an AMI team that we are working throughout the company to come up with a roll out unlike electric the water bills or so much like it's a business. Of course, we are looking at the ability to be able to justify them economically. One of the good things is we are seen a lot better technology with the meters that will allow us to actually put in AMR meters that we can then do software upgrade to actually make them AMI meters which is good. We continue to work with some electric utilities on utilizing some of the same back haul infrastructure, so that our customers don’t have to double the cost of those investments, we are working with Edison ComEd in Chicago area as well as there is a couple of other utilities that have expressed an interest. And we were very excited about that, because it's really as the win, win to our customers where we put in a water meter. But the one reason that does push us to do AMI is interestingly still a lot of water meters across our footprint are in people's homes. So the ability to put in AMI that we don’t have to actually send people out to peoples' homes. Instead of times to go into their home, is the real not just a efficiency improvement, but also a customer satisfaction improvement. So we are taking all of those factors, we have got a plan in place to roll out AMI over the next few years and where we can partner with electric utilities to offset some of that cost for our customers we are all for it.
Susan Story: Okay that's a great question, Jonathan thanks. It's that as we look at the military bases, there are several RFPs that are outstanding from the timely do and initial bid, it can be underground from three to five years before bases are awarded and we do have several outstanding bids. Again, we only bid on those basis that the 50 years contract value is from $250 million and above, because for us the normal base is - with the cost of bidding an all that. So you are correct. The last one that was awarded was Eglin, and we did bid on it and American States Water did win that one and we are taking our lesson learned and seeing what we could do better next time. We do think that we know that there are others in the process, several we have already bid on, others that we think will come out for bid. It's an ongoing process and so we are just looking to get better every time we make a bid.
Susan Story: We don’t foresee any announcements in the second half of the year. With that said however, one never know. So when you got a bid out there, that’s going to out there for couple of three years depending on the particular installation and where the Department of Defense is. So it's very difficult to predict, but at this point we don’t foresee any further rewards this year, but we could be wrong.
Susan Story: Jonathan that is correct. We have looked at the weather impacts through July across all of our state, and although we did see more heat in those states and hot weather, it was offset by also having rainfall in those areas as well.
Susan Story: Well, thanks everybody for participating on our call today and as always if you have any questions, please give Greg or Melissa a call. They will be happy to help. We want to thank everybody for participating, look forward to see you in November. And thank goodness in one month, football season starts. So everybody have a great day.
Walter Lynch: Yes Ryan, thanks for that question. We are seeing this catching on in many of the states. And you can see that by each of the state adopting it and what it really does is providing a center for municipalities to look to monetize their assets. To be able to provide a fair market data systems and before this we could pretty much only pay original cost minus appreciation and then anything above that was risk for us getting in rate base. It just works for everybody and it is getting a lot traction in each of the states where we operate and you can see that from the slide that we had up there, five of our big states have Fair Market Legislation.
Walter Lynch: Well Ryan, we are working towards closing by September 30 and we will continue to work with the city on that.
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s right. It removes the cap of 5% between rate cases and it's allows us to increase rate no more than 3.5% a year. And it also includes a number of other things that we can invest in and get recovery not just pipes. So it was very favorable for the industry.
Walter Lynch: It could lead to that, I mean we are going to continue work on our capital program to invest wisely within our systems and if that extends the rate cases that’s great, but we are going to continue to invest per our capital management program.
Walter Lynch: Yes, it's really too soon say, but it is favorable for us to continue to invest again at timely recovery. We will consider that as we are working for our capital plan for the next five years.
Richard Verdi: Great thank you Susan. That’s perfect. And then another question I have. I want to focus the rest of the questions on the Non-Reg segment. This kind of follows-up also on the last caller's inquiry. When you had laid it out to him, I just wanted to get some clarity though about the - let's call it, cautiously optimistic Q3 and Q4 for Keystone. I mean Oil is expected to pull back because of seasonality in late Q3 and into Q4. A lot of these guys go on vacation because of weather around Thanksgiving time and drilling activity dries up. So I’m assuming you are optimistic, because Q2 was probably strong and Q3 probably followed that strength, but what keeps you cautious? Is that seasonality potential for an oil pull back keeping you cautious, or are you now seeing customer indications where they are keeping you cautious on Q3? I am just looking for a little more clarity on that.
Richard Verdi: Okay that's helpful. And I guess the last question is this. When I think of the Marcellus, there are 10 rigs there. Six of them are Ontario Resources, which then means that their midstream arm who has a water business, that that water business is going to the midstream arm. And so then there is the four other guys there, and then the Utica there is only one Ontario Resource rig there, and of the 13 remaining they are all other players. And so of those other players - I understand that oil prices are supposed to decline because of seasonality. But they are also expect to decline following that. And in addition to that, if you look at any upstream player, they are all counting about how they are expecting to use - I think they were using something like 1,500 pounds of sand per lateral or somewhere around there. And it is expected to go up to 2,000. And so I’m wondering if there is a potential to expand and capture more business in the Utica because it is open there? And then two, that increased sand it means increased needs for water there. So are you guys factoring that into your figures, and if so, how much of a positive impact? Because a year ago, that was a 1,000 pounds and now we are talking doubling that. So I mean that could be really meaningful for American Water.
Richard Verdi: That's great. Thank you, Susan, and congrats again on the success this quarter and moving forward. I appreciate the time, it's great color.
