Jeff Sterba: Thank you very much Ellen. On slide 16, we have the what we always close with which is what we said at the beginning of the year, you could us accountable for. I won't go through these in any detail other than to say that every single one of these items is well under -- is either been completed well underway and ongoing effort going on with it. Let me just close with two quick follow-ups relative to O&M costs. The first is that to keep in mind that the impacts of the discontinued operations, the sale of Ohio, the acquisition of New York does not affect the measures because those discontinued ops are taken out of our calculations whether it be what we show is total regulated O&M cost or is the operating efficiency ratio. And the other one is, one of the things and this is just from I guess doing this for few years, one of the things you always look at as you are building a change process if you will, building on the things that our company does really well today and then but also trying to enhance the things that maybe we are not quite so good at. On the operating cost is how diversified is the reductions or the savings that you are seeing. Sometimes you will see it happen in one part of the business and that’s it and that can make you a little nervous, what I am so pleased about seeing is it across the entire company, it's all of the pieces of the business are operating in a more effective more and that gives you a lot more comfort about the long term and the fact that what you are trying to change is actually taking hold and people are jumping on it with excitement. So with that that’s the end of our comments and we will open it up for any questions you all may have.
Jeff Sterba: It is about 25% of our CapEx is been recovered through DSIC like mechanisms and that’s going to increase but remember that on for New Jersey, we won't see that take effect until what you said third quarter, so it will start and that $140 million that investment will start after we get approval of the program -- of the foundational (inaudible).
Jeff Sterba: Yes Neil the way to think about it is the 7% to 10% is not a year-over-year number, it is a long term projected growth rate. So and assumes kind of the things that we don’t control like weather are just kind of normal. So it does, you should think of it in terms of normalizing that amount out.
Jeff Sterba: Well you are right, we are in the 7% to 11% in the original guidance so a mid-point of say nine and we are now in the 14 range at the mid-point of the new guidance if you take out weather. It is fundamentally is what I talked about Neil in terms of execution. It's execution of the strategy both in terms of building a culture based on continuous process improvement and operational excellence. It's having multiple avenues for growth that if you just think about water utilities in general while you think okay it's going to be, it's a function of regulatory rate relief and maybe a little bit of weather. For us if we do DSIC (ph) or four tuck-ins like we did this past quarter that’s an element of growth. When you sign a deal to be able to extend line protection to 600,000 customers that’s like adding a New Jersey to that business. So multiple of different avenues are grown, so it's really all of those combined.
Jeff Sterba: Great question Michael but I am not going to answer, we just won't go into that much detail as you can probably understand that’s a competitive market and so that kind of detail is quite protected. I would just say that where you have access to customer list and you have the ability to utilize the local utilities bill, you get substantively higher penetration rates than in those areas where you don’t, we already today operate outside of our footprint, our regulated footprint in providing this competitive service. We have an oath with a couple of communities through the same kind of relationship with New York City and as well as just in other communities where we have done direct mail. It’s a full competitive business. New York is unique in that is the largest one its kind that's ever been issued. And we're very pleased with that, it's not a spectacle that you turn on. It's extra wild to build. And since it hasn’t been offered in the past it will be a new product for a lot of the folks in New York. But we're very, very excited about the opportunities. 
Jeff Sterba: There's just a couple things and all those clothes are now on to add anything they want. I wouldn’t say that this is like some cliff thing that's happened. Obviously you don't see the month-to-month, just the quarterlies but this is kind of the building of a trend and there is no single component, its exercising of our supply chain or aggressively and effectively. It's some labor reductions that we had. In fact if you recall that we expensed some charges in the first quarter for severance for some fairly small downsizing that we did. If you look at the breakout of our cost, our product cost actually went up which you would expect. But they didn’t go up nearly as much because of the things that we have done relative to acquisition, the chemicals, the power that help drive down the cost, the variable cost associated with production. 
Jeff Sterba: Our plan was baked into our $1.90 to $2 a share guidance and there is a lot of moving parts. I don't think we'll get into a point of starting doing the plusses and minuses of each individual part. We are doing obviously quite well relative to that entire part. 
Jeff Sterba: Well think about power costs for a second Gerard. There are two things that affect the power cost for us. One is, what's happening is that overall power markets. So obviously when natural gas prices are low, power prices are going to be lower unless there is some fundamental demand supply imbalances which shifts prices up dramatically. But the other piece of it is how effective are we in acquiring that model. So there is two different pieces to it. I can't tell you how much is which piece. Obviously we're going to continue to do everything we can to improve our acquisition prowess and the tools that we use to do that but at the same time we can't control what happens to natural gas prices. So you can't say its permanent unless you are going to say well let`s normalize what happens to power prices, chemicals prices all those kinds of things. 
Jeff Sterba: Well I think the way to think about that Brian is, we said that investing 800 to $1 billion, the mid-point of $900 million a year basically provides the engine to fund about 6% growth. And it can be a little higher, maybe a little lower but its right in that range, 6-6.5%. and the key for us obviously is being able to put that in and getting value of that through the rate taking process and so that's why we really focus on our cost control so that our rate cases are really capital base and we keep the size of the increase at a manageable level. So going beyond that, that means whether its tuck-ins, acquisitions, new product services and new markets. So new markets for example, moving into New York Citi, new products and services for example moving into from using home owners services in that case is moving into the indoor plumbing business or on in our existing service territories is moving more into waste water and sort of just portable water. So those are extensions or logical organically extensions that add in addition to acquisitions. So you remember that when we sometimes euphemistically refer to as the sandbox chart that's got the four colors and it shows how over time, the weight of those components will change as our efforts and success in improving our OEM existing assets gets to a point where we're earning our full cost of GAAP. 
Jeff Sterba: Remember we're doing a 12 month rolling average not a quarter over quarter. If you look at the quarter over quarter, it would clearly have a big dip for this quarter and you should expect it to come back up a little bit. And that's why we think quarterly measures for something like this don't make a lot of sense. So you look out on a 12 month rolling average which normalizes our sum of that. Its still, this quarter has a significant impact because of how good it was, but it won't have nearly as dramatic an impact. When we recorded the third quarter earnings we'll have to see if it's sticking in the same range, creeping up a little bit. Remember our long term goal is below 40 by 2015 and I'd say we're well on target to hit that.  
Jeff Sterba: It is a business opportunity that we're taking a hard look at. There is a lot that goes into what kind of systems will be used and by that I mean centralized, versus decentralized. What we may want to take on and the kind of the technologies that will afford the lowest cost for doing this. But I come from a part of the world where in the west we're water reinjection is done over time. But the difference is, in the western formations there's almost a giant sucking us down trying to hold that water back down into the ground. In the east, given the geology they have to put it under such pressure and I think is creating a lot of concerns around the reinjection of water in the Marcellus area because it is just a different geology and that puts more pressure may be going into the water treatment side. So we look at that as a business opportunity. Obviously if we do it, we're going do it as good and say for an appropriate a way as possible.  
Jeff Sterba: I think this is one of these markets that's got so many different conductions vectors if we go, it's hard to say. I mean they could be very large. One of the things that you got to remember is that these wells, these are not long live wells. You go into the west and you'll be able to see a lot of wells it will produce for 10-15 years and then you put a pump around it. These wells are shorter rides and so in order to keep the gap flowing, they've got to keep drilling. But I think both is, obviously that industry is very focused on how do we reduce the amount of water that we need to frac each well and that's about 5 million gallons. So they are going to figure out how can they reduce the amount of water, that will reduce of amount of flow back and what's going to be the drilling. If you look in Pennsylvania, you’ve seen about roughly 25% reduction in drilling routes operating just this year. Now I've started to stabilize and maybe it will come back a little bit as natural gas prices have turned up, but frankly there's been a significant downturn. One of the things about our approach into this business is we're fundamentally leveraging our infrastructure by which we serve retail customers throughout Pennsylvania and what we're finding is a lot of extensions that we make, we will serve some drillers, this Rex pipeline is a classic example, but it really opens up the path for expansion of our territory and to serve new residential customers and our regulators are comfortable with this approach. From a business perspective, one of the things that means is we take on less risk, because we don't really have commodity or volume metric risk and we are going to recover those costs over a reasonable period of time, but yes, there may be other situations that will appropriately be done on the other side where you have a dedicated line that will one serve one instead of customers. I think that model is what will hold true if the flow back water treatment market develops because those treatment facilities have to be different just because of some of the compounds and the level TDS that you're having delivered. 
Jeff Sterba: And that Jonathan obviously is because your net income is growing, that increases our retained earnings and so we have the ability to issue some debt to maintain the same gas structure.  
Jeff Sterba: No what it really does is it may keep us a little more in the middle or upper part of that because remember for example this year, our total CapEx will be over 900 million largely because of ET. So in fact it may help to keep us up in that range and that 140 is over two years. So to it's kind of roughly (inaudible) if you look at it that way. 
Jeff Sterba: That's exactly right Jonathan. Where the opportunities provide, we've got scarce capital, we're allocated, we're as encouraged to be invested. 
Jeff Sterba: Well I guess two things, when we announced in May, we narrowed that to really 50 to 60%. We talked about the comfort that we have relative to the growth and we said that we would expect the dividend to grow more in line with the growth rate in our earnings per share. So you would expect to see it grow in that kind of a range. We're at the low end certainly with what we're now projecting for this year, we're in the low end but if earnings are growing at a more rapid rate, we're going to category more in line with what that earnings per share is. 
Jeff Sterba: Tim in terms of regional water development or people going oh, my god, we've got created more supply, I think it's cause people to think, if you also believe that weather patterns will become more volatile and droughts and precipitation will become more extreme, it does cause you to have to think about water supplies different. For us, one of the key to elements is to start really thinking about one water as opposed to these different streams of portable water, waste water and storm water. But think of it a lot more holistically so you can get the right resource to the right use and that's where we think, reuse will become more than a tickling fancy in some constrained areas. It will become more mainline, main stream if you will. I wouldn’t say that we are seeing a major awakening or aha aha. But I do believe that you are seeing people going oh gee!. This could get serious. And I think that helps for a focal point on both the infrastructure as well as the opportunity to advance technologies like reuse. And I think the other push is raising more opportunities, questions, doors but we'll wait to see what it really translates into, is the realization by municipalities that Uncle Sam is not going to bail them out of dire capital requirements or pension obligations that are taking away from their ability and investing in infrastructure and things like that. So I think there is a lot of churn which I will not jump to the conclusion is result space yet. 
Jeff Sterba: Well I'll just thank you very much for joining us today. Stay cool, stay safe and we'll look forward to talking with you in our third quarter. 
Ellen Wolf: The way I would look at it, it is a couple of things, our NOL carry forward has probably another 10 years give or take so you look at it in terms of the ability to get the benefit from the NOL that’s another 10 years. Our DRIP is only providing a small amount, we would love to see it increase and encourage all to utilize it but it's just a little bit happening in the equity but really to look at it over the long term is to look at as once we have and continue to grow net income the way we are growing and to continue their old paths the way we are going, we really don’t see a need to do an equity offering.
Ellen Wolf: Generally when we file for rate cases we use what I call off months, the more normal months, November through let say March to shadow the trend in usage and generally what we have also found because some years if you remember about three years ago we saw the exact opposite impact where usage was way down because of weather and this year we see it's up because of weather. So I think both the regulatory side and our side tries to take the impact out.
Ellen Wolf: if I can also add one thing from a customer perspective, being able to add the cost on to their water bill we find the customers are much more satisfied with that than having to get a separate bill, separate distinct. So we get higher customer satisfaction. 
Ellen Wolf: We are seeing a reduction in our uncollectable. We will see what happens in the third quarter. They are some very large builds that will be going out, larger builds; I wouldn’t say large, versus the utilities but larger builds. But we are seeing better on the collections and I give credit to many of those in operations and our customers' response. 
Ellen Wolf: And one other thing to add because of the lack of branding we have had lower liquidity in our water so that we did not have to do quite as much treatment as you would expect.  
Ellen Wolf: The way I would look at it Brian is in terms of again, what would drive our need to equity and as we said and have had the benefit in the past, the higher your net income the more, the less you need equity, the stronger your cash flow, the less we need equity and again, I would add with those NOLs that we're able to cash forward, give us more cash. So, what we're saying is right now we don't see a need if only those things continue and we continue to see the balance sheet strengthen. We don't see need to enforce where the equity are.  
Ellen Wolf: We're talking about naturally growing into our environment on equity and I should also add one other point on this is, it does assume as we're talking about this, the continuation of 800 to $1 billion of investment in our infrastructure. 
Ellen Wolf: Yes, as long as the cash flow continues to grow, the answer will be yes to that with some debt. So there will be some debt. 
Ellen Wolf: And as we said in the past Jonathan we'll always continue to have that balance between what's right for the shareholder and the cash flow needs of the company. 
