Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's a great question. It's obviously something we're going to continue to analyze very closely as we continue to work on our plan update for the fall. But as we said in prepared remarks, the need is not going away. The state of infrastructure and the need for continued focus on improvements and resiliency is not declining in any way, so we know we have investments that need to made in Pennsylvania. We will need to look, though, at how we -- how and how much capital we allocate to the state of Pennsylvania relative to our other states, given this low ROE result in Pennsylvania. It is a real balance of shareholder expectations and the allocation of capital that we really need to think through. Again, we're not going to compromise service. We're not going to compromise safety in any way, but as we think about the pace at which we are making investments, we do have to take into account the return opportunity provided to investors. So I think it's just a question, Durgesh, we're going to have to continue to evaluate a bit, and we'll have more to say about that as we get into sort of our fall planning and updates that we'll provide later in the fall. In total, we don't expect our capital plans to change at all. We again know that the need exists across our entire territory and to the extent we shift dollars from one state to the other should not impact our total expectations.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, again, I think there's so many opportunities in all of our states really from a acquisition growth perspective and we know we've got a great pipeline in Pennsylvania, a lot of good opportunities there and our team continues to work very, very hard to identify those opportunities and move them all along. And we're not going to slow that pace at all. I think if there's a pace issue at all in Pennsylvania, it will really be around just the environment-related to fair market value and the commission's process they put in place to review acquisitions, which we think, by the way, is very positive. We think the approach the commission has taken there to really put some guidelines around looking at acquisitions and benefits being provided to customers we think will be helpful. But it's still a difficult environment to get those transactions across the finish line. So again, our view is we don't change anything about what we're doing. We'll see how the process works with all the parties involved in those types of proceedings and how the commission handles all of that through the approval process.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, as I said, Paul, just a minute ago, I think in response to Rich's question, it really doesn't change our behavior. We've got a very dynamic and robust process in Pennsylvania to identify opportunities. We've got a great team there that's very focused on identifying opportunities and we will continue that. We think that the guidance that the Commission has laid out to analyze these transactions going forward is very helpful. But as I said, it's an environment where multiple parties have opinions relative to these transactions. And so we'll have to see how that continues to play out before the Commission. Again, we think the guidelines are helpful and our part doesn't change in terms of our interest in growing through acquisition in the state of Pennsylvania.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Angie, I think it's, again, sort of a good question. First I would just remind folks, and I don't know, back in the back of our deck, we've got detail around rate base on the various jurisdictions. Of course, it changes quickly because we are so active in the regulatory environment, but I think you will see the gap closing from Pennsylvania to some of our other larger states pretty quickly in terms of rate base. We have been making significant investments all across our territory. So while Pennsylvania is large, we have many other states that are gaining ground in terms of size of investment. I think the other answer to your question, though, we addressed in prepared remarks that across our 14 states, we have a lot of opportunity to continue to invest. This need is the same across the country. The need for investment in infrastructure and replacement and resiliency, which I think doesn't get enough of a play. The resiliency issue is a huge one as we see climate changing in different ways in different parts of the country. So we need to continue to focus on our resiliency investment. We have a ton of opportunity across all of our states to deploy capital. So as I said, I think in response to the first question, we don't envision any change in our total capital spending. Where we spend it, we will continue to look at.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think that's really it. It's in the court and we're waiting. I don't know that we have a whole lot more to add in terms of timing, mostly because we don't have any idea. I think the court will act when it's prepared to do so. And we are really just at this point waiting on the court's decision.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, not really. We've looked at that, but we don't really see any definitive pattern here that would give us the ability to kind of predict timing.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's the bulk of it. There is a little bit of an impact from just the delayed closing on the BASA acquisition too since we have not financed that essentially. So there's a little bit of contribution there too.
Susan Hardwick: Well, we've been sort of waiting on the closing of that for a while. So we probably didn't have fully baked in our expectations around that earlier in the year.
Susan Hardwick: I would say in a word, no. We raised our guidance by narrowing the range to the upper half, and we obviously were taking into account this decision on Pennsylvania. So, no impact, and we reaffirmed our long-term targets.
John Griffith: Rich, not lumpiness. So we maintain our 7% to 9% long-term growth. We've been asked a question in the past off of what base year? We don't pick a base year. As you know, we came out of a transition in 2021 selling HOS, selling New York. That was '21 to '22, '22 to '23, we were inside of the 7% to 9%. We expect to be this year. And we frankly think our goal is that it shouldn't matter a lot what year somebody picks. We do, as everyone is aware, have the note coming due in 2026, but that's an event that we've been planning for and we will continue to plan for. So we are not -- so we expect to remain in the 7% to 9% range.
John Griffith: If you think about kind of a midpoint to midpoint change, Paul, we're talking about a few cents here. So I think you've -- I think Susan got it right.
John Griffith: Yes, Jonathan, we're still moving forward with the approval process on [indiscernible] in terms of going to the PUC. So there's no additional update on that.
John Griffith: Sure. Jonathan, I think you said it right. We are seeing on the demand side a little bit lower or not as much customer usage decline as we expected to see. And that's a significant driver for the change here.
John Griffith: No, that's not an ongoing MSG issue. That's just a collection of smaller modest puts and takes that are one-offs.
