Susan N. Story: Thanks, Linda. As we discussed last quarter, we will conclude each of our earnings call by highlighting initiatives or recent news that may be outside of what we would typically cover in an earnings call. This quarter, we're going to highlight American Water's addition to the Dow Jones Utility Average. We are very proud to be added to this index. The utility average is a 15-member index that represents the stock performance of large, well-known U.S. companies within the utilities sector. During its 78-year existence, there have only been 3 major reorganizations in the index, and only 40 companies have been part of that average since it was introduced in 1929. Additionally, we are the only water utility to ever be part of the index; and interestingly, we've been a member twice. When it was started in 1929, the original members of the Dow Jones Utilities Average included our predecessor company, American Water Works & Electric Company. In 1947, under the newly implemented Public Utility Holding Company Act, 6 holding companies, including our predecessor, were dissolved and removed from the utility average. Now 67 years later, we're back; and of course, we're better than ever. Being included in the utility average is a tremendous honor for American Water and the entire water and wastewater industry for several reasons. First, having the index recognize the critical role the water industry played in the utilities space and the economy is important. The legacy of our country's prosperity is rooted in infrastructure investments, and water and wastewater represent vital infrastructure necessary not just for the economy growth, but for quality of life. Second, water is critically needed for electricity and energy production and for the growing of food. The EPA's November 2013 report on the importance of water to the U.S. economy notes that 94% of our economy is linked to this water-energy-food nexus. And finally, being included in the utility average is a testament to our ability at American Water to deliver on our investment and operating strategies and provide dependable value to our customers and our shareholders. This achievement is a direct reflection of the dedication and expertise of our employees who are committed to the customers and communities that we serve every single day. In my 6 months as CEO, I've had the pleasure of visiting the majority of our work locations. And I've met with the incredible people of American Water, who every day deliver safe, affordable and reliable water services to our customers. These are the same people who dedicated more than 4,700 charitable service hours to the communities that we serve just during September in our dedicated month of service. Our employees are very inspiring to me for these reasons and more, and I appreciate the privilege of being part of their team. So now we're happy to take any questions you might have.
Susan N. Story: And Ryan, as Linda mentioned, just as the electrics do also, we put a range for guidance because while we look at budgets and everything weather normalized, we understand that there are going to be variabilities. We disclosed at Investor Day last year a set of those variabilities, and for us, just like the electrics, the largest potential variable is weather. In a typical year, we account for some of that variability in our range unless there is extreme weather. And for example, back in 2012, the positive uplift was between $0.13 and $0.16 for American Water. That's a little beyond what you would have as normal variability. So when we look at weather, you don't want to start having a lot of guidance ranges that are weather-affected and this type of things. So we just try to keep it as clean as we can.
Susan N. Story: And Mike, as you know, and you've heard us say over and over, in our capital program we will invest what we need in every state to meet our customer needs. We will make sure that our water is safe and clean and reliable. So you also know that we do have some discretion. After we have committed those funds, we have discretion with other funds. And as Linda and Walter both said, we look at a variety of factors, including ROE, and as Walter said, too, where you have mechanisms where you can get the return in a more productive and reduced regulatory lag. So all those factors come into play, but we look at our capital very carefully. We make sure that every single state has what they need to deliver services to customers. Then that which is discretionary, we'll look at these other factors.
Susan N. Story: Rich, I am so glad you asked that question. So the answer is yes, and I will tell you that we actually have some information on our website, and we'll be happy to send it to you. We're actually pioneering a lot of work on the smart water grid. We have our own R&D group, and we have an innovation development process. So what we're looking at on the Smart Grid, we're 85% AMR and AMI right now on the American Water system. We also are doing a lot of research on water sensors near meters that can monitor flow and pressures, and we're working with an Israeli company to look at how to look at dynamic flow monitoring, so that we can reduce pressure at night at times of low demand, which will also reduce leaks. So we're actually looking at the whole system from the customer meters to the pipes, smart sensors on the pipe, looking at flows and valves and finding ways that we can do more predictability, more predictive maintenance that reduces cost as well as provide more information to our customers. And the water industry, as you know, is behind the electricity industry on this mainly because of the cost. Water bills aren't as expensive as electricity, and so -- and you also have a very fragmented industry. So you don't have a lot of entities like American Water with the size, scope and scale to actually embark, partner on a lot of these research opportunities. We're very excited about it, and I would tell you that the efficiency we're looking for going forward are much more heavily weighted, as you mentioned, to technology and automation and better ways to do the business.
Susan N. Story: When you look at AWE, Jonathan, it's about 10% of our revenues and even less of operating income. Terratec is even really, really, a really small part of AWE.
Susan N. Story: No, Jonathan, because remember, we built in some variability to our range. So we -- and this is interesting from weather normal, it's always an art, not a science, right? So what happens is when we do our range, part of having a range for us is including some weather variability. So -- and we showed last year at the Investor Day that weather could be plus or minus $0.07, so we build in variability to the weather. So the range that we're guiding to now is what we would have, again, nonweather normalized, just assuming that you have some variability built in, and most companies do that.
Susan N. Story: And also to clarify, because some people report it differently, when we say 19,0000 customers, that's actually customer connections. Those are meters, not the number of people, so -- and also interestingly, of those 19,000, 13,500 are wastewater. Very consistent with our target of going after wastewater. And in Arnold, Missouri, we already serve water to those residents.
Susan N. Story: Well, predicting the Department of Defense and the Federal Government is an art that we have not perfected yet. We do have outstanding RFP that we -- that actually go back all the way to 2010. And understanding who is going to award when is something we continually monitor, and it depends on the service and it depends on the base quite honestly. A lot of times it depends on the situation they've got with infrastructure. We do have outstanding RFP. We are hearing that the Air Force may also have additional ones that they bid out. So again, it's hard to predict. But let me go back to something else. There's 3 ways that we make money in military. Awarding new awards is something that because it's so difficult to predict, that we work hard on the other 2, which is our O&M contracts. But also, once we have a base, they engage us to look at what the infrastructure needs are on that base. And each year within their budget, we bring down potential projects; and they choose from those projects, which also increases the amount of work we do on bases. So we don't just wait for a big award and say, "Great, it was success." For us, success are all 3 components.
Susan N. Story: And Spencer, what was even more exciting, we didn't just win the ballot initiatives; we were 2 to 1 or greater on all of them in favor of, and that's what we were very proud of.
Susan N. Story: And that's why, Shivangi, we started looking at a 5-year capital plan. Prior to 2014, we reported capital year-to-year. We know that by separately disclosing last year's strategic and regulated acquisition capital apart from regulated investment capital that there would be some years that because of delays in being able to close on a deal, for example, if you have to have a referendum, et cetera. So what we saw is, just as Linda said, that you're going to have some timing issues. So that's we disclosed now our 5-year capital plan.
Susan N. Story: Thank you so much. I appreciate all of you on the call. I know that we typically are at the tail end of a very long quarterly earnings call season, and that you all are very tired, and we appreciate the time and effort. I just want to close with just a couple of sentences. And I just have to tell you, and Walter mentioned it and so did Linda, we had a really good financial quarter. We are poised for long-term growth and healthy -- and a healthy company, and it's is because of the employees we've got. I cannot tell you enough, going around looking at expertise; but as Walter said, the passion that our employees have for our customers and for growth and finding ways not just to grow the numbers for financials but to bring new customers in on our system so that they can enjoy the benefit that our current customers do. So it's a great time to be in the water business. We look forward to a great year end, and we hope that everything goes well for you all. And if Jonathan Reeder is still on this call, I just want to tell you War Eagle. See you all next quarter.
Linda G. Sullivan: Ryan, this is Linda, and this is a step in the right direction we believe for New Jersey. When -- this decision will impact us when we file our next rate case in New Jersey, that is when it would become effective for us. And as you know, we filed our last rate case in New Jersey in 2011, and that rate case was a black box settlement, so we cannot disclose the financial impact of this. But when we look at the timing of our rate case and the flexibility that we have in terms of timing around our infrastructure mechanisms in New Jersey, we take all of those things into consideration to help determine when we will file that next rate case and be able to implement this new change.
Linda G. Sullivan: So what we do from an earnings guidance perspective is we'll give you weather normalized earnings guidance for 2015, which, as we indicated earlier, will occur on December 15.
Linda G. Sullivan: Our payout ratio is currently at 2.5%, and the way that we look at -- I'm sorry. Let me correct that. Our payout ratio is just over 50%. We have a target range for our payout ratio of 50% to 60%, and we plan to -- our goal is to grow our dividend commensurate with our EPS growth.
Linda G. Sullivan: When we look at the prioritization of our capital, ROE is one of the key items that we look at in the prioritization of capital, in addition to what are the needs for the investment in the state. And so that is a factor that we will look at as we move forward and file a rate case in New Jersey. So all of those factors come into play when we look at the capital prioritization. This is something that is moving in the right direction. So although externally we have seen lower ROEs being authorized in New Jersey, we see that this will offset those lower ROEs moving forward.
Linda G. Sullivan: So let me start with just an overview of the progress that we've made. So we've made significant progress on the metrics, and we continue to make progress. Now as we move through time, the progress will tighten a little bit. As we work through and we file additional rate cases, our revenue will be trued up as we've returned these savings that we have recognized back to our customers. And so the improvement will begin to tighten as we get closer to the 35% target for 2018. And we will continue to look at are there other ways that we can continue to improve the metric? Are there technologies that we can deploy or other operational efficiencies that we can drive in the business? Because really, this is about how do we operate the business from an overall perspective. We know we have more infrastructure investment to make. As we continue to make that affordable for our customers, we need to make sure that we're managing every dollar on the operating efficiency side.
Linda G. Sullivan: So there's a couple of questions there, let me -- for the second quarter, what we have included, the loss on sale is $3.8 million, and the remainder of that is associated with the loss from operations, both the second quarter as well as the year-to-date. Included in that loss is a book write-off of taxes of $1.5 million, which, as I mentioned earlier, we were due to the structure of this transaction to monetize about $4 million in tax benefits that we otherwise wouldn't be able to monetize. In terms of the guidance and going forward, in our earnings guidance for 2014, we had a very small loss included in our guidance for Terratec. So it doesn't have a real material impact either this year or going forward.
Linda G. Sullivan: So in our earnings guidance for 2014, we had a very small loss from the operations of Terratec included in that guidance. We did not project the loss on the sale in that guidance, and so it really rounded out from -- in the beginning of the year when we set forth our guidance.
Linda G. Sullivan: Making progress on the 7.5%. And remember, Jonathan, we had 2 infrastructure increases this year, a 10.1% in January and then the recent one at 7.4%.
Linda G. Sullivan: And remember, these were approved through the referendum, but we have not yet closed on those transactions.
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes, this is Linda, let me answer that. The CapEx for the third quarter was what we expected. That was related to the regulated investments. What we are seeing this year is lower than planned investment on the acquisition side. And so that has enabled us to deploy more capital in certain areas on the regulated side, and that's really a timing issue associated when we deploy the capital. So yes, we're still on plan for $1 billion, and we -- as a result of the timing issues associated with the acquisition, we have been able to deploy more capital on the regulated side.
Linda G. Sullivan: Absolutely, there's actually quite a bit of noise that's included in these numbers because we implemented our customer information system last year in 2 waves. And so the third quarter of 2013 includes a time period in the first wave of the implementation to where we were looking at our bill in more detail to make sure that they were appropriate before we sent them out. And so in the industrial class mainly, we have lower bill water sales volume because we were holding those bills, and so there are some timing issues there as well. If we were to kind of normalize that, we would expect our industrial usage to be more in line with what we have seen historically.
Walter J. Lynch: And Mike, this is Walter. Given the DSIC program that was approved a few years ago, as you know, we've invested a lot more in New Jersey than we have in prior years. So it does -- it is one of our top states, and we'll continue to do so because of the DSIC mechanism and the needed investment that we have to make in New Jersey.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, right now, Michael, we're still okay with water supply; but again, we've asked for voluntary conversation of all of our districts. We've put mandatory conservation in one of the districts. We're obviously participating as a partner in the state to reduce water usage, and we'll continue to monitor.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, the revenue cap is 7.5%, and we continue to investment within that cap, and we'll be able to do so.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, and back -- and to the customers, as Susan said, and we talked about, we're going to be adding 19,000 customers. But the rate base varies obviously and tied back to our acquisition the price there, but anywhere from $20 million to $25 million per.
Walter J. Lynch: And back to Haddonfield, what I meant by that was $28 million was our purchase price for Haddonfield for those 9,000 customers: 4,500 water, 4,500 wastewater.
Walter J. Lynch: That's right. We've got to get Board of Public Utility approval on that. And again, as I said, that'll take about 6 to 8 months. Typically -- that's typical, and you're looking at mid-2015 before we get that approval.
Walter J. Lynch: And Jonathan, one thing, one correction. On the DSIC in New Jersey, the cap is 5% of revenues, not 7.5%. I want to correct that for the record here.
Walter J. Lynch: No, I'd like to -- we're batting a 1,000, 3 for 3. Really, I think the recipe for success here was make sure that our employees and the community leaders were hand in hand, talking about the value that American Water can provide to the communities. That's really what I think was driver of success in all 3 of those.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, I'll tell you in Haddonfield, New Jersey, we surround the system, so we have a big presence in this area. So the brand is very -- is out there and -- that's right. And also, in Arnold, we bought the wastewater system, but we have the water customers. So our brand has been out there, and I think that's helped us. But the key to this has been our passionate employees going door-to-door and talking about, again, the value that American Water can bring to the community.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, and one more point on the Arnold acquisition. The total purchase price is $13 million, and that's got to be trued up as we work through the approval process. We're buying the collection system, not the treatment plant, and that's why is a little bit on the low end as far as the total purchase price for the number of customers. I just want to provide that clarification to everyone.
