John Griffith: I would just add that as we think about how we're delineating the equity, as we said in our prepared remarks, we'll issue or we expect to issue a significant portion of the equity in 2023. As we think about the consequences of that, based on how we trade, I would characterize that the dilution associated with that is relatively modest. And then as also we pointed out in our remarks, whatever we don't issue in 2023, we would expect to issue in the back end of our plan.
John Griffith: Yes, Angie, I would say, I'm glad you asked the question because our answer is No. We haven't really seen a fundamental change in the landscape for making acquisitions. So there's certainly been some noise out there around particular deals. But really nothing has changed. There's a huge number of systems out there, many of which are underinvested and are ripe for potential acquisition. And when we think about the footprint that we have and the focus that we have, we continue to very much like our relative position there and regulated acquisitions will continue to be a key focus area for us.
John Griffith: Sure, Shar. I'd say the smaller proportionality is really just a function of the increase in the regulated -- our organic CapEx, I'd say the -- which has more visibility attached to it, as you know, than regulated acquisitions. So in no way are we kind of decreasing our thoughts around putting dollars to work on regulated acquisitions and we continue to feel very good about that.
John Griffith: Durgesh, we're on track. I think we've closed about 65,000 customers to date with another kind of 5,000 or so customers to come. I would say that on a dollars basis, as we disclosed in our slides, our expected closings for the year will be in the neighborhood of $350 million, which -- and as you know, we target about $300 million to $400 million a year. We've said over 5 years, we're $1.5 billion to $2 billion on a run rate basis.
John Griffith: No, Durgesh, I wouldn't say we think of in terms of specific price ranges. Obviously, we'll be very cognizant of market conditions. But I'd say we just -- we think of it more in terms of what we've messaged in the past, which is the equity from a mid-plan perspective. And as we approach 2023 here, that is mid plan relative to our historical messaging.
John Griffith: Sure. Yes, I think, Steve, that's a fair way to characterize '23 for modeling purposes. I'd say, I think the words we used, a significant portion of our equity, I think you can think of that as is north of $1 billion of issuance in '23. And as you know, we'll have to kind of find the right windows. But I think midyear is a reasonable way to think about it.
John Griffith: Sure. Yes, I'd say, Steve, just as we've thought about our metrics over time, we're in a very strong credit position, but we do look at our ramping up of capital spend, both on the organic side as well as on the acquisition side. And so we just think it's healthy for us to have some cushion there. I would say just also, as we're thinking about the cadence of our equity issuance, where we'll do much of it in 2023, but then waiting until the back end of our plan for another issuance as we thought about it. That's just a natural consequence of creating some cushion for ourselves.
John Griffith: And Gregg, I'd just add to that, a significant portion is just the roll forward. So if you think about what's rolling off in 2022 versus what's being added in 2027, there's a pretty -- because of the ramp-up in CapEx through those years, that differential is reasonably significant. And then in the interim years because of our ramp, we're recovering additional depreciation -- deferred tax contribution to cash flows. But a lot of it is the roll forward by itself.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's a good question, Angie. But I think Cheryl hit on it and you did even in your remark there, we just don't view it as our core competency. There are folks that are sort of in that business, and we believe we have the opportunity to work closely with them to develop solutions and take advantage of those renewable sources that are out there without owning them. We've got enough to do. And you even acknowledge, it's not really a growth driver. We've got plenty to do on just our investment side to continue the growth. So we don't need it from that standpoint.  Your observation around tax, I think, is also a good one. But I would tell you, we think we have the right strategy here to finance this plan and manage all the elements of the requirements in that plan with what we've laid out here. So while we're always interested in and spend quite a bit of time on tax planning and tax strategy, it just does not -- it just doesn't fit our profile.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. And I just would add to that simply that we work very hard in cultivating these opportunities to make sure we're developing the right solution for these communities, and I think that's a big advantage for us.
Susan Hardwick: Well, the first part of your statement is correct. Yes. The gain on the HOS transaction sort of advanced us to being a cash taxpayer. Still evaluating what the IRA means and the alternative minimum tax and financial income greater than $1 billion. There's still lots to be sorted out in terms of what that final rules are and the final interpretation of those. So we're monitoring it closely. We've obviously modeled a variety of scenarios around it. And I would just say, in all those scenarios, this plan adequately covers any exposure we think we might have there.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. And I don't think we highlighted it really much on this call. But our pipeline remains in excess of 1.3 million connection opportunity. So still very, very strong. There are lots of good work in that area.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think it's a good question, and I'll just repeat what I've said several times now. And I do think you can tie it back to the HOS sale. Recall our discussion about a year ago that when we sold that business and this transition to sort of full utility, the opportunity created by that sale would result in a ramp-up of the spend. So it takes us a while to get that spend fully deployed and get it fully in rates.  So I'd say in the near term, like you see a little bit in '22 and our guidance for '23, which we think is quite strong, there is obviously a ramp-up still reflected there. And we've got the proceeds that will come in from the note on the HOS sale at the end of '26. So again, you think about that sort of working its way into the plan. I'd just say what we've laid out in '22 and '23 is reflective of that ramp-up. Our view continues to be this long-term growth rate of 7 to 9, we see that extending well into the future. And we just got to get through this sort of ramp-up period, and you'll see that growth rate continue.
Susan Hardwick: No, that's right. And I'd say that we're not expecting to issue in 2022 into. But obviously, as Susan said, everything is subject to market conditions.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. It's a good question. Obviously, we get this question a lot. And I'm confident my answer will frustrate you. Our view is that it's a long-term growth rate. We would expect that 7% to 9% to be the guidance regardless of the period that you're looking at. Internally, we actually don't really use a base year to do the math off of. Our view is it's a long-term growth rate. I know in the past, we have used sort of prior year actual or your latest actual information to base off of. But again, our view would be it doesn't really matter. The long-term growth rate is really the driver.
Susan Hardwick: Well, Julien, as I said to into, we don't really look at it that way. Our view is a long-term growth rate of 7% to 9% is the answer. So our view is you can start within a year you want, and you're going to get the same result.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think John's comment about the impact of dilution is really the right one. Our view is that the dilution is pretty minimal from the issue that we're anticipating in '23. I think the real driver is the ramp-up of the CapEx. I mean we're just putting these dollars all to work. We've got the proceeds coming in again from HOS in '26. I think as we continue to see that ramp up work its way through the plan, you'll start to see towards the back end of the plan, more consistent growth rates.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I mean, obviously, we're a full cash taxpayer now. So this 5-year plan reflects that. The comment earlier around what does IRA mean to us in terms of the alternative minimum tax, I mean, again, there's still many rules and definition still to be done around that, that I don't think any of us know exactly how it will work. But I would just reiterate what I said a minute ago, we've modeled a variety of scenarios, all of which fit in this plan that we've laid out here.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. And as John said in the prepared remarks, obviously, we'll measure at the end of the year and determine what our actual '23 expense is once we get to the end of the year. But how we've handled this from a regulatory perspective is for the most part, what we have gotten accomplished here is whatever the '23 expense ends up being, that's what will get reflected in rates. So we've left it a little bit open-ended in that regulatory arena, where we'll actually set it at the number once we know what the number is. And in other situations, we've estimated what we think the impact will be based on year-to-date performance and expected performance for the balance of the year.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think what we have accomplished so far in the regulatory arena, obviously, will be in rates until we adjust rates again. And I think we'll have continued opportunity in the regulatory arena to address these cost impacts in other jurisdictions. And again, in some cases, the ability to adjust for what the actual costs are in existing cases, or in existing jurisdictions. It just depends on how we address it in each specific state. I think, again, the overall conclusion here is we've got the vast majority of these costs covered and should not really be a drag on our expectations going forward.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's -- that's probably the right way to think about it. We're continuing in the jurisdictions of our states that don't have those agreements in place. We're continuing to evaluate those opportunities and working very closely with now the HOS ownership or leadership to see if opportunities exist. So it's a very active part of our business plan.
Susan Hardwick: I would only add that -- let me just add quickly, Steve. I think that -- and John said this, market conditions, of course, will drive this. But we are still looking at how best to do it. You've heard us talk in the past about it's likely going to be in sort of a single issue or a block, but we do need to evaluate all the options available to us. So that's still in the works.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Steve, I'd simply add to that. I think that we talked a lot about payout ratio on the dividend. And obviously, we narrowed the dividend range a little bit here. We just feel the need to continue to really push ourselves on the ability to advance this capital spending. As Cheryl talked about the replacement cycle, we just don't want to find ourselves in a situation where we have to put some constraints on that on the investment side. So I think if we can create a little capacity here, it just helps us have that level of certainty around our ability to continue to accelerate. And these market conditions obviously are quite volatile, and it just doesn't hurt in this environment to have a little bit of extra cushion there. So I think that's really honestly the driver.
Susan Hardwick: It really is the growth of the business, Gregg. Again, we just -- we feel very good about how we're -- how the investment is being rolled out, cash flows from operations and the ability to get good, solid, timely regulatory solutions.
