Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Susan. Let me cover 2 more items before taking any of your questions. First, we plan to talk with you in February as we wrap up 2020 to discuss our 2021 earnings guidance and our long-term plan, including discussion on our ESG goals. In anticipation of that, you can expect that our plan of focusing on growth from infrastructure investment will continue. Additionally, we'll be meeting with many of you at the Virtual EEI Financial Conference next week. We look forward to talking with you all then.  Second, as you all know, Veterans Day is next week. I'd like to take a moment to thank all the men and women who served and protected our country. As you may know, I graduated from West Point, was honored to serve as an army officer for more than 5 years. I'm proud to be a veteran and equally proud that American Water is a culture that reflects the support of our military. This year, we've been recognized by 2 veterans publications, U.S. Veterans Magazine and Military Times, receiving the honor as a top veteran-friendly company for having a top supplier diversity program and being among the top 100 Best for Vets Employers. And most recently, American Water received the highest recognition given by the U.S. government to employers, 2020 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, for exemplary support of National Guard and Reserve employees. We're extremely proud of this recognition, and we'll continue to work with and support those who serve our country.  With that, we're happy to take your questions. 
Walter Lynch: Well, let me take that, and Susan can jump in. But we don't break out the earnings from Military Services, we just do it on a segment basis for a number of reasons, but we just don't do that. But I can also talk to -- we're in 4 different solicitations right now, and we expect to hear back on 2 in the near term. So just a reminder, we won the last 3 major awards from the military, and we're really proud to be able to support the military and their families. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. As I said in the remarks, Ryan, we still expect to close this in early 2021, and so we're working on an established time line. We're still confident that we can get there. Even as the governor has talked about proposed legislation, we don't think that would slow this down. 
Walter Lynch: Yes, it's a great question. And we're in many conversations with municipalities around the country. One of the reasons is the COVID impact, but still a lot of challenges around water and wastewater infrastructure, and we're a solutions provider. So we're going to continue to talk to municipalities about providing solutions. Our pipeline continues to grow, and we continue to talk to new municipalities. So we'll see where that takes us. Typically, it takes 2 to 5 years to complete these deals, so there is a delay from the time you start talking to them to the time you take ownership, but we're very confident in our ability to provide solutions for our communities. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me start with the second question first. The acquisition adjustment will be dealt with separately. And the order -- there was an executive order that came out that said 90 days after the emergency orders lifted is when they have to render decision So we don't have an exact time on it yet, but we're expecting that after the executive -- after the emergency orders lifted. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. No, it's Indiana. There is an appraisal process, yes, for the nonmunicipal utilities and really around establishing fair market value and a reasonable purchase price. So yes, Indiana has been a leading state in legislation because they recognize, I think, the importance of what we can do as a company in addressing the water and wastewater challenges. So we're really proud to be working with Indiana legislature and coming up with bills that really affords us the opportunity to do that. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thank you for joining our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment of our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team, they'll be happy to answer any questions you have. So again, thanks, again, and be safe, everyone. 
M. Hardwick: Yes. This is Susan. We have not changed our timing, and really, the timing that we have laid out in the plan -- and you're right, we had indicated in December, when we rolled out this current plan, that we had anticipated an issue somewhere in the middle of that 5-year period. That is still our current thinking. And it's really tied to when we need the proceeds, when we need some additional funding for the capital plan that we have laid out. As you recall, from December, we increased our capital expectation for the 5-year period and then obviously, rolled out our 10-year plan. And the equity issue we have in the current plan really supports the timing of when we think the investment occurs and when we really need the funding. And I just don't see any need to change that at this point. 
M. Hardwick: Yes. Our guidance overall, as we indicated, we've changed guidance this quarter, increased it. And included in that guidance range is an assumption of $0.03 to $0.06 unfavorable for the year, and that really, I think, reflects our current trends. We saw a fairly substantial impact through the second quarter, and it's recovered some in the third as we saw the commercial business -- the commercial sector come back a bit, and the residential sector, again, continues to be pretty strong growth there. I think the challenge, of course, is to try to estimate how long this thing lasts and what the sort of new surge of cases may, in fact, do to businesses across our service territory, do they go into some additional phase of shutdown. So again, we've tried to capture some assumptions around that in our guidance range of the $0.03 to $0.06 unfavorable. Just difficult to predict, obviously, as we see this thing continue to unfold. And it is included in that guidance range that we established. I mentioned on the regulatory front, we now have deferral orders in 11 of the 14 jurisdictions, and that really does cover exposures to bad debt expense increases, direct costs associated with the pandemic, et cetera. So really, the impact that falls through, if you will, is just the demand revenue changes that we might see across the service territory. Everything else, the direct costs or direct impacts are captured in those deferral orders. 
M. Hardwick: It's disclosed in the Q. I think if you go to that footnote in the Q where we talk about COVID specifically, we've laid out the reg assets recorded, net of some reg liabilities. I don't have the number right in front of me, but it's laid out in the Q for you. 
M. Hardwick: Let me just quickly tag on to the question there. We do have a net regulatory asset of $26 million recorded at the end of September related to COVID. 
M. Hardwick: Jonathan, let me make sure I follow the question and maybe correct one thing. I think, at midpoint, we're up $0.06. We were roughly at $3.84 midpoint before, we're now at $3.90. And that really just was driven by the weather implications. That's the big driver of the of the change in midpoint, I would say. I think, we obviously did narrow the range a bit as we, again, have continued to see a little bit more recovery from the COVID costs than we had anticipated when we were discussing this with you at the second quarter. I recall then, our range was $0.05 to $0.08 unfavorable. We're now $0.03 to $0.06 is our current best guess at that. Obviously, the business continues to perform fundamentally very, very well. We've not seen any real slowdown in our investment opportunities. So the underlying business is performing very well. 
M. Hardwick: No, really no drivers of that nature. I mean, again, I think we're continuing to understand the impacts of COVID from a short-term and a long-term perspective. But as I said, the underlying business continues to perform quite well. There is always a number of gives and takes in any particular year, but we've not seen anything that's fundamentally changing our expectations about the ability for the business to perform. 
M. Hardwick: We're still looking at that, Jonathan. And I think you'll just have to wait till February, when we come out and give you sort of the full plan. I think, as Walter indicated in his remarks, though, you can expect to see a continued focus on investment in infrastructure. That's what drives this business, and we think we have great opportunity to continue to do that. 
M. Hardwick: I think we quoted that was up, Ed, you can check me 13%, I think, we said roughly 13% in the quarter, and again, we've laid out by quarter in the 10-Q. Yes, residential is up 13.6% in the quarter. 
M. Hardwick: It really did. And then commercial, again, we saw as -- on a year-to-date basis, is really flat to the prior year. So obviously, you would expect growth, right? But we think back flat to year-over-year is an indication that across much of our territory, which, again, we like the geographic diversity of our territory as this thing rolls through the country. Different parts of the country are responding differently in terms of business reopenings, and we've seen that occur through this third quarter. 
