Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover the first quarter financial results and our COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. The employees of American Water again delivered solid results in the first quarter of 2017. Our strategies include providing excellent service to our customers, building constructive regulatory relationship, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operation to ensure affordability and value for our customers. The foundation for our earnings growth is the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. We invested $242 million this quarter, with $223 million for regulated infrastructure. We plan to invest about $1.5 billion this year with 1.3 billion dedicated to water and wastewater system improvement and upgrade. We minimized our customer bill impacts while making these investments through a continued focus on controlling O&M cost and through constructive regulatory mechanism. Our regulated business closed several acquisitions during the quarter and in April. The largest was Shorelands Water Company and we are pleased to welcome these 11,000 New Jersey families and businesses to the American Water family. We have added around 16,700 customers since the start of the year through closed acquisition and organic growth. Earnings were up slightly in our market-based businesses. We saw increases in our Homeowner Services Group as well as our Keystone Clearwater subsidiary. However, as we noted at both our December Investor Day and on February’s yearend earnings call, Military Services continues to experience a downturn in ongoing capital projects on basis. This is due to previous sequestration mandate and their effects on base budgets. The sequestration was lifted earlier this year and we could see the benefits of this in the DOD’s next fiscal year, which starts October 1st. Linda will discuss the financial implications of this in more detail in just a few minutes. Keystone is continuing to see a pickup in business with more well completions and drilling rigs operating in the Appalachian Basin. We expect to see fuller financial impacts in the second half of the year. As Slide 6 summarizes, our results were solid with first quarter 2017 earnings per diluted share up 13% compared to last year. As Linda will discuss in more detail in just a few minutes, this includes excellent year-over-year growth in our Regulated Businesses, year-over-year improvement in our Market-Based Businesses and a $0.02 positive impact from a parent related tax accounting treatment of equity compensation. She will also outline a second quarter onetime income tax headwind from our New York operations which will likely more than offset the anticipated equity compensation pick up this year. On April 21, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.375 to $0.415 per share, a 10.7% increase. This increase is the fifth consecutive year that dividend increases are at the very top or above our long term 7% to 10% EPS growth range. We are also affirming our 2017 guidance of $2.98 to $3.08 per share. Walter will now give you his update on our Regulated business.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, many of you have asked about the Trump administration’s infrastructure plans and how they might impact us. So I’ll speak to that very briefly. As you know, tackling our nation’s infrastructure challenges for roads, bridges, airports and water infrastructure is a priority for the administration. And for a good reason. First and foremost are the safety and health of our citizens and there are also compelling economic and competitive justifications. We know reliable infrastructure is foundational for communities and businesses to thrive and investment also stimulates the economy through job creation. For example, every 1 million in water infrastructure investment yield 16 jobs. So American Water’s $1.3 billion invested in water and wastewater infrastructure this year will support 165,000 jobs. The details of an infrastructure package are still not clear, but the administration has been clear on the need for private sector involvement. For us, a focus on the need to invest in infrastructure is a good thing. For as long as you have been listening to our calls, we’ve been talking about the need for and our efforts to upgrade and maintain our systems to ensure clean, safe and reliable water services, all while running our business safely and efficiently so that our customer bills are affordable. So as we applaud these efforts by the administration and are actively involved in this policy development efforts to support our customers’ interest, it doesn’t really change our ongoing investment’s scope, plans or commitments. Regardless of what happens in Washington, we will continue to focus on serving our customers, assuring water quality and strengthening our infrastructure. And we will do this as we also partner and assist communities seeking help with your own water and wastewater service challenge. And with that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: And Ryan, one of the things that really helps us, if you remember over the past couple of years, especially because of our geographical diversity, even when we may see, unfortunately, as we have flooding at different times in the Midwest and drier weather in the Northeast, they have tended to offset each other. So one of the benefits in terms of not -- quality of earnings or being able see through the weather is the geographical diversity we have. So you bring up a good point with all the rains that Missouri has had, we’ve not seen that in the Northeast. So that kind of helps us kind of net out and we think that’s good.
Susan Story: So the quick answer is it really -- there’s no changes to our strategy. And just as some background, I’m really glad you asked the question. So if you look at American Water, in the past four years, we’ve actually doubled our market capitalization. We’ve increased our regulated acquisitions, we’ve also increased our capital investment. And you also pair that with the fact that we have an aging workforce. And so we’ve, over the past two to three years, been looking at strengthening an already really strong team, and we have so many professional, who have worked here for a long time. But for example, last year, we brought in a new Chief of Innovation and Technology Officer, Radha Swaminathan, because he brought some unique capabilities from his time in electric utility industry and what they had done in technology.  We brought in a new Head of R&D and emerging technology because Dr. Mark LeChevallier is retiring as at the end of this year. We brought in a new Controller, Melissa Wikle and we also promoted several people inside to bigger and higher jobs. So really with Eric and Brian, it’s a continuation of that. And Eric is actually in business development and Mark Strauss group. And that group, as we talked about at Investor Day in December, that group supports the regulated acquisitions strategies that are state employ, but also we are always looking at the landscape of are there any states we want to enter. And we’ve talked about the conditions that we would have to have before we did that.  And we also look at are there other opportunities, but that’s not the basis of our growth triangle and that’s not the focus mainly of what we’re doing. And with Brian, actually, it’s a different role than that is that as we’ve gotten bigger and as we look at our corporate strategies and our financial strategy convergence, we’re bringing in talent that has decades of experience of looking at creative financial planning, how you integrate corporate strategy with financial planning, being able to look at financial modeling, how we evaluate, making sure we make really good smart financial decisions. And I’ll tell you, with the addition of Melissa and Brian and the continued outstanding work that Ed Vallejo bring, our VP and Treasurer Jen Gamble, our team here, really, we brought these hires in to really make us even stronger than we have been in the past. And it’s pretty exciting.
Susan Story: Right. And it is one of the reasons that in December, we shared kind of the long [indiscernible] into deck. Today, we shared the long process it takes in terms of acquiring a municipality that even if there is interest and they expressed an interest, when you’re a municipality, there’s a lot of efforts all this are in play. You have to get a lot of people on board. You have to get a lot of people aligned. It’s not quick. It would be much faster if the business was corporate acquisitions, which has its own set of issues. But in the municipality, we also understand that these are elected officials and they want to make sure not just that they’re getting a good price for their system, but that the people who buy their systems and other assets are able to serve the citizens well over the coming years. And this is a big interest. A lot of these mayors and council folks say, yes price is one thing and yes we need to have more capital, but on the other hand, I have to make sure that this is going to last for the next several years and that we don’t put our city in a situation where we have service use. So you’re exactly right, Angie. As we do more and more work with emerging contaminants, as we are looking not just at lead but other contaminants that are regulated, that we have growing concerns about and we’re looking at ways to deal with them, we are sharing with municipalities all over the country our efforts, our value proposition and some of them are interested, some of them aren’t, but it’s not a fast process. And I don’t think it’ll ever be a fast process because of the politics involved. And I know one thing that will help though and Walter can mention the Water Quality Accountability Act in New Jersey is one thing that it takes effect across the country because basically, private water companies like us are held to higher standards or where actually the regulations are enforced more strongly with us than they are with municipalities. And we believe that all people deserve clean water. You may want to talk about what’s going on in New Jersey, Walter.
Susan Story: And if I could add to that, when we look at our long-term growth triangle, we continue to see 1% to 2% growth EPS compound annual growth rate from regulated acquisitions. And that translates into about 30,000 to 60,000 customer additions per year. And they ebb and flow, they can be lumpy as we go through, but we’ve added 13,000 customers year-to-date.
Susan Story: And also in California, we have revenue decoupling which aligns the conservation goals of the commission of our customers and our company.
Susan Story: That’s a really good question. So from everything we’re seeing, when you look at the amount of money spent by the private industry a year, which is between 2.5 billion and 3 billion and you look at the money that’s out there for 84% of the water systems and 98% of the wastewater, they actually are spending less from public funds. So it would take such huge numbers of, I’ll call free money, to have a big impact. However, there’s always a issue one of the things that we’re doing to watch out for our customers is our customers pay taxes just like the customers of municipality.  So what we’re asking for is a level playing field. For example, the state revolving fund that gets funding nationally, federally, we can participate in states that allow us to on the waterside but not on the wastewater side. So we’re working on policy efforts to ensure that if there are pools of low-cost money that we have access to them equal to what the municipals have access to. And again, because all of our customers pay taxes also. So for us, there’s also in some conversations that we’ve been involved with in Washington, the trillion dollar infrastructure is not a trillion dollars in actual funding. It is finding ways that you have offset the need for that. So our ability to invest, job creation, those types of things could actually be used as a measure to count toward that and that’s one thing that we’re involved and making sure that we had recognized for that.
Susan Story: And I’ll add to that. That is our preliminary estimate. The new legislation came out on April 11. These are very detailed calculations and we’re working through that process now.
Susan Story: And I’d like to thank you all for participating on our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analyst who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions in dealings with all of you so that you can have complete confidence in your decision around the company and your investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your questions or you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. I’d like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting would take place next week from tomorrow, next Friday, May 12. Thanks again for listening and look forward to talking with you soon.
Ryan Connors: I’d like to just talk about Pennsylvania. The related issues of the Pennsylvania rate case and sort of acquisitions there. And obviously the rate cases as sort of hot off the press. But can you tell us about how the -- well first of all, whether or not that includes Scranton addition, which I assume it does. And if so, whether if there’s any unique elements to how that’s being treated in terms of that being a wastewater system and it being a pretty large implementation of Act 11 and just unique dynamics or things to watch for in terms of how Scranton will be now pulled into the rate orbit for Pennsylvania.
Ryan Connors: Right. Good point. Now what about the broader Pennsylvania? I mean, it seems like the deal flow, at least that announced deal flow, has slowed little bit. I mean, you have Scranton, it was obviously a big one, the key support, but lately, there haven’t been really any additions. I mean, should we interpret that as meaning there is a little bit of a deceleration? Or are there whole lot sort of in the hopper that we’re not seeing yet and the cadence remains really strong.
Ryan Connors: Okay. And then one last one, just more of a sort of housekeeping, short-term issue. But we are, Linda, you mentioned the variability on weather and I appreciate the transparency there in terms of the guidance. But any early read on 2Q? We’re almost halfway through and whether that will be a headwind or a tailwind for the second quarter results.
Ryan Connors: We’re five weeks into 2Q, so I’m just trying to get an idea whether there’s any sense of whether it’s been in the first five weeks of 2Q, whether it’s been a headwind or a tailwind to sales.
Walter Lynch: Brian, it’s Walter. The Scranton acquisition is included in this rate filing. And because of Act 11, it’s going to be integrated into the preceding and with the same way that the water systems would. So it’s going to take, again, eight to ten months to work for the preceding and we just -- we’re going to work with the commission to make sure that the Scranton customers are represented in the right way.
Walter Lynch: That’s what we expect, Ryan. And again, when you consider the size, $1.3 billion worth of investment over the last four years. I mean, this is a significant investment, but still as part of the much bigger capital program that we have in Pennsylvania.
Walter Lynch: Well, let me say that we continue to work with communities to address their issues and be a solution provider for them. And again, we know that we’ve got a compelling story and we can add tremendous value to our customers.
Walter Lynch: Absolutely, Susan. If I could add to that as well. It does take a long time as we know. But our teams in the states are focused on executing and delivering value for the communities that they serve and will serve in the future. So the Water Quality Accountability Act right now was approved in the environmental communities in both the House and Senate in New Jersey. The next step is going from the budget committee, which should happen at the end of this month and then a floor vote in June. And then the governor’s got 45 days to sign it. So it is moving forward. We expect it to move forward and get approved. But we think this is going to be good, not just for New Jersey but as other states look to New Jersey as a leader in this area that they’ll look at something similar in those states. 
Walter Lynch: We’re really proud of that. We did play a role in moving that forward in Virginia. So what we have is single tier pricing. 1 on the water and one of the wastewater side and we’re going to use that like we do in other states. So if we acquire a system, we can spread those costs across a bigger customer base. And so we’ll just continue to work with our municipal leaders in Virginia to promote the benefits of that. We’ve seen it in all the other states and I think they recognize that because they passed it, the House and the Senate and the governor passed it for a reason because it’s in the benefit customers within Virginia.
Walter Lynch: Yes, we believe so. And that’s why we’re big believers in the single tier pricing because again, it allows us to buy a system and most of the time, they need significant investment and we’re able to spread that investment across a larger customer base. 
Walter Lynch: Well, we expect the behaviors to continue in California. I think the customers there have worked very, very hard over the last 6, 7 years to bring their usage down to levels that they can sustain. So that’s the way we look at it. The continued behavior around conservation is very important in California and our customers recognize that.
Walter Lynch: No, we don’t expect any issues there. We’re just going to work through it like we do with our other investments in Pennsylvania.
Linda Sullivan: In the first quarter, Ryan, we did see a little bit of lower demand but it was really in line with declining usage that is normally expected.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we’re not really seeing any large indicators through the April timeframe. I will say that when we look at weather variability, historically, we have seen the largest variability occur in the late summer months or in the third quarter of the year.
Linda Sullivan: So we can give that to you off-line. I don’t have it right in front of me. But what I can say is that our cast across the capitol filing was not extended, so we did do a filing on April 3. We requested a 10.8% ROE and that is up from our current authorized level of 9.99%. We also requested an increase in the equity ratio from 53% to about 55%. So we can run through that calculation and get it to you.
Linda Sullivan: Jonathan, this is Linda. It did not. And so as we began to look at our guidance and affirming our guidance, there were two really discrete tax items that we were looking at, that impacts from New York but also from the change in the new accounting standard for stock based compensation. And so those largely offset.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, we do about it. This is something that’s really hard to predict because it’s based upon the level of stock option exercises, the stock price, et cetera. And so we did not include it in the guidance. So that’s why we wanted to make sure that we outlined these items for you for additional transparency, so that you could determine the overall quality of earnings.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And it’s really a one-time cumulative noncash item. Let me try to be very careful. You get some companies that outlined everything so special and back out in all this and we just we tried to be pretty transparent and clean, so unless it’s something -- that’s why we say we adjust kind of some interesting weather that we should be able to adjust for a weather that’s within a certain band and only if it’s extraordinary so that’s great point, Jonathan. But we just try to keep everything simple and clean as we can.
Linda Sullivan: Absolutely, Michael. This is Linda. And we are really excited because we have broken ground on the construction. And so you can now probably see it from the Philadelphia skyline. You can see, still going up, if you will. So we expect the cost of the building to be up to a $165 million. For 2017, we would expect to spend about $75 million this year on the construction, as long as we stay on schedule, which is expected. We would -- we are looking at completing the construction towards the latter half of 2018 and then taking occupancy there.  Now in terms of that tax credit, the way that this works is that once we move into the building, we will become eligible to receive up to $165 million in tax credit over a 10-year period subject to meeting certain criteria. And our goal here is really to make this revenue neutral for our customers. And so that is what we’re working towards. And we are going to be utilizing grant accounting for recognition of these tax benefits, which allow us to recognize those tax benefits over the life of the assets. And that’s very consistent with our approach to make this revenue neutral for our customers.
