Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Turning to Slide 15, let me summarize the status of our accountability list, and recall, we presented this at the investor conference in February and we touch on it at each quarter to show where we stand on those initiatives. Relative to the divestiture of regulatory water and wastewater operations in Arizona and New Mexico, those are on track to close either at the end of '11 or very early in 2012. We have basic agreements in both states, but we need to go through the process of having preliminary order issued and the commission acting on it. We've also filed for regulatory approval in both Ohio and New York on our transaction with Aqua, and we expect that, that transaction will close in early 2012 also. Ellen went into detail on the rate filings, and I think we're on track to get the anticipated rate case decisions that are important to us for this year. As well as the filing of solid rate cases in a number of our jurisdictions. Let me also just mention that the New Jersey DSIC is on the commission's agenda for November, so we hope to have a rule in place, probably by late in the first quarter of next year. Declining residential usage, as Ellen mentioned, is of significant import. And it's been addressed in a number of different ways in every single rate case filing. We're continuing to work with our regulators on this issue, both from a structural side, as well as in the individual cases that we filed. As we talked about before, we're seeing solid progress in both our regulated operating efficiency measure, and our earned ROE and we'll continue obviously to drive for performance improvement in both these areas. While we have a number of initiatives going on at American Water on the business development front, some of which I mentioned earlier, let me just maybe give updates on 2 things we didn't talk about. First, Homeowner Services. This quarter, we launched the test offering of an electric and gas line, as well as appliance care program to a segment of our homeowner service customers to see how they respond to that, and we've also expanded the test that we've had ongoing relative to the hot-water heater initiative, because it's getting good response. We're also seeing good results from direct mail efforts to customers in geographies beyond the American Water footprint. On the military operations side, there are several utility privatization opportunities that we understand are under development, with notice given by the Army and Air Force that there will likely be additional request for proposals to be issued in the next 6 to 12 months. And as I mentioned, we're also continuing to work on the Marcellus Shale region, with both current and prospective water customers, expanding the number of drilling customers, points of interconnection and the proximity, increasing the proximity, to which that water is delivered to where they're drilling in order to minimize trucking costs and the other associated things associated with the trucks moving up and down these reasonably rural roads.  So in summary, we're on track, and we are pleased to report these results to you today. So let's close our comments and turn it over to you all for any questions.
Jeffry Sterba: Yes, I'd say it's more cyclical, because it's seasonal rather than -- we're obviously focused on improving it, but I wouldn't read more into that than exists.
Jeffry Sterba: Remember that the military operates on the federal budget cycle, and so as you get the third quarter is really kind of the last quarter before they end that fiscal year. And so they're trying to move through the things, the projects that they can fund. So we typically will see that as a bit of a higher period of performance.
Jeffry Sterba: I would say that we are seeing an increase in the general volume of inquiries or interest in discussing. Again, our business plan is not predicated on that happening. It is, as you said, gravy. We're obviously going to be very focused on what kinds of things we will do. There are a lot of municipalities that are -- that even though they're interested in talking, it may not be around a full acquisition for political reasons or what-have-you. The one thing I would just point out to you is as we've talked before, we are much more focused on doing those kinds of arrangements where we can be very helpful, but we can also make money. And kind of traditional O&M contracts with the municipalities is not a business that we see serving that latter objective of making a good return.
Jeffry Sterba: Sure, CJ. We've established a goal, a 5-year goal last year to get our regulated operating efficiency ratio down below 40%, and I think we're on track to do that. It can be a little lumpy, because obviously it's affected by weather, on the one hand. But on the other hand, it is also the efforts that we've got to reduce our operating cost levels has -- is a very structured approach, and it's got a number of things, some of which are system related, and so we don't see the reductions until we bring in new systems, and so it can be a little lumpy by that, as well as other major initiative related. So for example, we've got a major initiative underway on supply chain and some of that takes a little while to get into effect. So it's not necessarily a year-by-year thing, but it's clearly to be below 40% within the 5-year window.
Jeffry Sterba: Let me just add, more of a general comment. Desal, from everything that I've seen and taking a hard look at that market, it's unique to it's location, right? It's not a "be all and end all." But desal, you're seeing increased interest in the -- in relative to produced water. Ocean water is probably the one that lags the most, but Monterey is a very unique location that has very limited options. And that's why we believe that this is probably the best option. None of them were cheap, but -- so I don't -- we don't look at Monterey as a resurgence of desal developments countrywide or just along the coast. I think it's going to be much more specific to the individual situation.
Jeffry Sterba: Let me just for -- under the rubric of full disclosure, note that in our California deal, if it were to go forward, assuming it goes forward, which is what we believe, we've got a fairly large tract of land over 900 acres, that would be a public donation. We've got an agreement in principle that's been disclosed regarding that. So that's the only other one that we've got that's sizable. But it's predicated, we've got -- it's associated with demolition of the dam and...
Jeffry Sterba: Right. Rerouting of the river. So it's a couple of years off, but we want to make sure that we remind you of that.
Jeffry Sterba: We have looked at some specific opportunities. We don't have anything to announce at this stage. What we're really doing is, we've developed this with ENBALA on the notion that it is our ability to store and regulate our water volume is a more cost-effective storage medium than trying to store electricity. And so we both have a demand side management opportunity from a capacity side. This one with ENBALA focuses on the regulating margin, the ability to provide real-time integrated capacity into that marketplace. So the installation of generation has largely occurred in New Jersey where we've focused on solar. I think, we've now got 3 installations that are in operation or -- yes, that are in operation. We've looked at some other things that involve water, but at this stage, we haven't. We don't have anything to announce.
Jeffry Sterba: No, I think the -- both from a geographic, regulatory and business opportunity base, we feel pretty good about the driving down to 16 states. There are a few states where we have very small operations, but they don't require a lot of overhead. So they're not -- typically, you're looking for scale, so you've can manage the overhead in a reasonable way. And these states really don't require that. I would say that there remain to be a couple of states that we still have an interest in the potentially moving into, so you could see growth on that side. And if the right opportunity comes along, whether it'd be through a trade to rationalize our positions, we'll continue to look at it, but we're pretty comfortable with where we are.
Jeffry Sterba: I think there's a very chance they could either close right at the end of the year or there is a possibility it could slip into January. We have -- Arizona has -- and if it slips into January, it may not go till the end of the month just because it's easier to have these things clear at the end of the month. But in Arizona, we've had -- we've made great progress. We have an agreement that in fact, is now being shared with New Mexico, the potential of having the Arizona Commission act on it before we hit December 1, which would enable a closing by the end of the year. So whether it's December 31 or the end of the year, we have seen nothing come up that has -- creates the opportunity for this not to go forward in that time frame.
Jeffry Sterba: And Neil, we'll talk about it when we provide guidance for next year. But I think, you're -- for the next couple of years, you're safe thinking about the midpoint of the $800 to a $1 billion. I know we had trended on the lower end of that for a couple of years, some done purposefully and others just delayed some projects. But I think we'll be more in the midpoint of that range.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, it's a long-term growth rate. We don't -- we have exceeded that range in the last couple of years, there'll be years in which it might be slightly lower or slightly higher. We think about it in terms of not an individual year abnormality that always happens, but what's the long-term growth rate.
Jeffry Sterba: It's one of those that it depends on the state. Because they're all unique and individual. Obviously, the 2 big ones for us are Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and in both of those cases, the settlements -- well, in Pennsylvania, the settlement reaches forward, and we feel very good about the inclusion of the capital, through known measurables, sense it's a historic test year. So it reached forward into 2012, and certainly includes the Major CapEx projects. On New Jersey, obviously, we've filed that case. It does have a -- the capital that is being spent, we're not at a point yet, obviously, to know what the settlement may be or what an outcome would be. But I think in most of the states, we have not -- I'm trying to think, Ellen and Walter, I don't recall where we've had any capital that we filed in a rate case, whether it's a future test year or a historic test year with known and measurable. Where we have had capital pulled out in this last round of rate case.
Jeffry Sterba: So I think, it's always hard to say the amount that we're spending in '11, when will it be actually reflected in rates. Some of it is being -- going to be reflected in rates starting at the first of 2012 or possibly even in '11, in the Pennsylvania case. And other amount of it will be coming on the states, say for example, Indiana, we're in the midst of a rate case in which that investment is included in the rate case. So it's a little bit of both, I guess would be the easy -- the short answer, Dave.
Jeffry Sterba: We'll give -- we'll certainly give you advance notice of when it will be. It will either be mid-December or early in January. It's more calendar driven and stuff like that. I promise we won't do it the week before Christmas, and we won't do it the week between Christmas and New Year's.
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. In fact, we plan on doing things to help use innovation and/or efficiency to offset any escalations that come from inflation.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, thank you, again very much for joining us today. We enjoyed the visit, and obviously, it's always good to talk about good quarters, but we will let you know as soon as we've resolved when we'll be announcing guidance. And if we don't talk to you before Thanksgiving, have a great Thanksgiving holiday.
Ellen C. Wolf: Well, I think you see 2 things going on. One is, as we've talked about optimizing that portfolio in terms of what projects we go after and where our focus is. And second, as Jeff mentioned, this is seasonal, and we see a lot more of the military capital spend generally in the third quarter, and that is a different margin business from other existing contracts.
Ellen C. Wolf: Kentucky was a unique circumstance. It -- we don't have any land that we've done of this size in the past. You may find very small parcels of land that we have contributed, but they are immaterial in terms of our total asset base. This one was unique, and this is in Lexington, it's a park that they have been renting from us for $1 a year. And we felt this was the appropriate thing to do in terms of the community in Kentucky.
Ellen C. Wolf: This is not included in the guidance. This was a unique, we were not sure of the timing of this. And again, it was not a sale, it was a contribution. So the only benefit to us is through the tax benefit on the value of the land versus its book value.
Ellen C. Wolf: So one of the key drivers, if you'll remember is one, the New Jersey rate case, which was not in effect at the end of the year last year. But did come into effect on January 1 of this year. So again, if you look at the rate case schedule, you'll find there a number of rates that became effective towards the end or latter half of the year, that will have an impact towards the end of the year. Pennsylvania wastewater which came in on January 1, Arizona which came in on January 1 as well, and then, later in the year, Tennessee, West Virginia and Virginia. So we have a number of cases that came in throughout the year, again, of revenue that did not exist at the end of last year.
Ellen C. Wolf: Again, it's a combination of that, and as Jeff has mentioned, our focus on cost containment, and becoming more efficient and as well as our continuing ability to take advantage of low interest rates.
Ellen C. Wolf: Generally, Heike, I would look at our effective rates anywhere -- trying to pinpoint this is difficult, but around 40%. We do every now and then, have unique items, this Kentucky one was unique, we were never sure of the timing of this. It's been in discussions for 5 or more years. So again, it's hard to predict. As Jeff mentioned, the only other large one that we're aware of that would be coming up is the one related to the San Clemente Dam, and again, that's been in discussions about what to do with the dam for several years. So again, we're not sure of the timing on that. I will tell you unique things will always pop up, it is unfortunately the nature of taxes and the tax rules.
Ellen C. Wolf: Fortunately. Sorry, fortunately, they pop up. But at this time, I'm not aware of any or we would have gone ahead and booked them.
Ellen C. Wolf: We do not disclose or talk about the regional breakdown or by states at this point in time. It's something we will consider for the future. I appreciate your input.
Ellen C. Wolf: The drivers 3 things. We have a major project going on in Pennsylvania, out in Pittsburgh. We also have a renovation of an old plant in New Jersey that's happening. And then finally, we have the cost connected with our transformation, is in full swing in 2011 and will continue into 2012. And then finally, a plant that we've put in in Indiana for about $25 million. So they are -- while we continue to refurb and upgrade all of our plants, this is really a year where we've been focused in 3 states.
Ellen C. Wolf: The one issue, and one that I think every company who has a pension plan is facing in the U.S. is around pensions, and 2 things that drive it: The return on assets and what's happening in the stock market, and the second, the discount rate which calculates the liability. I think, that's one area we will continue to watch very closely, and as many other companies are doing the same throughout the U.S.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. There've been a number of meetings with the 3 parties out in Monterey to resolve the water supply issues. I think we're making progress, we've been in mediation over the last several weeks. And I think we're making progress to get to the place where we're going to be constructing that desal in the near term. So that's really key to our water supply on California, in the Monterey Peninsula. Because as you know, we have a cease and desist that we cannot take out of the Carmel River beyond 2016. So it's key that we get that going, and I think we have the team in place working very cooperatively with the other agencies up in Monterey to get that done.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Thanks, thanks, Jeff. Heike, well, if gets approved, it's on the agenda for November 9, then it gets published in the state register. And then there is a 60-day comment period, and the DBO will consider those comments, and then issue a final ruling. We're hoping at the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter.
Walter J. Lynch: Just for clarification. Yes, sorry, Heike, just for clarification. It's a 6-month filing for this, what's is in the proposal order not a quarterly.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, I think it would be the latter half of 2012, is when we'd start seeing the impact. If it goes according to that schedule that I just said.
