Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Linda Sullivan will cover in detail the fourth quarter and full-year financial results, and our COO, Walter Lynch who will give key updates on our operations. 2018 was a very eventful year for American Water, beginning with historic tax reform, the conclusion of several key rate cases and active acquisition year in both regulated and market based businesses, the sale and its continuation of a few market based business lines and a sharp focus on deploying smart technology and excelling at business fundamentals. Through it all, we further strengthened our loan risk and predictable growth story. We experienced continued growth in our regulated businesses from investment, acquisitions, and organic growth. Our market based businesses achieved very strong year-over-year growth led the Keystone impairment and provided increased cash to our overall business. Our $3.30 adjusted EPS is an 8.9% increase over adjusted 2017 EPS. We are affirming our 2019 EPS guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 per share and we continue our focus on achieving the top half of our 7% to 10% EPS growth CAGR guidance though 2023. Our fundamental story at American Water remains the same and our performance is consistent as we report another strong year of results for 2018. The capital investment we make in regulated operations continues to be the foundation for our growth. $1.5 billion of the total of $2 billion that we invested in 2018 was for regulated infrastructure improvement with almost $400 million for acquisitions including our acquisition of Pivotal. Let me mention a few of our 2018 highlights. First, and most importantly we continued to be a safer Company in which our employees work. We finished 2018 with fewer employee injuries than in any other year recorded in our Company's history. But we won't be satisfied until we have zero injuries throughout our business. We continued our commitment to the highest levels of water quality, the environment and our customers safety by leveraging new and groundbreaking technologies. We had installed additional surface water monitoring panel at all of our major surface water intake and we are working on a comprehensive data analytics strategy that will enhance our ability to detect issues and respond accordingly. This one hits the protections we provide to our customers. Phases 2 and 3 of these systems scheduled for this year will utilize Artificial Intelligence and machine learning. We are also implementing technology tools for our front line employee that will enhance communication and mobility to empower our people to significantly improve our customer experience. And as we invest, we work to lower O&M cost and deploy capital as efficiently as possible while also leveraging our buying power and strategic sourcing to drop cost savings. Walter will talk a bit further about these in just a moment. We also experienced strong customer growth. We added 25,000 new customers in the reg business through closed acquisitions and organic growth. We have an additional 61,000 customer connections under agreement for acquisitions pending regulatory approval. Our portfolio of market based businesses also provided strong growth by leveraging our core competences, using little to no capital and generating healthy cash flows. We completed the $365 million acquisition of Pivotal, welcoming 650,000 new customers. In our legacy home owner services organization, we launched partnerships with Philadelphia and Fort Wayne, Indiana and received intent to award notices for new partnership with San Francisco, Toledo, Ohio and Pinellas County Florida. We also added our 14th military base with the addition of Fort Leonard Wood army base in Missouri, and we took steps to optimize our market based businesses, selling the majority of our contract services and narrowing Keystone Clear Waters operations to its more predictable and profitable water trends for business. With that, I will turn it over to Walter.
Susan Story: Thank you Linda. America Waters has created a foundation based on continued execution of our strategies and this navigates us through market ups and downs and drives our long-term success. At a recent business dinner a non utility colleague asked me directly, "So with your evaluations why should I invest in American Water?" I laid out our investment thesis as summarized on this slide which many of you are familiar with, but which we are never tired of discussing. There are too many of these to address on this call, but as always we will be happy to engage with you at a later time on any or all of these factors. And all this is deemed to the 7100 people who are American Water. Once again when subzero temperatures hit in early January of this year, our folks were out there working 24 hours a day so that our customers have the precious resource of water at their faucets as well as critical fire protection and sanitation services. We had many great challenges throughout the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, and northeast, but none were dramatic than in Iowa and Up State Michigan where temperatures dipped to minus 25 degrees with minus 50 degree wind shield. While we only worked emergencies during this brutal cold, we doubled and tripled crew sizes to enable very short work cycles and we provided the best protective equipment possible to ensure employees safety as they heroically work in this temperature into spring. These folks are amazing and they are the heart and soul what makes us successful. It is our firm belief that companies do well by doing good. More and more employees customers and inventors think to align themselves with companies who have responsible policies, make a positive impact in their communities, lead in protecting the planet, investing their employees and operate in an open and transparent manner. We believe when you do these things responsibly long-term financial sustainability follows. It was just announced last week that for the second year in a row American Water was named to Barron's 100 most sustainable companies. This year, we ranked highest of all utilities of any type coming in at number 23 up from 36 last year. It was also announced last month that we were selected for the 2019 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index one of only 230 companies globally. And as shown on this chart these recognitions joined others such as our inclusion in last year’s NAACP inaugural index line. We have in business for 133 years and we want to be in business for at least that many more. We have succeeded through world wars, market swing, company ownership changes, macro and technology disruptions and the full continuum of political and regulatory policy. We have provided our shareholders with 140% PSR over the past five years. We have provided clear and transparent insight into our future with decades of needed investments. We have a strong history of executing on our strategy through efficiencies in both O&M cost and capital deployment. Our regulated capital investment is low risk, consisting of over 100 different water projects per year reducing the overall risk of any single project to our plan. And our commitment to our shareholders continued through dividend growth guidance at the high end of our 7% to 10% EPS growth guidance. History matters, experience matters, and predictability matters, and that is why we are confident in our business and growth for the future. Thank you. And we are happy to take your questions.
Susan Story: Well I will start and Angie and then Linda can pickup. So the Pivotal integration has grown - really going exceedingly well, better than actually we thought it would. Culturally a great fit. As you saw from the numbers that Linda presented a very, very good year for the entire homeowner services organization and Pivotal was part of that as well as the legacy homeowner services which actually won five key partnerships which adds a tremendous impact on the future profitability and cash that we get from that business. And before I turn it over to Linda to talk about the financials, just quickly on Keystone. So as we mentioned on the third quarter call, so we had shutdown the trucking of water business and the construction business. And we are focusing on water transfer only and as we pointed out it was the most predictable and profitable. One thing to-date even this year we are seeing that hypothesis prove out with a very strong year to water transfer thus far in 2019. And as Linda said, you saw a little bit at the end of 2014 impact financially as we are taking finally closing out the entire construction business.
Susan Story: Well, Angie as always we don’t comment on other companies, but I will tell you in terms of American Water, the space for water is very scarce as you know and also for us we are seeing a significant growing focus on ESG and being a water utility positions us very strategically in that space. We are seeing a lot of interest as you probably notice globally, not just with utility fronts, but global infrastructure, global environment front. So there is a lot of money looking for good places to go. We think we are the best place for that money to go and so we are just going to continue to telling our story and we think there is a lot of interest given the story that we have got and the proven execution on these strategies and the fundamentals that we trying to exhibit every year, every quarter, every day.
Susan Story: For a clarification Rich, we did not sell Keystone's construction business or trucking. We shut it down. There was no revenue, that was related to that. And in our non-GAAP earnings we did not include the benefits from the sale of CSG. We simply did not include that, nor did we include a positive outcome from an interim sale. So what Linda said is, you look at that chart, this is truly from ongoing operations, this does not include any revenues from one-time sales.
Susan Story: And Rich you bring up a really good point and I think is going to be an ongoing policy move throughout the United States which is the actions the New Jersey is taking with all the concerns about contaminates and with all of the focus on the [perfluoro] (Ph) chemicals especially. We think that with the Water Quality Accountability Act with the things that are happening you are correct this does position us not just in New Jersey but in all of our states. Because for example on the perfluoro chemicals and that is the generic name for whether you are talking about PFOAs or PFNAs or name any of these type of chemicals. And why that is interesting is that while there was a lot of discussion around the EPAs position to not immediately form a maximum contaminant level, what most people may not understand is EPA does currently have a non-enforceable health advisory a [70 parts per trillion] (Ph). Well at American water we don’t wait for maximum contaminant levels, when the EPA has health advisories, we actually ensure that our systems are consistent with that. So we are already meeting the existing EPA health advisory. We test for it, we check for it, before it even becomes an MCL. Now I don’t know what that number is for municipalities, I don’t know what that number is for the companies, but I think your broader point which is as we see this in New Jersey, you see this as we think that that will become an issue everywhere, in all of our states we are starting to see a lot of concern about these contaminant. And as Walter said, when we talk about being a solutions provider, it’s not just buying answers and providing hopefully better service when we go in, because this is all we do water and wastewater, but it’s also providing critical health solutions for things like emerging contaminant. And also as Walter said in his comment, in some of states we are actually seeing the ability for us to go in and replace customer led service lines even if the lead's not in our pipes, because we can do it more cheaply as we are replacing our pipes. So that is the broader story around us being a solutions providing. And I think what you mentioned is going to be an increasing theme across this country as there is more and more concerns in all the states about these contaminants.
Susan Story: Thank you, Phil. And thanks everybody for participating in our call today. As always, we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our Company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We will always be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, because we want you have to complete confidence in your decisions around our Company and the investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your questions or you have additional questions, please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help. We look forward to talking to you again in our 2019 first quarter earnings call that will be on May the 2nd and our Annual Stock Conference meeting which will take place on Friday May the 10th. Thanks again for listening. We hope everybody has a great rest of your week.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and I can add to that Angie. In terms of the Pivotal integration as Susan said its going very well. And in terms of our financial projection they are coming in as expected. And so we stand by our original projections that are included in the five year plan. From the perspective again as Susan mentioned, we closed out the construction business in the fourth quarter. So the bulk of that was impacted fourth quarter. We are seeing early this year the results as we anticipated and so we are excited about that we will update you more in the first quarter.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, absolutely. $0.02 in the quarter was associated with Tax Reform and then when you move into 2019 that will be comparable year-over-year. And the other $0.02 was associated with the tax return true up that we had in the fourth quarter. Generally we true up either in the third or fourth quarter of each year.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Rich this is Linda. And if you look in the appendix to the slides, on Slide 30 we included additional detail on revenue, because of all of the moving parts in the fourth quarter. And you can see on that slide deck HOS from a revenue perspective was up $76 million of revenue and that was due to the better results for HOS as well as the integration of Pivotal. Keystone was up $6 million year-over-year from a quarter perspective, I’m sorry this is the full-year. $6 million Keystone was up and that is primarily from the increase in the water transfer business. And then we had lower revenue results from military services just from lower capital upgrades as well as our contract services group from the sale of that group this year. So that is included in the breakdown for revenue on Page 30 and I think that will help you.
