Susan Hardwick: Rich, yes, let me make a couple of comments and certainly have John weigh in here. I think we made it hopefully pretty clear in our prepared remarks, first of all, that we affirmed guidance for the year. So as we think about expectations for 2022, we're quite confident in our ability to hit the targets we've established for '22. We did indicate that we continue to see some pressure in headwinds around particularly chemical costs and energy costs. We also highlighted that we're working diligently in the regulatory environment to ensure on a go-forward basis that we have those costs addressed. And as Cheryl pointed out, a number of our cases do have forward-looking test years. So we're hopeful that we can limit any exposure here really to 2022. The other comment that we made, and you obviously rightly pointed out the HOS gain that was recorded, which again, those sorts of transactions are not terribly uncommon when you have a transaction of the size we had last year when we sold HOS, just final working capital true-ups. And I would say they're final. We don't expect any more activity related to that transaction. That was a benefit to the first half of the year that certainly helped us offset some of those cost increases. But I'd also say it's not uncommon for an organization of our size, as John remarked to have pluses and minuses throughout the course of the year. And our focus on cost management, our focus on how we operate, how we are focused on efficiency, we'll continue to have levers that we can pull to offset exposure that we may see in the second half of the year. So that's our plan. And again, I'll just say it again, we affirmed our guidance for 2022, and we fully expect to hit those targets for the year.
Susan Hardwick: No, not at this time. Obviously, as we said in our prepared remarks, we do need to get to the end of the year, we'll do the remeasurement there, and we'll see where we are. But again, our focus would be to use all of the tools at our disposal to manage those types of increases I mentioned in my remarks around regulatory approaches. We've got trackers in two states already, so that will mitigate it there in two of our largest states, by the way. And we're continuing to focus on regulatory solutions in all the cases we have currently on file to address that specific cost. So we're optimistic we'll be able to manage through whatever increases we may or may not see there.
Susan Hardwick: I don't think you should assume that. What we tried to point out on Slide 10 is simply the reality of our earnings profile. We're pointing out that in the prior year, you would have had results from New York. We just didn't want folks to miss that as you think about what your expectations are for each of the remaining two quarters. And then we obviously have talked about inflation here and our -- the headwinds we may experience. And again, our strategy is to try to offset those impacts. What we've continued to say is we've affirmed our guidance for 2022, and we're very confident in our ability to hit that.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. And so obviously, it's something that we're very focused on, and I'm going to let Cheryl comment on how we see this latest news.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. It's a good -- yes, sure. It's a good question. And obviously, we need to kind of dust off our analysis that has been done around this topic again. And as you said, it's sort of back new in the news. And I think as we've talked about this in the past, it really is probably an impact on cash flow primarily. Ultimately, any impacts to effective tax rates gets worked through the customer bills. So I would say it's probably cash flow -- and I think -- well, again, just need to look at our analysis that we did at the time. I don't recall it being terribly material, but we'll just need to dust it off and see if there's anything there to report.
Susan Hardwick: Well, yes, sure. I'm obviously not going to comment on any details here. I would simply say it's never that simple. I think it's important to go back to the comments that John made in his prepared remarks that we've got a pipeline at 1.3. We just closed New York. We talked about the acquisition in West Virginia we just announced yesterday. We have plenty to do in this space. There is plenty to do, and we are doing a lot. So we take every opportunity seriously, and we approach every one with the same rigor, the same metrics, the same approach to benefits that can be provided to communities, and we put our best foot forward and then we move on. And that's probably all I have to say about that. Again, we've got lots of great opportunities here.
Susan Hardwick: I don't know, Ryan. I mean I don't think it's something we have got at our fingertips. I don't know what you can divine from the Q on that. Yes, we don't have anything out there, Ryan, to answer that specifically.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think that's a difficult approach. Those are estimated costs as of a set of analyses we did for the rate case. I think the answer really to the question is you really just have to wait until we get to the end of the year, and we see really what the impact is going to be going forward. And I would just reiterate what we said in our prepared remarks that we are working diligently in many of these open cases to address these costs. As Cheryl highlighted several of these jurisdictions have forward-looking test years. And we have worked hard to either include these costs or estimates of these costs in those rate cases or we have proposals on the docket to be able to address go-forward exposures. And to the extent we don't cover those costs timely enough in rate cases, we will continue to focus on ways to mitigate those impacts through other cost management efforts, other things. So I don't think you can really draw any broad conclusions based on what you've seen to date, either in terms of market performance or even in our own filings. I think you really just got to wait until we have more insight into expectations at the end of the year, and then we'll certainly tell you how we think about it. But I'd also tell you, again, remind you that John commented in his remarks, we've affirmed our long-term guidance here. So as we think about this going forward, we're certainly confident in our ability to manage the cost, both from just a straight cost management standpoint and regulatory solutions.
Susan Hardwick: I don't really have anything to say about that at the moment. Again, we'd be considering those types of impacts in this current case. So nothing really to comment on there.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, I would just say that we've always got hundreds of projects pretty much ready to go that we know need to be done across our systems. And so we have some flexibility in how quickly we move those projects forward. But at this point, we've been able to manage through any supply chain delays and any cost increases and still get the work that's been prioritized done and continue to do that, we think, through the years coming. So no real concerns there, just being flexible in how we approach those projects.
Cheryl Norton: Yes. Thanks, Susan. What EPA put out recently were health advisories. And there's no regulatory requirement for us to test or to meet any certain levels with those health advisories. Those advisories were extremely low, in our opinion, below the detection limit of the methods to test for PFAS compounds. And so we're anxiously waiting to see what EPA comes back out with as far as a real regulatory limit. But we have tested all across our footprint. We know where we stand and we have already started looking at what capital projects would be necessary going forward. And any regulations in states other than where we're at today will mean future capital investments.
Cheryl Norton: Yes. We've got two areas in New Jersey where we've seen peak usage rise to the level that we feel it's important that we start to encourage or specifically ask our customers to conserve, to water only on alternating days, put steps like that in place so that we can kind of shave off those peaks and that we can serve our customers continuously without any kind of dips and pressure or anything like that. So we have seen usage spiking, and that's why you're seeing those conservation messages come through.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Michael. We have low-income assistance programs all across our footprint, but we're also looking at how we can expand those or how we can make those more accessible to additional customers. We realize there are just some customers out there that no matter how affordable our bills are, they're going to struggle to be able to do that. So we're also working at the federal level, trying to get as much support for a federal assistance program, the program has been hugely popular and helpful for our customers across our footprint in the states where they've implemented that. So we're going to continue to try to work at the federal level to get more federal funding as well as some of those local or more utility-based programs.
Cheryl Norton: Well, Michael, this is a separate piece of legislation. It -- I wouldn't say that there's legislation in every state. We have our own program, our Help to Others program that all of our states participate in all across our footprint. So our customers have had some access to low-income assistance for years now.
