George Kurian: It’s always been competitive. We have substantial technology differentiation in big and early markets, all-flash arrays, converged infrastructure, hybrid cloud, and we’re executing to our plan. Every deal is competitive, HP, Dell/EMC, Pure Storage, and some of the smaller vendors, everyone competes fiercely on the whole range of things at their disposal. The fact that we have grown substantially, gained share in virtually every category in our business, and have expanded gross margins substantially in both product and services is clear support for our thesis that we have a unique differentiated position of technology leadership, as well as partnerships, and customers are voting with their wallet in our favor.
George Kurian: I clearly think from a technology standpoint and direction standpoint, there are multiple avenues where we are sustainably differentiated. From the technology standpoint, all-flash arrays, converged infrastructure, storage, resource management, as well as the evolving market for hyper-converged, we have very, very good solutions that are clearly differentiated, both in -- the technology that’s available today as well as those that are to come, both HP and Dell have major holes in their portfolio for the evolution of the all-flash array market. And clearly, we are demonstrating massive differentiation in terms of performance and execution in the converged infrastructure market which is frankly their home turf. None of these guys have a clear coherent hybrid cloud storage. And so we feel very, very good about our position in the market and are confident. We are in the early stages of the evolution of these markets and yes, they have their own execution challenges to get over, but clearly we feel that we’ve got a really solid lead against them and they’re going to have to come catch us, which is going to take them heck of a long time.
George Kurian: That’s correct. It’s about the -- it’s about 50%, and we feel very good about the trajectory and the margins of all flash vis-à-vis hybrid.
George Kurian: We are in the very early innings of our installed based. It’s less than 10%. And as we said, we’ve gained share in the SAN market which has been the predominant location for all flash storage. We feel very, very good about our position in the all flash NAS market. And as you know, we won many, many awards year-over-year for technological leadership. So, as we see the market for NAS transition as well, we have substantial room to go.
George Kurian: I think, the things that you should focus in on is the improved results on product revenue and gross margin were due to the compensation changes we’ve made. We’ve also allowed resources to hunt versus farm our installed based, which is allowing us to accelerate our momentum against the competition by acquiring new accounts and new wallet share in existing accounts. So, we feel very, very good about the changes that we’ve made. In terms of renewals, we brought renewed organizational focus as single owner for renewals execution across the company and we’ve got a disciplined approach that makes us feel much more confident about our execution plan. We feel good about the progress year-to-date. We still have more work to do, but early signs are good.
George Kurian: Broadly speaking, we don’t have any specific commentary across the different vertical markets. We see a good balanced book of business and see strength across broad range. All of our Peters [ph] executed well. I mean, if you look at our public sector business, it is essentially mirrors the administration spending priorities. We saw strength in the Department of Defense and relative balance, and the civilian segment or public sector, we think that this will be a normal end of year flush budget. And we feel good about our market share position. We’ve got a broad reach into the market, clearly differentiated technology and long-term relationships with the customers, and feel good about our position there.
George Kurian: SolidFire has been integrated into NetApp go-to-market organization and into the product group. We feel good about the integration so far. We’ve enabled our field sellers as well as our channel partners to be able to sell the technology. It’s part of our strategic portfolio and we’ve accelerated innovations in that portfolio this quarter. In Q1, we announced FlexPod SS, a converged infrastructure solution combining Cisco computer network together with SolidFire storage and data management, we’re excited to bring that to the market and we started to see positive reviews from that. And as we’ve said before, you’ll see us bring a SolidFire base hyper converged solution to market later this calendar year. So, overall, steady as we go. We still have more work to do but we feel good about the work that we’ve done so far.
George Kurian: I think, first of all, we have multiple avenues to accelerate the momentum of NetApp. Clearly, we’ve demonstrated that in the all-flash array category and the converged infrastructure category. We have more exciting announcements around the cloud and other areas of our business that you should come to insight to hear about. With regard to the hyper converged solution, as we said, our approach is to bring to the enterprise, an enterprise-grade hyper converged solution that deals with some of the challenges that first generation hyper converged solutions like VSAN and Nutanix has. This is the ability deliver a guaranteed mixed workload performance to have modular scalability and upgradability of your storage environment, and your compute environment as well as to deploy mission-critical workloads like databases and other things beyond VDI, which is where the primary first generation vendors are. So, we feel good. The early reviews of it have been positive from the industry analysts and from the customers and partners that we’ve shared, which really more come to insight.
George Kurian: No, we’re going to continue to stay disciplined. Right? We’ve provided guidance for the year. We think that continuing to prioritize the markets that we compete in and our approach to access customers through partners is a good way to grow our business. We’re seeing the early results and they’ve proven good. We think that we can certainly accelerate the top-line in the second half of the year as we said through the course of the year, because of the momentum we’re seeing. But we’re going to continue to stay disciplined.
George Kurian: I think just a couple of things. In terms of the mature business, as we’ve said consistently, mature does not go to zero. Right? There are three components to mature, add-on storage, the OEM business, and 7-Mode. And of those three, the only thing that really goes away over a period of time is 7-Mode, which is already a very, very small number. The mature business did -- we saw the add-on storage component of the mature business grow quite substantially because of the strength of our product revenue in the strategic site to which add-on storage gets attached. That’s the first point. The second is, with regard to seasonality in the all-flash array business. It’s a big business now. And so we saw the natural seasonality in our business on the sequential side. If you compare year-on-year, however, we’re dramatically outpacing the market and our business is big numbers. And we intend to sustain that year-on-year momentum through the fiscal year.
George Kurian: I think there are sort of three of four things that I would say, Amit. I think the first is, we have clear differentiated technology leadership and momentum in large markets like all-flash arrays, converged infrastructure and the hybrid cloud where we are in the early innings of a multiyear transition of very, very large enterprise infrastructures. And we’re demonstrating our technology leadership by outpacing competitors of all sizes and shapes. The second is that our portfolio is going to expand through the course of the year. Without telling you more, I would ask you to come to NetApp Insight and see some of the exciting innovations that we have. We’ve demonstrated some of them at Flash Memory Summit. Clearly, hyper converge is another arrow in our quiver, it’s for the second half of the year. But, we have multiple ways to accelerate the momentum of our business through the fiscal year, and we feel very confident about that.
George Kurian: As I said, I think HCI is one of many avenues for growth of NetApp. Our approach to HCI is to deliver enterprise-grade data services and modular flexibility that allows customers to deploy production workloads and mixed infrastructures on an HCI is different from the first generation HCI vendors. And so, we have had early demos and feedback from partners who are excited about it. Clearly, we got to get in the market and start to accelerate momentum, once we are in the market, but we feel good so far, clearly differentiated approach just like we brought to the solid-state storage market where we have already for the enterprise customers used the solid-state technology, not the early adopter niche providers. And so, we feel good about where we are.
George Kurian: I think it’s early to comment about the specifics of the Microsoft relationship. We will have more news later this calendar year. We are really excited about the collaboration because it is multi-faceted. On the cloud side, it’s developing new cloud data services based on NetApp ONTAP innovation that will be offered on the Azure cloud. And it will allow us to not only enable our customers to be successful in hybrid cloud architectures and deployment, but also will bring multiple competitors workloads to NetApp infrastructure on-premises as well as to the public cloud. On-premises, we have agreed to engineering collaboration to deliver an integrated solution architecture that combines Azure and Azure stock with NetApp ONTAP, so that customers can unlock greater value from their data and speed the migration of enterprise apps to that next-generation architecture. And we are also working with Microsoft on integrating our data fabric technology, technologies like our FabricPool, automated storage tiering technology, or to enable our Cloud Control, backup archival and compliance solution for Office 365, so it’s a broad-based multidimensional relationship, and we think that it will be a substantial differentiator for us in the market and is going to be sustainably differentiated for multiple years on a very, very broad basis. So stay tuned. We are really excited to tell you more as the services come to market.
George Kurian: We feel very good about our position. As we said, we have differentiated technology partnerships and pathways to market across three or four very large markets that are in the early innings of their development, all-flash arrays, converged infrastructure and hybrid cloud. I think what we are focused on is executing, executing flawlessly. You’ve seen us post good numbers. We’ve got do that through the course of this year, and we see accelerating momentum as we said, through the second half of this year. And you know what, we’ll provide more guidance as we see the execution plans play out. But so far, we feel extremely good. And as we said, we are substantial and differentiated technology leadership against competitors, both big and small, and they’ve got a long way to catch us.
George Kurian: The last time we updated you guys, it was till the end of our calendar year; this time, it’s till the end of our fiscal year. So, we’ve got good technological and commercial relationships with the leading NAND suppliers and we’ve got supply assured till the end of our fiscal year. With regard to the question on sales compensation execution. Listen, we’re pleased with the results and our sales team’s done a real good job. We’re one quarter in, we’ve got to do that a few more quarters in a row, and then we’ll be very confident. So, we feel good about the start.
George Kurian: I’m excited by what fiscal year 2018 brings. Customers and industry leaders are also excited by our strategic direction. And increasingly, they are choosing NetApp as their partner for data-driven digital transformation. We delivered a strong start to the year and introduced substantial innovation across our portfolio, and we will introduce even more exciting innovations at our Insight User Conference in Las Vegas in October. We are building on a strong foundation and are with that question the best positioned and the best executing company in the industry. We have technology leadership that’s differentiated and sustainable in several large markets like all-flash rays, converged infrastructure and the hybrid cloud that are in the early innings of their evolution across the enterprise IT landscape. And we have accelerating momentum on the top-line and leveraging our business model that is using solid results on the bottom line. With our scale, talent, technologies and partnerships, we have the unique position to lead the industry and I am even more confident than ever in our future. I want to thank the NetApp team for your laser focus, commitment to transformation and the execution results that we are delivering together. I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Ron Pasek: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So we -- I touched on this last quarter as well. Just a reminder, our services revenue is made up of a waterfall and annuity if you will over the last three, four years of transactions. We did make some pricing changes, both at the beginning of FY 2017 and actually back into 2013; we lowered ASPs to become more competitive. However, as you saw that did not affect our services margins. In fact, the services margins have increased the last several quarters. Added to that, we had several years before Q3 of last year of product revenue declines, we have turned that around; that should help in the second half of this year. And we did have some service execution issues in this back half of FY 2017. So, we have largely focused on place on renewal execution issues. And that’s why I am confident as we continue this fiscal year, the headwind will lessen, and I think you will see services revenue turn around and get back to growth in Q1 of 2019.
Ron Pasek: So, Wamsi, no, the attach rate is no different on all flash versus spinning disk. And no, it had nothing to do with why service was down. It really was ASP which we did, we planned on doing, and to some extent renewal execution from last year which affects this year more than anything else.
Ron Pasek: Yes, it’s just some calendarization and no structural issues. As I mentioned, full year OpEx is only up slightly, essentially just for merit increases.
Ron Pasek: So, I think we were pretty clear that one other focus areas for us was product margins. We believe that we were not executing as well as we thought. We did make some changes to compensation as George indicated. I think at our Analyst Day, I didn’t give specific guidance on where product margins would leave -- would end up. But I do think we’re executing well. I think what you’ll see is baked in some of the guidance we gave for the full year of the 62% to 63%. And ultimately, I think that when we have our Analyst Day next year, I’ll give you guide on FY 2019. But I still think we have some ways to go.
Ron Pasek: I would just add that what we talked about at Analyst Day was that transformation was not an event that something we do ongoing. So, we believe we still have work to do; that’s why we believe we can hold our cost structure roughly flat.
Ron Pasek: Yes. Sorry, Steven. I think what you’ll see on mix is that a portion of product revenue -- product margin to total revenue margin will be up in Q2. Service revenue is basically flat, which are higher revenue and higher margin -- I am sorry, higher margin. So, the mix question really is just between product and services margin, and it’s a slight headwind to margin in Q2, still above the 63% but a slight headwind. And what I said was, as you go to through the year, product revenue continues to grow, so all things being equal, it is a little bit of a headwind to margin on the total margin basis.
Ron Pasek: Yes. No, I think what I was trying to say, Sherri, is that it is simply the mix of product margin versus services margin in the second half is much higher that puts a little pressure on the overall margin rate. But the product margins that you are seeing in Q1 and what’s implied in Q2 should hold. So, I think what we are saying is it’s just a mix issue between the products and services margins. That’s it.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So, -- and I touched on this at the Analyst Day; there was a question about whether we would be in more debt to complete the share repurchase program that we have in place. And we did in fact acquired about $400 million more in commercial paper. And that’s simply to complete that commitment. We have about $644 million left which we should be done with rest of that by the end of May of 2018.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So, Mark, when you sell a new system, be it flash or anything else, you sell a three-year service contract. You recognize the revenue ratably every month over the life of that contract. So, yes, our attach rate on these systems is actually quite good. But it doesn’t move the services number to any great extent because it’s a huge number to move. So, most of the variance you are seeing is as I said, pricing changes we made several years ago, and then renewals on other things coming up for renewal that are older systems where we have improved our execution but did have some execution issues in the second half of last year.
Ron Pasek: So, let’s start with inventory. So, inventory has a normal seasonal pattern; it should decrease from Q4, because that’s our highest quarter. What I tried to articulate in my prepared remarks is we did -- if you look at inventory year-over-year, Q1 this year versus last year, it could go up and simply and mostly because of positions we did take on the end supply. So that was conscious and something we thought the right thing to do. I’ll start on the compensation. So, I think typically what we see is, when we pay people to do things, they do them. And I think in this case, we had what we said is we had paid some of sales management to focus on gross margin and this year we’re paying all sales management to focus on gross margin; it’s having a good effect and the intended effect.
Ron Pasek: What I said in my remarks is that we have secured supply to now the end of our fiscal year. So, until April of next year.
