George Kurian: We saw growth in the cloud business from a lot of new customers new to NetApp where about half of our new to NetApp customers for the quarter came through our cloud business and a good chunk of the cloud customers were new workloads, meaning new wallet in accounts where we have presence. So the substitution of on-prem workloads to the public cloud was the smallest part of the growth of our overall cloud business. We are seeing the use of cloud increasingly for disaster protection and business continuum purposes. We’ve had several wins during the quarter where customers combine our on-premise all-flash array business with a flexible disaster protection copy in the cloud. So we’re very, very pleased with the progress in our cloud business. Our hyperscalers are helping us scale. We’re getting new logos, new wallets in existing customers and building new architectures for customers as well.
George Kurian: We’ve always said that we are moving customers’ most important workloads to the cloud. So these workloads are incredibly sticky once they’re deployed in the cloud, but they require planning and deliberations before you do that. What we saw through the course of the quarter again was sequential acceleration of our cloud storage business where not only did our business with Microsoft grow, but our business with the other hyperscalers were also up to really good starts. We are seeing the software-based solutions which complement the high-performance Azure NetApp Files use cases growing nicely and our acquisitions are allowing us access to net new customers and new wallets, the compute wallet [indiscernible] desktop as a service wallet in customer. So I couldn’t be more pleased about the progress. We will tell you more about the long-term expectations of our cloud business at our Virtual Analyst Day.
George Kurian: The second question that you had asked was about the productivity of the team that we hired. They are deployed and they are contributing well to our business. You see that strength in both for the enterprise storage systems in software business as well as the growing contribution of our cloud business. So we’re pleased we’re off to a good start and we’re excited that the momentum that those heads add to our business.
George Kurian: The July quarter did not include any transactional revenue from the extra week. We had about 40 million as we explained in our prepared remarks from the services revenue in the July quarter due to the extra week. With regard to the October quarter, I’ll just say at a high level we see the October quarter relatively the same from a macro perspective and a demand perspective that we see in the current quarter. So I would say that you’re looking at the business more on a sequential basis rather than a year-on-year basis. We have continued to monitor the market. I would tell you that it’s hard for me to predict the seasonality of our business. And so we’re giving you an outlook on a quarterly basis. And so far what we see in the October quarter is somewhat similar to what we see in the July quarter.
George Kurian: Kubernetes is a technology that grows very quickly as the new way to deploy applications and manage infrastructure. NetApp has excellent solutions for customers who are building applications using containers and Kubernetes. We have two of those solutions that work in concert; the persistent storage solution both using our Trident software and Project Astra provide customers really capable application data management capabilities, and the technology that we acquired with Spot allows customers to really optimize the cost and the effectiveness of their Kubernetes application environment. So we’re really excited. We have some state-of-the-art solutions that customers are adopting and we’ll tell you more about it on our Virtual Analyst Day.
George Kurian: And the compute optimization that we acquired with Spot that is particularly helpful in Kubernetes environment.
George Kurian: Our all-flash array business was powered by two key things. The first is the strength of our technology, both the differentiation that we have with flash objects storage as an archival tier and hybrid cloud. And the second is the trust and confidence that the world’s biggest companies are placing in NetApp. So we took several data center environments in large customers away from competitors like Hitachi and most importantly Dell. The power stored product that they have brought to market is not being well received by customers and we are displacing them in several accounts. All flash will continue to be a growing part of the total storage market. It has excellent economics and operational capabilities for customers that the amount of spending customers make on all flash in an absolute dollar sense will of course be a consideration of the macroeconomic environment and IT landscape. We will tell you more about our outlook for the storage market at Virtual Analyst Day. What I’m confident about is that with the focus and operational execution that we now have in the field, we are going to be in a strong position to gain share in the all-flash array market.
George Kurian: Our installed base continues to grow and the fact that with strong growth rates in all-flash array, we move the penetration 1% at a time is just a dimension of the magnitude of our growing installed base. These are very, very big installed base numbers you’re talking about. One flash array replaces a few disk-based systems, but I think that what we see as the face of adoption is really a representation of customer spend, right, their propensity to spend. Our view is that flash, as I just mentioned, will continue to be a priority for customers in terms of the wallet that they spend on storage. They will spend more in flash than on disk-based systems. There are more cost effective technologies that will continue to increase that percentage of the total market, but there will always be a place for disk-based hybrid flash systems as well. I think if you were to try to take an expectation, I would say that listen, over several quarters, we increased the percentage of our installed base 1% to 2% sequentially, right. And so we’re focused on it. It’s a large runway ahead and it’s an asset that continues to provide us good opportunities to sell more value to customers.
George Kurian: With regard to the revenue picture, I think we’re just communicating that we’re taking it a quarter at a time. It’s a volatile environment. We’ve had a good start to the year. And we’re not clear whether the traditional sequential seasonality patterns apply right now. So what I’ll tell you is, we’re not guiding a full year. We’re giving you the best outlook we see and we’re being cautious, right. That’s really the summary.
George Kurian: I’ll just give you a quick summary. From a segment perspective, clearly the larger enterprises where we have strong footprint was the sources of our growth. Small and medium customer is not a material part of our business. And you’ve heard the commentary from several players in the IT industry, which is similar to what we see. They are challenged. We are picking up some of those small and medium customers through our cloud business where our offerings are more tailored to cash-constrained smaller companies. With regard to the geographies, essentially we had strong performance in the Americas market, driven by the strength in the largest enterprises in the Americas and our APAC region also performed well. I think the APAC region is reflective of some of those economies starting to recover from the really hard times of COVID, but we are being cautious and it’s early. I think in terms of the types of transactions we saw, we did see growth in larger transactions. And what I said was, people are moving beyond business continuity to now transformational projects and investing in those. And so we benefitted from some of those.
George Kurian: These headcount reductions are never easy to make and we take care and consideration when we decide to make those changes. Those changes were driven by the strategic alignment and focus that we have to prioritize our resources in the core storage systems and software business as well as accelerating our public cloud services business. We realigned about 5.5% of our workforce and those were in parts of the business – in all the functions of the business, but in those parts of the business that were not particularly aligned to our go-forward priorities. SolidFire, yes, I can confirm was part of the team impacted. We are narrowing our focus with the SolidFire and HCI portfolio to the high margin parts of the market as we have signaled on prior calls.
George Kurian: We made some cost improvement in our cloud services portfolio in the storage platform that allowed our customers to adopt cheaper and more cost effective tiers. This is similar to what hyperscalers do periodically. And so that did affect some of our customers on our existing cloud business choosing to deploy onto a lower cost tier. So it wasn’t like we didn’t add more customers and add more revenue. We did move some of our capacity within the quarter to a lower cost tier. That is pretty much the majority of the gap that you’re seeing on a sequential basis.
George Kurian: I think that we are a disciplined acquirer both for strategic, cultural and economic fit. We’ve been clear that we have a broad range of interest but software and cloud centric would be the two key filters that we would look at in terms of transactions. As we’ve also said, we are skeptical about doing big large transactions. I think those are far and few between. And so the majority of our investigations are more smaller transactions that you would see.
George Kurian: It’s all a matter of prioritization. We run a disciplined P&L and within that P&L we have opportunities to deploy resources. We are covering the biggest enterprises through our direct portfolio and our direct sales reps. The small, medium business we see an opportunity to address through the cloud in a very differentiated and economically scalable manner. And so you’ll see us continuing to focus there. So it’s a matter of prioritization of where we spend our resources and being disciplined about it.
George Kurian: Thank you for your question. We meet customers across the board. As I said, the number of executive briefings and senior executive interactions that I’ve had over the last six months have been higher than at any time before because I can be on – in a single day in multiple time zones across the globe. What we see predominately is that the world at large is operating in a subdued mostly working from home model, especially in the IT buyers and the knowledge workers in our customer base. We think that that will continue. In fact, NetApp has already signaled to our employees a few weeks ago that we are going to be working from home till July of next calendar year. And so we do see this idea of our customers digitizing their businesses for both internal collaboration as well as customer interaction becoming a priority, we see the deployment of cloud together with on-premises as a needed catalogue of IT services and we have been saying that that would happen for a long period of time, and we’re going to take advantage of it.
George Kurian: One of the other items that we had in the EPS for Q2 on a year-on-year basis was the interest expense related to the debt rate. So Mike and I are giving you sort of the big moving parts. I think as we said, that’s a way for you to understand the compare between Q1 and Q2 EPS.
George Kurian: The cloud data services sales team is a group of experts that we’ve hired with cloud backgrounds. They are focused on working closely with the hyperscalers, meaning Microsoft, Amazon and Google and selling us alongside their team as well as working with the NetApp sales team to get our installed base of customers who adopt our cloud portfolio. We’re pleased. We’re one quarter into the organization, but they’ve clearly had an impact and we’re looking forward to continuous success from them.
George Kurian: We’ve had a good start to Keystone. Keystone is selectively available to customers in some of our geographies. We will be making it more broadly available this coming quarter. And so we’ll invite you to come to our INSIGHT User Conference to hear more. We’ve had several comparative wins this quarter with Keystone and Keystone as you said correctly is a good complement to our public cloud services. So a customer that has a temporary workload or wants to move an entire business process to the public cloud can choose the public cloud. And if there’s a portion of that business process or there’s a complementary infrastructure that they want to have deployed and run within their data center for compliance reasons or for integration to other applications, they can use Keystone and get a single experience from their data center to the public cloud. So we’re pleased with the progress. You’ll hear more about Keystone from us at our User Conference.
George Kurian: Typically what happens when commodity prices go up is that we and others in the industry pass them along to customers because we typically do not hedge the commodity. We pass along the cost of SSDs through to customers when they go up or when they go down. Clearly in the COVID time that is not something we want to do. Our customers need us to be good partners and so we’ve been careful about having them bear the brunt of the price increases. With regard to competitive take up and displacements, they are always a portion of our go-to-market model and we have the capabilities within our gross margin model to be aggressive in certain cases and not as aggressive in others, and we’re going to continue to focus on maintaining discipline there.
George Kurian: What Spot does is both for traditional applications as well as for cloud-native applications, it identifies the pattern of behavior of that application and finds the optimized compute environment to run that application most cost effectively. So it is entirely complementary and we are very good partners, for example, with Amazon where we tell customers use the right compute tier in Amazon so that they can run more compute for the same money on the Amazon tier. We see Spot as complementary to all of our cloud providers and frankly cloud complementary to VMware. It is optimizing the run time environment for customers regardless of what version of Kubernetes they use, which class provider they run on and whether they’re using a traditional application or a cloud-native application. What is also allows us to do is now because we can optimize compute and storage, we are able to address 70% of a typical customer’s cloud bill and optimize a substantial amount of that cloud bill. So now we are much more strategically relevant to customers as a result of us having Spot in our portfolio.
George Kurian: I think we see larger enterprises increasingly doing two things. One is exploiting data to understand and serve their customers better. That’s an enduring generational trend. We also see them deploying hybrid cloud landscape so that they can serve their own employees who are working from home or extend the reach of their businesses to consumers who no longer can come into their offices. And we are extremely well positioned for both those trends. I think what we see in the large enterprise is they have the financial resources and the strategic runway to make those decisions and in fact now rather than have to necessarily wait for COVID, and that’s where we saw the segment-related pattern of our business morph a little bit.
George Kurian: Thank you for being with us this afternoon. In the face of the current macro uncertainty, we continue to make strategic moves that position us well for the long term while maintaining operational discipline. Our rich data-centric software innovation is the foundation from which we have customers thrive in a hybrid cloud world. We bring enterprise-grade data services to the cloud and the simplicity and flexibility at the cloud to the enterprise data center. No matter where a customer is on their hybrid cloud journey, NetApp can help them achieve their goals. I hope you will join us at our Virtual Analyst Day where we’ll talk more about how we help customers unlock the best of cloud for their digital transformation. Stay safe and be well. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Sure, Rod. So on the first one on ELA – so it lasted until the second question, so that’s good. What I would say is we told you last quarter that we are not going to discuss ELAs. My comment there would be if we do anything of significance size, you absolutely will see it in the financial statements, you’ll see it in margin and also now with us breaking out software revenue as a part of product revenue, you’ll also see it there. So you’ll be able to track that for any significant ELAs going forward. On core product, so we’ve guided to a pretty consistent core product margin as it relates to the areas that we discussed, NAND pricing as well as COVID pricing. Given the uncertainty in the economy, we are conservatively assuming something relatively similar going forward. We do expect there to be a little bit of help on NAND pricing as we go through the rest of the year, but that’s a little out of our control, Rod. It’s really based on industry supply and demand.
Mike Berry: Okay. Hi, Sam. It’s Mike. I’ll take the first one. So when you look at the guide for OpEx, the midpoint of the guide about 660, last year we did about 631, so I’ll do a year-over-year for you is that the acquisitions will add about 20 million of expenses year-over-year. So that is something obviously new year-over-year and that’s all three of them together. We will have higher variable pay. Last year from a bonus and a commission perspective, the accruals were quite low given the performance. And then that will be offset by about 15 million of savings from the restructuring. Keep in mind that that’s only two of three months that we’ll get the credit for. So that’s your year-over-year walk on OpEx.
Mike Berry: Hi, Tim. It’s Mike. So great question. So a couple of things in there to jump into. One is and you’ll see in the press release, we do include in the non-GAAP section some descriptions of how we come up with that revenue. It’s basically the estimated fair value allocation of those transaction prices based on what we’ve done with our customers similar to how we have to allocate revenue across the board. So there’s a good explanation in there, but it’s basically an estimated fair value of those components. The software and hardware components will move around a little bit. You mentioned ELA. That will certainly have an influence on what goes into each quarter. If you remember how those were accounted for back when we had a good number of those. From a margin perspective, I think you can assume that it’s going to be typical software margins as it relates to our business as well. So it’s going to be higher than the product margin average and the hardware will be lower. But I’ll also caution that really depends by product. It’s going to move around a little bit. So we want to break it out to your great question so that we can also start highlighting the growth of software maintenance because those will move together. And as we continue to sell more AFF, our expectations that we would expect the component of software and the resulting software maintenance would also increase as a percentage. So hopefully that helps. Thanks for that question.
Mike Berry: Okay. It’s Mike. So I’ll take the first one before George does the second one. So two things you hit on. One is it relates to the margin. When you back out the 40 million from the extra week, that lowers the percentage of gross margin dollars coming from services. So that will naturally bring down the total gross margin. The other thing is, it’s not a huge mover but it’s a little mover. As we do more cloud at this point, that has a small pull down impact on the services gross margin because those margins while increasing every quarter nicely are still a little below the services average. So those are the mechanics to think about when you look at Q2 total gross margin.
Mike Berry: Hi, Steve. It’s Mike. So I will take that. So as we talked about on the last call when we decided to put the share buyback on hold, it was really we needed to be able to see a lot more firmly the economic recovery, the timeline as well as the depth. And while we’re starting to feel better about the year, there’s still a whole bunch of uncertainty. And as George talked about, there’s still a lot of economic uncertainty. So for us, we need to be more comfortable about the recovery, the timeline of the recovery and then as well making sure that we are prudently managing our cash from a domestic and international perspective. All of that would weigh into it. This is the reason why we went out and did the opportunistic debt raise is to make sure that we had cash going forward. Also as we discussed in the last call, we also want to make sure that we are looking very hard at share buyback versus growing the business through again disciplined M&A and that will also play into it as well, Steven. And then I guess wanted to note very firmly we are very committed to the dividend and we want to make sure to maintain that, and that’s another reason why we pulled back on the share buybacks.
Mike Berry: Sure. Jim, thanks for the question. It’s Mike. A couple of pieces there. In the prepared remarks, we wanted to make sure that when you compared the Q1 EPS number with the Q2 guide that you took into account the impact of the additional OpEx from the acquisitions as well as the 14th week, there was just a good number of moving parts there. So that’s why we did focus on that in the commentary. And then yes, certainly from a year-over-year perspective as it relates to OpEx has obviously a lot to do with the revenue guide and where we are as well as us wanting to make sure that we continue to invest in the growth areas. So I didn’t want to be confusing on that. Just wanted to make sure as you looked at Q1 to Q2 that you also took into account some of those large muscle movers.
