Nicholas R. Noviello: Shebly, Nick Noviello here. Good to talk to you. So thanks for the question. So on product gross margin, recall that we were at 51.4% last quarter, up to 53.6% this quarter. There's always going to be a combination of things going on. Absolutely, more highly configured systems in the quarters will drive product gross margins north. We've talked in Q1, Q4, Q3 into last year about the impact of drive pricing and the fact that we would expect that drive pricing impact to start mitigating. And it did start mitigating this quarter. There is still a little bit there, but it's nothing like what was there in the prior 3. So there's a combination of things that had impacted us. In addition, I would point out that the branded business was up this quarter, the OEM business was not. So you've got a combination of what we're selling to customers, be it highly configured. You've got OEM versus branded, you've got drive pricing. All of those work together. In terms of what we would expect to go forward, the guidance would anticipate that our product gross margins are at or a little bit above this type of level. So the 53s are in the math, if you will, for the guidance range for the quarter 3. So -- and versus what we showed at our Financial Analyst Day, which was an approximate 55 over time, we feel like we're making progress and expect to continue to make progress towards that over time.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And Ben, it's Nick. I would add to that, and Tom talked about several areas. Consistent with what we've done here, we forecast a go forward at a very granular area-based methodology around the world, around all of those sectors, around all of those selling geographies that we present to you, build that up and then look at it as well from a top-down perspective with the macro. So we bring all of those pieces together in terms of the guidance we give and the guidance we gave you this time.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, okay. Thank you, Brian. So a couple points just to keep in mind. 6 months year-to-date, we've done just under $350 million in share repurchase. Our authorization was down to about $148 million, so we re-upped with the board the authorization. And I made -- I mentioned in the prepared remarks about a substantial amount of repurchase over a period of time. In terms of the go-forward, repurchase is one of the things we do in our capital allocation strategy and philosophy. I went through in our Financial Analyst Day in June the approach we've taken from the periods FY '07 to '12 and shown balance really in capital allocation, with the most important piece being investing in the business. And then investing through capital purchase and acquisition and then repurchase and return of capital to shareholders. We want to be able to do all of those things. This repurchase authorization is just another part of the puzzle. Our primary strategy is to ensure that we offset any dilution from employee issuance and employee plans, that is the primarily strategy. However, we reserve to do more or less as value or time permits or other things happen. So we want to be able to do all those things. Your point on the debt, that is something that's coming. We know that the period ends in June, and we know that we have -- we will be retiring that convertible note. And then we have a variety of options, basically retiring it as is and/or then going out and re-upping debt. Frankly, every one of those things are available to us. We're going to maintain that stance. And as we move forward, we'll let you know what our plans are.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think -- I don't think that we're an outlier, so I wouldn't be so sure that the industry is growing faster than that. We didn't see a dramatic mix in the type of systems that we sell or in pricing. And you can see in gross margin that, that held up. So I don't see really anything really dynamic in that mix. So I just think that we're looking at a growth rate in this industry that's not as high as it's been in a while. None of the major player storage businesses. In fact, most of them are underwater. So I think growth is lower, and I think you're seeing it reflected there. But I wouldn't say that there's anything specific about our business that has changed that would indicate those -- that you should expect to see something different in that particular dimension. I think the product mix stayed substantially the same, probably more of a skew towards the lower end, which might have a little bit lower capacity, but we've had that skew before. So I think nothing dramatic has changed. Probably just a little bit more of a mix of the lower-end units is probably -- for what impacted the number, that would probably it. But I would say nothing fundamental is different about our business.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I'm not going to preannounce any products. I really don't think that there was a pause in the revenue, in the face of the new products coming along. I would venture to guess that there was probably some partners and some accounts that may have held off, but I wouldn't say it was material. So I wouldn't bake in some type of depression of last quarter's numbers and some uptick in this quarter's number. I think we see a product refresh. Product refreshes are good for the business. We've certainly seen the impact of the 3000 family refresh as favorable to us, and that's reflected in our guidance going forward. So overall, I don't think that there was a pause. I don't think it had that big of an impact. Probably some, but I wouldn't change the numbers as a result of it.
Thomas Georgens: So Flash Accel, I think, is something we're talking to customers about now, but Flash Accel is not shipping at this point in time. So what we see is the other elements of the portfolio, which are indeed robust. Flash Pool, which we announced last quarter, I believe, and Flash Cache before that. So clearly, the challenge in front of us is how do we optimize price performance. And the way to optimize price performance is put the high utilized data on the Flash and the less utilized data on less expensive disks, typically serial ATA. And I think that's really what we're trying to do. And it's how do we do that, whether it be server-level cache, which is where Flash Accel will fit in; controller-level cache, disc-level cache and the data management to optimize the data placement. So you can have true discrimination of price/performance between the highly valuable, highly in-demand data and the less important, more archive-oriented data. I think that's the value add that we provide. So as I think about our Flash strategy in the long run, I do believe that Flash will exist at every level of the hierarchy, including perhaps even more levels than currently exist. But overall, I think that in order to not be just a niche product around specific individual workloads, the real challenge is how do I manage the full hierarchy across my enterprise? And from NetApp's point of view is that no matter where the storage lies, whether it be on Flash or hard disk, we want Data ONTAP to be management tool to manage that ultimately and basically optimize the price/performance infrastructure-wide and ultimately enterprise-wide. So it's kind of how we see it. I think we're excited about Flash. I think we have a lot of momentum, and I think it's actually been a key selling point. And of a lot of our products at this point, it’s in every unit item.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think you should think about Cache IQ as more of a technology tuck-in. We got a talented, proven engineering team, and we have some interesting technology that we want to integrate. So as we think about that technology going forward, it's really more about the intellectual property and how it can be integrated to what we currently sell to really go after certain use cases that we currently have. So as far as a stand-alone product, our primary focus frankly is integration to our broader IP set. So I think -- think about this is a technology tuck-in and a proven, talented engineering team.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. Overall, I think we see the same thing that you see. I think we're fully pleased about how the quarter played out for us, but that doesn't mean that we are seeing the same dynamic that everybody else is seeing. Difficulty getting big deals trends -- closed, obviously. Lengthening of sales cycles. But I think that we haven't been sitting idle. We've been working very, very hard over the last 6 months really to build pipeline, to expand our channel relationships. So I think the macro is the same for everybody. I think that your guess is probably as good as mine. We've got a fiscal cliff, we have Hurricane Sandy rebound. We have all those things, so we took our best guess and rolled it into our forecast. But the other component here is clearly what we see in our own business relative to pipeline, the breadth of our channel. We clearly had very, very strong acceptance of the new product. Our alliance partnership with Cisco has been very, very successful for us. FlexPod, obviously a lot of momentum, and the expansion of our channel. So for us, I think we worked very, very hard on all of those fronts and just plain execute better as a company. So when I look forward, I wouldn't say that we are predicting any better macroenvironment than anybody else. I just think that there are things under our control that we're doing better now than we were 6 months ago, and I think that's what's reflected in the guidance we just gave.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think if you just look at the geographic bookings, last quarter we were up in APAC and down everywhere else. This quarter, from a booking perspective, we were up everywhere. So I think generally modest increase across the board. As far as APAC is concerned, I don't think it's possible to make a general APAC statement. We've got countries that are doing very, very well; Japan, China, good growth rates. We have other regions that are not doing as well. So I think Japan -- Asia Pac is actually very, very uneven for us. And frankly, even in the U.S. I'd say the same thing. I think that there are segments -- I talked about the telco service provider business that has been doing well for us. But beyond that, I would say it's not really that sector-specific. We've got companies in sectors that are doing well with us and companies that aren't doing well. So it's very, very uneven. And I'd say that's probably the trend around the world. As far as government spending, I think U.S. government spending was better than a lot of people had feared, but it wasn't like it was up 20% either. So I think we'll stay in this range. We'll see how this fiscal cliff plays out. But I'm not really expecting it to get worse than where it is today. I think government spending is going to be aggressive across the board no matter how the fiscal cliff plays out, and I don't think it's going to take another step down from here. On a global basis, I would say that government businesses globally are probably a little bit more challenging and probably not as little -- not as stable as the U.S. government. So overall, I expect unevenness. I expect to see our big accounts to have an account-by-account story. The telco service providers remain strong. I think Cisco said something similar last night. And Asia Pacific, similarly, I think country-by-country. And I'd say the same about Europe. I think one of the things that helped us is while the Southern European countries are important to our strategy in the long run, they are not big contributors to the number today. And I think we've been doing better in the mature environments, U.K., France and Germany in particular, and I think that's helped us ride it through. On a constant-currency basis, we were up 7% year-over-year in EMEA. And I think under the circumstances, that's a pretty strong performance.
Thomas Georgens: No. I wouldn't say anything had really changed. I think some of our -- I could see a few things in the mix relative to certain customer activity, but I wouldn't say that anything dramatically has changed. And I'd say that's probably within a statistical range. I think it bounced back next quarter. But all things considered, I think that the product mix was typical of our Q2.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think in the original category of the technology tuck-in, I think you should expect to see -- do those and do those continuously. In fact, just as we get bigger, you'd probably see them at a modestly increasing rate. So I think as we get bigger, you'll continue to see us do technology tuck-in-type acquisitions and things to kind of expand our portfolio and integrate with our core technology. I think that will continue at a roughly regular pace, probably slightly increasing over the past, simply because of our size. As far as bigger acquisitions that are material to the revenue flow, I think those are going to be asynchronous events that are going to be very opportunistic in nature. That'll be a function of availability. That'll be a function of price. That'll be a function of executability. So I wouldn't say that the pace of those will either pick up or decline. I just think there they're going to be very, very opportunistic in nature, and our stance regarding those has not changed. So tuck-in acquisitions, I think you should continue to expect them perhaps at a slightly increasing pace. As far as bigger deals that are material to the revenue stream in the near term, I would expect those to be very opportunistic and they could happen or not happen. And I wouldn't put any frequency number on that, nor would I assume that our strategy has changed if we don't do one in a while.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I'd say first -- well, I look at the numbers constantly. And constantly means many, many, many times a day. And we primarily look for, at least what I look for, is basically year-over-year performance. But I would say that I would not apply too much science to that methodology, and there's still a lot of variability at deal timing and calendarization and things of that nature. If I had just a general trend, I would say that the quarter started a little slow and finished stronger. But I probably would not want to put any more color to it than that. And as far as a specific slowdown in September, we did not see that. But like I said, I would not apply too much scientific rigor to our data points. But generally, we finished stronger than we started.
Thomas Georgens: So I think there's a few things at play. One of them is their investment in the business. As they seek for growth engines to their business, they need to look who in their partner base they believe they can get some leverage from. And then how could we work together to go after that? So I think that we've put together some activities with both Arrow and Avnet. And as a result of what we've been seeing, that I think they're starting to pay dividends for us. I think -- from another point of view, clearly, some of that business is business that they generate. Some of it is migration of existing partners to them. So there's a balance of that as well. I think that overall, we're completely committed to the fact that our business is looking to get leverage and leverage out of our partner community. And I think that there's a lot of trust that's been built up over the years, and there's a lot of ability to co-invest over the long term with those guys. So I think as we look to what are we going to do to expand our channels, clearly we've seen competitive threats from other people that we needed to respond to in a constructive way. And I think we've been a lot of that. And our big objective last quarter was to build pipeline. And one of the ways we do that clearly is in our direct accounts, but also just getting more leverage through our channel partners. So I would say that it's not a coincidence that it's increased. It's been an area of focus. It's been an area of investment, and they certainly have done a good job with us. And as we look for opportunities to grow, clearly their coverage helps us. And likewise, as they look for opportunities to grow, they're looking for a technology provider that they can basically be successful with, with their account base. So I think both of those have happened. And it's not just there. Clearly, internationally as well, working on expanding our channels and our channel relationships. And clearly, the OEM business as well. So I think overall, it isn't a statistical anomaly. I think we've worked very, very hard on a number of fronts over the last 6 months, and I think we're starting to see some impact.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I don't want to say forever. But I think the simple fact of the matter is, is that storage spending at the end of the day is budget-limited. It's not capacity-limited. I don't know if I've ever met a company that stored every bit of storage they wish they could store. They store what they can afford to store. And when they're under budget pressure, they will make other trade-offs, one of which is to turn on more of our storage efficiency technology. We certainly saw that to a great extent in the last downturn, and I'm certain we see it to some extent this downturn. So that would be one of the things, is basically fully leverage the technology they've already bought. The other side of that clearly is that they keep data around for less periods of time or keep data on top, keep less copies of the data. And the consequence of that is the utilization of the data, whether it be for data warehousing or decision-making or decision-support or things of that nature. So at the end of the day, I think that yes, there's a natural data growth of the creation of new data. But that doesn't mean that spending goes up automatically. I can speak from a CEO's perspective, we don't sit around and say we love to invest in R&D, we love to invest in sales and marketing but we can't because we have to spend money on storage. What's more likely is we invest in our priorities and then hand the budget down to IT. So I do believe that storage is a consumable. And as a result, it puts enormous pressure on IT in that scenario. So I do expect that storage will outperform the other sectors within IT, but I wouldn't pretend that storage can overpower IT spending indefinitely. So I do believe that IT spending does modulate storage spend. But I do also believe that storage would be a disproportionate amount of the IT spend.
Thomas Georgens: No doubt that there is deferrals of deals, particularly big deals. And to be fair, we certainly had deferrals last quarter into the quarter we just recorded. So there is clearly some of that flow going on. And the other dynamic is people will buy the minimum necessary to continue to advance their business, and that will drive some migration towards smaller systems. And I think we've seen that also. So as I think about the business, clearly, IT people are under pressure, storage being a consumable. I think utilization rates are going up. And I would agree that eventually, that pressure has to be released. And the question is, will it be released all at once or a little at a time? So I think that will be a function of the overall IT spending umbrella. So I see a lot of scrutiny on big deals and a lot of delays in deals and a lot of movement towards buying just incremental capacity and keep doing what we're doing. So I think all of those things are in play. So I think at some point, that we'll have to relax. And then certainly, when we see some light at the end of the tunnel from a macro perspective, I do expect a lot of pent-up demand. But I believe that we're going to have to see some economic vitality before that becomes a material impact on the business.
Thomas Georgens: I think the most visible thing clearly is FlexPod. There are other products in the Cisco portfolio that NetApp is working with. But what Cisco -- but FlexPod is primarily the big public one that we see. I think we said from the beginning that -- first of all, Cisco and NetApp, I think, are more aligned on technology around storage than some of the other players. I think clearly we see Ethernet-based storage as something that's one of our core competencies and something that we want to promote. And likewise, the same with Cisco. So I think in that perspective, from a technology perspective, we're very, very much aligned. I think from a channel perspective, being that both companies have substantial partner relationships and were primarily indirect, I think we have a lot of synergy in terms of our go-to-market. And I think we've helped them with channel partners that we've had that are now stronger with Cisco. And certainly, the reverse is true where our previous Cisco channel partners who didn't have a lot of interest in storage are now big parts of our go-to-market strategy. And I think the last piece, which we can't be lost on this either, is that I think our focus and our domain is not overlapping with Cisco's strategic intent for a fair period of time. So I think the likelihood of conflict is lower. And therefore, I think there's more sustainability in this relationship also. So I think we're better aligned from a technology vision. I think we're better aligned from a channel vision. And I think there's also sustainability simply because of our different areas of focus. So I think all of those things are not lost on them. But all the strategy talk is all well and good, but I think having 1,600 customers in 2 years and quadrupling year-over-year with FlexPod, that gets a lot of people's attention. So I think more than anything else, I think just a raw business motion says that there is an affinity between the 2 companies and that together, we can make business happen that we couldn't make happen on our own. And I think that's driving this very, very strongly. So I'm excited about where we're going with Cisco. I expect to see more investment from both of us on this. I expect to see us integrating with even more software vendors to basically deliver more complete solutions. And yes, there are other elements of Cisco's portfolio that we're working with them on, on the media space and things like that, that I think will be interesting as time goes on. But in the near future, it's really about FlexPod and expanding that ecosystem.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. And yes, I guess I could add a bunch more. Certainly, it was a complicated quarter in terms of derivative indicators on NetApp, whether it be partners or suppliers or channel relationships, as we go through those. So first and foremost on the channel, I mean clearly, EMC has entered the channel primarily to basically manage the unwind of the Dell relationship, right? The Dell relationship was key to that strategy. EMC had to basically claw that business back somehow. We clearly see them in the channel, and we push in that direction. On the other hand, if you look at the channel momentum and the product cycle through the channel, that's really where the volume and the "big wolf" has been. So do we see them? Absolutely. Are they slowing us down? Clearly, there's a competition out there. But at the end of the day, I think the numbers speak for themselves, and I think we're doing quite well in that particular dimension and I think we're more than holding our own. The Flash strategy, frankly, I guess I would come back to what is exactly is it that they think -- you think they have that we don't. I think that we opened up early about our belief that the primary deployment of Flash in the storage system is in the form of a cache, and I think we opened with that. And we saved ourselves, going down some paths that didn't pan out for our competition, and we turned it into an every unit item and a key differentiator for us. So I think we were right on the technology, we're right on the strategy. I think we executed well. I think more broadly, Flash in the host. I think, just to be really clear what our goal here is, our goal here is to bring things into the data management framework of Data ONTAP. So I think selling PCI plug-in boards at that level, we will do that if necessary, and we will partner with people to do that if necessary. But our end game here is that storage, no matter where it lives, whether it be solid state or hard disk drive, wants to be part of the data management portfolio. And clearly, you'll see other innovation for us going forward. You've seen Flash Pools, which now has hundreds of customers, and that's working out really well for us. So for us, I don't think that we're losing any business because of the Flash story because I don't see what the competitor has that we don't. There will be more instantiations of Flash as time goes on. I think you should expect us to participate in those. And we expect Flash to be an integral part of the story, and it'll be a key for us is integrated with everything else that we do to create a compelling data management that's enterprise-wide for the end user. And I forgot the last one...
Thomas Georgens: I think the start-ups are out there. I think that, not surprisingly, given NetApp's history and entrepreneurial culture, that some NetApp people will go to those. Some people need to scratch that start-up itch, and I get that too. And they're out there and we see them, and we're fighting them aggressively. But I think in the grand scheme of things, though, as we think about how the near to intermediate term plays out, I think winning and gaining share against the traditional market share players is really what's going to determine the trajectory over the next several quarters, and that's really where our focus lies. So you understand the little guys are out there. We certainly have an understanding of what their strengths and weaknesses are, and we are fighting them and taking them seriously. But it's really the major mature players that's really where the battle is and that's where we intend to gain share.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think let's start with the telco service providers in general. And probably a couple of years now, we went out and we formed a vertical, very, very field-focused team to focus on the telcos and the service providers as a fundamental strategy for us. And part of that is to sell into those accounts as typical end users. But the other part is really to go after the service provider business. And in some ways, that has a bit of a OEM feel in that you basically work a while to actually achieve a design in, basically get the design into their architecture, get design into that product set in parallel with their intellectual property development. And that eventually moves to a sell-through where actually they generate paying customers and the volume actually picks up. And I think we're seeing some of that with the 200. It isn't like they all happened last quarter. They've been a long time in make -- in the process. And now they're out in the market. Some will be successful and some aren't, but we're actually seeing material volume from quite a few of those, and those are helping our business. But the seeds of that business were sown quite some time ago. And I think that the work that we've done around creating a telco service provider vertical and field-focused team was really to kind of set the stage for that early on. I think we're starting to see that result. And it's a long lead time, and fortunately we're patient enough to see it, and I think we see some momentum there. As far as the role of the cloud, I think that we're looking at all different types of options, whether it be backup to the clouds, disaster recovery to the cloud, managing the hybrid cloud, some combination of on-trend off-trend data. So I think there are a lot of models that are emerging, including cloud gateways and the store simple case that you talked about. I think it's safe to assume that the cloud will be part of the storage hierarchy of every major customer eventually. And I think it will be to varying degrees, whether it be for proof of concepts or surging or archiving or backup. And I think that being able to work with specific NetApp products and also with our service providers to bridge that, with NetApp content on both ends, is an actual part of our server provider strategy, and is a big part of those 200 design wins that we talked about. So I agree with you that the cloud gateways are going to be important, but I think they are one of many integrations with the cloud to create a hybrid cloud for end users.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I wouldn't say -- as I -- as we look at the service providers and we look at the business that they're providing, I wouldn't say that that's a direct siphoning off of our enterprise business in that direction. I think if we were a dominant market share player, then it would be sort of a conservation of storage, and if it goes one place or the other. But I think that most of the service provider activity that we're doing is incremental to our enterprise business, so I wouldn't make that linkage necessarily. I think that overall, the amount of activity for our enterprise providers, particular around traditional business applications, is still primarily an on-premise activity. I think if they look to the cloud, they're looking for proof of concepts, they're looking for speculative projects, they're looking for bursting of capacity and to the extent that they're going to the cloud today, it's really around archiving and other types of things. So for us, I think that cloud is part of the hierarchy, but I don't necessarily think it's straining off the NetApp workloads. The NetApp workloads, which have high I/O capability, those are going to tend to stay on-premise at least to the big enterprises at least today. So overall, I think that the service provider business is substituting some of the enterprise, but I don't think it's anywhere close to a 1-for-1, or even worse than that is actually generating some subtraction of capacity. I just don't think that that's the case. As far as open stack, I think clearly it's in our best interest as an ecosystem developer and also working with these other players to embrace that technology and also to enable it. I think NetApp has always been a standard space player. And I think as people build cloud services, if we can integrate tightly with that and enable them to accelerate to bring in their products to market, that makes sense for us. I think we can debate where OpenStack is in its maturity curve and how ready it is for prime time. But I do know that a lot of the service providers and a lot of the co-development activity we are doing with service providers, a fair amount of it is, in fact, with the OpenStack framework.
Thomas Georgens: On the backlog question, no. And -- backlog and all those things sort of calculated into the guidance that we give. One thing I would say about the channel is a substantial amount of our business that goes through the channel is demand created by our own people. And probably the classic example of that would be our U.S. Public Sector business. So on the federal side, just about every bit of that business is actually fulfilled through a channel partner. So that business is almost 100% channel, yet in terms of the big transactions, our people are involved. So I wouldn't associate the direct and indirect with touch and low touch. We're involved in a lot of accounts, we engage channel partners, and our expectation for them is that they will take that help and ultimately leverage it in other deals where NetApp is not involved. But March transactions, whether they get fulfilled or not through the channel, have a substantial amount of our own direct people here. So in terms of weakness of direct, I'm not quite sure I would convey that terminology. I don't think I would agree with that. I will say that the big accounts in general are going to look like the macro overall, which is not that impressive. So I think that the growth of the big accounts will tend to be slower than the rest of the business, certainly in the areas where we can do substantial channel expansion. So overall, I think we're probably better covered in the big accounts, so therefore, the commerce expansion there is probably not as great for us. But on the channel, I know that there's substantial numbers of accounts that are out there, particularly in mid-sized business, that have no contact with NetApp or NetApp agents at all, and that's one of the things we want to go after. So basically, I don't really necessarily look as much at the direct versus indirect business. I basically look at the performance of the individual accounts in the large account program and I look at the performance of a broad portfolio of accounts in mid-sized business. And that's more or less how I look at the business, independent of channel.
