Tom Georgens: Yes. I think all things considered, I think things are more or less in line of what we expected. I’d say the thing that’s probably a variance certainly going into this quarter is really the impact of FX. And the FX impact is overwhelmingly on the branded side as opposed to the OEM side given the nature of that business. So I think the trajectory that we talked about for the branded business I think is very, very much intact. It’s certainly modulated by the FX component, so I don’t feel like we’re communicating anything different than what we’ve been saying all along. I think the momentum is there. Certainly the portfolio build just in the last 90 days, you think about the products we just brought to market, literally it will take time to ramp but if I look at the trajectory that we’re on, it’s substantially unchanged. I really don’t have anything to add to the equation expect for the FX impact, which is overwhelmingly on branded.
Tom Georgens: Yes. A point is a real number in a low growth market, so for us if we had that point back, I don’t think we’d be having this discussion.
Tom Georgens: We want to keep to one, so – one question. I think Cloud ONTAP is ONTAP and so depending on your definition of cloud bursting, effectively what it’s going to look like is another instantiation of an ONTAP system. So all of the way that you would manage a system that was on-premise running ONTAP, this would just look like an actual extension of that. So all the SnapMirror technology, all the data moving technology, the multiprotocol, all of those are built into this application. So if cloud bursting is can I run an application here and then can I run instantiation on it in the cloud and can I move my data over with SnapMirror, the answer to that is yes.
Tom Georgens: The answer to that is yes. However, in general you’re going to want the applications in relatively close proximity to the data. So if you had two copies of that data that would be viable, or if you had an application that run for a long time and you can move the data and then run the application. Probably a better alternative to that is actually NetApp private storage. What NetApp private storage is, is you basically have the data on your network and you connect to the high bandwidth pipes to Amazon and Microsoft and now SoftLayer. So effectively you can have one copy of the data and execute on it with your internal computing capabilities and if you need extra compute capabilities on that same piece of data on your network, you can have access to the elastic compute of Amazon, Microsoft or SoftLayer. So in that latter situation, I think that’s a better match for the used case that you decide. There are other used cases for Cloud ONTAP like backup and DR and things of that nature. So I’d say that we have all of those used cases covered in a very, very unique and differentiated way and that’s why there’s so much momentum around this cloud story and a lot of response from the Insight that we just did last week.
Tom Georgens: One thing I’d add is certainly I’d echo Nick’s comments. I think the execution intensity of the company on many fronts, including this one in terms of gross margin generation and likewise engineering and delivery I think had ratchet up dramatically over the course of the last couple of years. But the other thing in terms of long-term guidance on gross margin is, we reserve the right to use that as a competitive knob. We certainly see aging infrastructures of our competitors out there that are not really being refreshed and not really seeing any innovation. And the opportunity to attack them aggressively with now a refreshed Clustered ONTAP and the new offerings that we have and generally a lot of those attacks are not our highest margin transactions on day one. So the ability to use the gross margin strength of the company as a competitive weapon to attack aging infrastructures of our competition is something that we’re going to reserve the right to do. So as we think about our long-term gross margin, not only is it the operational excellence that Nick and the team are driving but it’s also the competitive choices that we’re going to make.
Tom Georgens: This is the third follow up. I think we probably need to keep it fair, otherwise we won’t get to the entire list. I’m sorry.
Tom Georgens: Certainly a year ago we were facing sequestration at the end of the government’s fiscal year and then a shutdown in the month of October when trying to close a quarter. So obviously compared to that, it was a lot more pleasant but frankly it was – I think the team did a really good job there. I would say that federal spending wasn’t massively robust but nonetheless it was much more predictable and much more understandable. And with the 8% year-over-year growth better than on the booking side, I think there’s no doubt that we gained share in that segment. The team continues to execute well. I think going forward, I think that traditional seasonality from quarter-to-quarter is what we would expect. Obviously a change in Congress may have some impact on the funding side but absent that, I think that the federal business pretty much operated on its normal cadence through most of the last year, and I think we got our disproportionate share of it.
Tom Georgens: The short answer to that is yes. I think clearly the trajectory of the business and the underlying relationship there has been problematic for some time. And certainly while this is the latest news, we’ve certainly seen deeper and deeper engagement with Cisco with NetApp around more and more strategic matters going forward around products and co-development and co-marketing, including a lot of joint appearances and a lot of joint events with executives. So, from our perspective, this is just the latest in the news but the trajectory over the last year clearly has been lots more engagement not just on a product side – I should say not just on a sales side but from a product and strategy side going forward and we’re very, very, very closely aligned with Cisco’s strategic initiatives going forward. So I think the answer to that question is yes, but I’d say that that didn’t just start last month with the announcement. I think the announcement was a culmination of a broader transition and we’ve seen that activity over the last year and the results of which you’ll see in the market next year.
Tom Georgens: Well, I think the revenue impact is expected to be up and I think as far as the trend goes, I think they’re on a bunch of different fronts. I think as far as the Clustered ONTAP announcements of 8.3, in a lot of ways that a culmination release of really the last of the major features that have been holding back some of our customers on the transition front, which is particularly Metrocluster. Certain segments of our market have used that to compete and compete effective and have turned it into almost in every unit item and waiting for that has been an important component of that. So I think there’s some pent-up demand there clearly around people have been waiting for that technology as a precondition to consider transition. Now they will transition as equipment ages and equipment comes to end of its usable life, so won’t happen overnight. But I still see that 8.3 will generate the next and last major tranche of people that will begin the transition process. As far as StorageGRID, clearly the opportunity to do Webscale storage is a conversation that we have with a lot of customers, a lot of our service providers both in the U.S. and international. And I think that’s a segment of the market where we had not been able to participate in the past, so I think that opens up new segments to us. FlashRay continuing on the evolution of flash adding to the portfolio EF and all-flash FAS and now FlashRay, so I think that lays out our portfolio there which I think is bigger and broader than anybody’s in the industries. So I think all of that is couched against a challenging economic backdrop. So from our point of view is we’re not going to forecast the macro. Certainly none of the guidance that Nick and I gave you is anticipating any fundamental change in the macro backdrop, but I believe that our competitiveness today in terms of a refresh of our core technology and additions to the portfolio on top of that not to mention the SteelStore acquisition, I think we have a lot more to sell today than we had six months ago even. So I think that bodes well. The rate of the turnaround, clearly there are other factors that we can’t control. All we can control is our pace of innovation, our ability to sell and service customers and I feel really good about that.
Tom Georgens: The latter question is no; no material contribution of SteelStore. We need to get up at that in going and we need to – obviously we need to scrub the pipeline and we need to get first-hand knowledge there. So I don’t think we’re going to bake that in at this point.
Tom Georgens: The broader question on Clustered ONTAP is I think you need to think about Clustered ONTAP in the big picture and not a standalone product. The goal here for NetApp is while lots of people talk about the cloud in the context of it’s a jungle, it’s dangerous, it’s risky and those are awfully euphemisms for we hope it doesn’t happen. I also see a lot of the cloud conversations around steering people to proprietary clouds and our view is that Amazon is going to make a big investment, as is Microsoft and SoftLayer. They are going to create a set of capabilities whether it be around flexibility, around certain workloads and cost around certain workloads that are going to be compelling to the enterprise. And our task and our goal and our strategy is to make it possible for them to bring the hyperscale cloud in and make it look like a seamless extension of what they do on-premise. So there’s no ambiguity about our position on the public cloud. It’s going to make sense for a set of workloads, our job is to operationalize it. So the broader question isn’t so much about Cloud ONTAP as a point product, it’s about Cloud ONTAP as a completion of a strategy. I can run ONTAP on my hardware, I can run ONTAP on other people’s hardware, I can run ONTAP in the virtual machine on-premise, I can do NetApp private storage where you can keep your storage but use the compute form of Amazon and I can run in Amazon. So all those options are now available to the customer with one set of tools, one set of processes, one set of software, and that’s my definition of software-defined stores is basically a set of common functionality across all instantiations at all locations of data. That’s the big picture. Now as far as Clustered ONTAP, we’re not viewing it as a point product. We’re viewing it as an essential part of a strategy that’s going to enable NetApp to become the enterprise data management standard. So, yes, we’ll cannibalize some business, it will also allow us to monetize data to the cloud. More importantly, as we can become more ubiquitous as the enterprise data management standard, we can bring more of the data management both in the cloud and on-premise over time and that’s the real push on this technology. So Cloud ONTAP is not a point product. Certainly it can be bought and procured that way, but it’s part of a much broader strategy to ultimately create seamless data management across the entire enterprise, across all media. That’s what we want to do.
Tom Georgens: Well, I think we want to get crisper about our channel positioning over time that professional – to separate these two points. Professional services is an essential part of customer success with our technology. And there’s a need for that in our enterprise accounts and there’s a need for that with our channel partners. We want to focus our professional services around accounts that either expect or demand that that service comes directly from us around very, very complex services or around things only NetApp can do, which would mean things that usually have an engineering modification component. The rest of the business for the purpose of velocity, we want to have our channel partners do. It’s a big business opportunity for them. We don’t want to be competing with them for it. So in general, not just around professional services but even around go-to-market, we’re looking for our channel partners to become more self-sufficient, more capable both on the pre-sell side and the post-sell side. So they can basically drive more of our business in the midsized business and NetApp can focus its dedicated resources in the enterprise. So over time, I think we want to be much, much clearer about our delineation of our staff between our support of the midsized business, which is mostly through channel partners, which means a significant investment on our part to get them up to speed and capable and competent. It also means that we’re not competing with them for business. So they are at a position to make a much bigger commitment to NetApp because our objectives are quite clear. And likewise, as we see a rebound and strength in growth of large deals, those are things that we want to capture and we want to cultivate and we want to have more of our NetApp direct resources working in our largest enterprise accounts driving big opportunities and big business for us. So over time, we want to be very clear about our delineation of our skills and where we’re going to deploy our resources. We want our best channel partners to be more capable and more competent and we will steer more business their way and we will give them the support that they need and we want to focus our direct resources on the big accounts and the big opportunities. And we talked about that at financial Analyst Day in terms of the segments that matter to us and I think we’re six months into transition now and so far so good.
Tom Georgens: On those numbers, there’s also the OEM business that’s wrapped into that. If I think about bookings, which is probably a more indicative of the current state of the business, they continue to be quite strong and they were definitely in positive territory. There is no doubt that the Russian sanctions had some complexity in terms of who we can sell to and the velocity of fulfillment and that certainly had some impact on the business but not enough to talk about. So we certainly see the Russian and Ukraine influence and I think that that’s – it’s not zero but not material. It’s a few million dollars. But at the end of the day, I think in light of all of these headlines around Europe in general and Germany in particular, those teams continue to execute well. So when I look from a booking perspective, I would say that looking at bookings I don’t see our performance commensurate with the headlines and we certainly hope that that continues. But right now FX is a bigger concern than the overall economic condition in terms of impacting our Germany business in particular.
Tom Georgens: And I will echo Nick’s comments. I think one of them clearly a short-term renewals on equipment, whether it’s because budgets can’t support a tech refresh at this time whether it’s because they’re waiting to do a Clustered ONTAP transition, whether they’re waiting for 8.3, I think all of those are factors that would be indicative of a lot of equipment that is getting closer and closer to its need for tech refresh. When that actual transition occurs, obviously it’s going to be a function to budget. But I think the general case of as we go through and we talked about revenue growth, we should not also lose sight of the fact that we had over $100 million of year-over-year growth in the deferred revenue balance. So once again, indicative of the growth of the business, a fair amount of our transactions have a current revenue component and a deferred component and that’s an important indicator of our overall business levels as well just as important as the revenue.
Tom Georgens: It is going to be a branded product, so all the FlashRay product will be in the branded category. In terms of the overall portfolio, I think that there’s several points. The EF product is optimized for just raw performance and the classic workload that we see there is database acceleration, the data migration and the data placement is managed by the application itself typically Oracle and ASM. And the key differentiator there is high availability, because a lot of those environments have very, very high availability requirements, they tend to be very, very mission-critical, high-performance applications. So the maturity of the EF family which has been doing high availability longer than NetApp in fact allows us to compete for that very, very high performance with high availability. And the high availability requirement disqualifies a lot of the start-ups. As far as FlashRay, it’s less around raw brute performance although obviously it’s a flash array and performance is an important characteristic, but it’s really that married with data management and married with storage efficiency. So the ability to deliver performance and with compelling always on storage efficiency and very, very compelling ease of use is really the positioning for FlashRay. All-flash FAS is also a critical part of this story, but I think you should think about that as we certainly sell it certainly today as a point all-flash product competing against some of the other products and particularly with 8.3, the performance characteristics were remarkable; in fact clearly outperforming the biggest competitors in that space including the newly architected designs. But the way to think about all-flash FAS beyond just a point product is imagine all-flash FAS not as a standalone all-flash array but as a node in the cluster. And you can have an all-flash FAS and a cluster as a high performance device and then next to it you can have a machine that’s got 2,000 disc drives that’s optimized for capacity and you can use all of our transparent volume migration that’s already part of Clustered ONTAP to do the data migrations, the data ages so you’ll always have fresh space for your high-performance data in the flash. Or you could basically distribute the flash to the entire cluster and use all of our scale-out capabilities to do that. So from our point of view whether it’s the raw performance used case, whether it’s the general purpose efficient used case like a FlashRay or whether it’s the business critical and traditional business app worst case as part of a clustered solution with all-flash FAS, that’s a pretty broad landscape and nobody else can match that. So from our perspective, I think we feel great about the portfolio. I think we see FlashRay in customers’ hands getting great feedback on the performance and the ease of use and the efficiency, getting a bigger and bigger role. So simply put, EF all about performance; FlashRay around performance with efficiency and all-flash FAS around network stores for business applications using all of the premium features that’s available in ONTAP but with the speed of flash.
Tom Georgens: Yes. One thing I’d point out is that there’s actually been two restructurings. One last year and the year before and a key component of those restructurings was to reposition resources against high priority activities for us. And if you look at what we’ve just announced since we last met on this call, we’ve announced FlashRay, we’ve announced StorageGRID Webscale, Cloud ONTAP, ONTAP 8.3. Resources redeployed against those activities is why those activities exist and why they exist now. So the things that we did just this past year, some of them are reflected in those activities and some of those are reflected in future innovation and future investments not only on the product side but also on the go-to-market side and services side. So I think no doubt I believe our headcount today is higher than it was before we did the restructuring. We are doing the restructuring because we were out of ideas and we didn’t know what to spend money on. We did those restructuring because we had a lot of ideas that we wanted to get on and get our resources aligned to it, and I think we did that. So I guess just to wrap up, I guess just kind of the summary. Where we are, I think it’s a challenging environment but the business performed as we expected. If we look about the rest of the year, I think absent the dilution of the SteelStore and the FX, I think the EPS and the revenue for the year are more or less what we said they were going to be when we last talked to you. So I think we see consistently in the rest of the year, despite a fair number of moving parts. Probably for us, I’d say probably the two big headline things for us since we last met; big portfolio build out and the products that I just mentioned. Obviously, the acquisition of SteelStore on top of that and I also think that we’ve become a lot crisper in our messaging and communication with not only our internal audiences but now with customers and analysts and the community around our hybrid cloud strategy. And key elements of that whether it’d be NetApp private storage or Cloud ONTAP are now reeling in the market. So when I think about just the raw technology and where we are today, our go-forward story about the hybrid cloud and the prove points against it, I feel really good about what we’ve accomplished certainly over the last 90 days and the last year. So thanks for your time. Hopefully, see you all again next quarter. Thank you very much.
Nick Noviello: Keith, I’m going to add in on that just for everybody else as well. In terms of the Q3 guidance, it is that point of FX that is really from a revenue perspective and we both had calls earlier certainly on the press side of the fence and really on Q3, it’s FX. That’s it in terms of any difference from what we would have expected earlier. And then on the EPS line, you need to think about the SteelStore acquisition and the combination of those two on the EPS line is about $0.02.
Nick Noviello: Yes, so let me start on that and hopefully we’ll be able to keep the one question thing. But on the OEM side of the fence, most of that business is conducted in U.S. dollars. So we don’t have too much of an FX impact there to think about. It’s mostly on the branded side, as Tom indicated. And we said that the OEM business could be off up to 40% this year. It’s obviously not at that point so far for the first half. This is dynamic as business declines and in certain areas business is declining substantially and significantly and you can think about the N series business as the perfect example of that. There’s other businesses that we expected some pretty substantial declines on and are a little bit lumpy on the way down. So those are all things we have to think about. And so as we modulate these branded and OEM numbers just a little bit, we’re being conscious of those things.
Nick Noviello: Sure, Sherri. I think that in terms of longer term being the year, first, we took that up a bit and you probably noticed that in the text this time versus last time around. In terms of the three-year, the gross margin guidance is really unchanged. We’re getting benefit from a variety of things we’re doing. We’re getting benefit from mix of business, mix of revenue in the business. So as we have higher margin, pieces of our services businesses higher margin that rolling through that’s going to benefit us. OEM mix will change things as well. But as we’ve talked about in prior quarters, we have done a substantial amount of work that we feel good about around the supply chain side of the fence. We’re also seeing the benefit of warranty that’s speaking to other things that we have worked very hard on over time. So I think that this all comes together and is consistent. We in essence brought up the year a little bit in the gross margin side, so FY '15, so you should expect to see that in the second half here. But the overall guidance and the overall expectations of strong gross margins based on that value proposition of what we’re selling is consistent.
Nick Noviello: Yes. So why don’t I start on the seasonal decline. So, yes, we expect seasonal declines and in fact they are substantial. In many years we’ve had a Q2 to Q3 sequential decline in federal revenues in the 40% range plus. So we would expect that same thing again. And that doesn’t mean we feel good, better and different. It’s just the seasonality of the business. I think that we have seen stabilization out there, that’s good. I think our position – and Tom can speak to it better than I, our position continues to be very strong on the federal side of the fence.
Nick Noviello: Hi, Joe. So first of all, we have on the original plan for this year we have 400 million in change to go as of the end of the second quarter. So we’ve got a good chunk remaining ahead of us and the plan was that through May of 2015, we will deploy the rest of that. And we talk about the capital allocation at every Board meeting. Our Board is very sensitive to their share repurchase, dividends and the overall philosophy there. And I think in terms of the guidance we gave that guidance is consistent. So at this point in time, we will look at all of those pieces on a going forward basis both repurchases and dividends. We will finish out this current authorization by May of 2015. The Board is having that kind of a conversation around the next authorization and all of those pieces, and we’ll announce more as it makes sense to announce more on those things. The strategy and the things that I laid out at our financial Analyst Day in May are consistent until we say something else, frankly.
Nick Noviello: I think all those data points are true. I think we have more things to sell and I think that our story in terms of the cloud and Insight and hopefully the catalyst that that will provide. We did our Las Vegas event last week. We’re doing our European event next week. So if I look going forward, I certainly wouldn’t consider the forecast euphoric. As you point out we certainly have FX headwinds and other things. On the other hand, I think our competitive position only gets better. We really don’t have any aging products. Just about everything of substance is either brand new or it has just been updated and I just feel that our competitive position is stronger than it’s been in some time. And at the end of the day, 4% isn’t 15% either. So I want to be pushing hard, I want to set high goals, I want to be cognizant of the world around us. But the simple fact of the matter is I think our competitive position today is better than it was six months or a year ago.
Nick Noviello: Yes, I would also add to that that our European business in the second quarter at 28% or 29% of overall revenue is right in line with what we’ve seen over the last several years.
Nick Noviello: I think your point around what customers do on the renewal side, what they do as they understand more and more about what Clustered ONTAP can do to them but they want to make those transitions when it makes sense from an operational perspective, when it makes sense from a financial perspective and all those pieces, I think that’s really the key here. There’s nothing outside of the renewal cycle and what’s going on with that that would really be driving this. Remember, every one of those contracts with customers have their own term to them, their own value in the overall contract to them. Sometimes those are standalone type of transactions, sometimes they are tied up with other product sales, but there is nothing overall or an umbrella concept that I would say would be changing things here. But this point about renewing for shorter periods of time while customers are getting ready for a Clustered ONTAP transition, that absolutely makes sense.
Nick Noviello: Jim, let me start with this but yes, when we talked about the work we did last year, this is really about repositioning. This is really about setting our portfolio for the go forward, right, and a point that we were going to reinvest in the business in those areas where we were going to see or we believe we were going to get the biggest return in the future. That ramps up. So the investment comes in over a period of time and I think largely the investment is in now. And then that investment gets on to those productive activities to yield returns. So those are all part of the plan, those are all things we are doing, we’ve invested in and we’re doing going forward.
