George Kurian: Thank you for the question. Listen, we are cautiously optimistic on the macro. As you noticed, it's better than we started the prior year, but there's still a good amount of uncertainty and caution in customer spending. They are prioritizing the applications like analytics, unifying their data for AI, modernizing their environment, and dealing with disruptions from changes like VMware. And we have had really good success across all of those landscapes. We've had strong wins across multiple elements of the AI opportunity from data lakes to model training to RAG on our customers' installed data. And we see that across multiple verticals. We've had strong success with our offerings displacing VxRail and other hyper converged platforms that customers look to optimize their VMware landscapes. And in the case of Keystone, which has had a really strong year, every quarter of the year has been strong and we had a really, really strong Q4. What we are seeing is customers like the idea of a unified, integrated data platform for all of their data and a cloud like experience. What we are able to offer uniquely in the market is the same experience in your data center, as in a co-location environment, as in all the leading public clouds. And so, the value of the flexibility that we offer, and the operational consistency and simplicity is what's allowing us to win all these deals. And they're not on price, these are long-term architectural commitments that customers are making. And they are multi-year agreements. I'll leave it there.
George Kurian: I think more of the latter. There's just generally continued scrutiny of spending. I think with regard to our outlook, we are very confident entering the year. We finished really strong. Our Flash portfolio has even got stronger in Q1 with the refresh of our A-series Flash products. So we feel really good with a really up to date A-series CAM expanding ASA product, which had a really strong quarter. And, of course, the C-series, which has been setting records for performance in our business. So, we feel really good. I think on the AI side, listen, we are the installed incumbent for the world's largest unstructured data set, and we are helping customers unify those data sets, building data lakes. We saw that, for example, in one of the world's largest genomics companies, where together with NVIDIA, we built a supercomputing environment that allows them to accelerate drug discovery. And then, we talked about the success we had at one of the world's largest oil and gas companies, where we not only built their supercomputer for a trillion parameter large language model, but we are also the backbone for all of their RAG at their AI Center of Excellence. So I feel really good about our ability to tap into the AI opportunity, as well as continue the leadership we've shown in traditional enterprise applications.
George Kurian: Listen, broadly speaking, we had about more than 50 AI wins in Q4 across all elements of the AI landscape I talked about, both in data foundations like data lakes as well as model training and inferencing across all of the geographies. I would tell you that in the AI market, the ramp on AI servers will be much ahead of storage because what clients our doing is they're building new computing stacks but using their existing data. And so we expect that over time there will be a lot more data created and unified to continue to feed the model. But at this stage, we are in proof of concept. We think that there's a strong opportunity over time for us and all of the AI growth is factored into our guidance for next year.
George Kurian: Yeah. So, the 30%, keep in mind, that was the highest that we saw in our gross margin numbers. And we have talked about many of those starting higher in fiscal '25 and then coming down as we go through the year as we go through the pre-buys that we have for SSD. So, it is significantly influenced by that gross margin number. We'd love to get back to the 30%. At this point, a lot of that depends on where the gross margin line goes.
George Kurian: Yeah. Listen, a couple of quarters ago, we said that we were taking action to sharpen the focus of our public cloud business. Those are along two dimensions. The first was to continue to drive the execution of a growth strategy around our first-party and hyperscaler storage services. As we said, storage is now about two-thirds of the total cloud business, and first-party and marketplace cloud storage services are the preponderant majority of our cloud storage. And that has performed really, really well and is the foundation for long-term success and growth in cloud. Second, we said that the subscription business had headwinds related to cloud optimization, and we took several actions to improve the health of our subscription business. As a reminder, we said that subscription was about a fifth of the total cloud business, so a small part, and we took actions to both stop selling certain products and services that were no longer a part of our go-forward plan, to migrate some customers from our subscription offerings to our first-party cloud consumption offerings, to integrate some of the subscription products as being features of our cloud storage offerings, and to be able to sharpen the value proposition of our subscription offerings and work with our customer success team to improve the value to the client. What this has resulted in is a decrease in subscription revenue in the second half of this year, as we forecast, but the headwinds from that decrease are getting smaller and smaller, and over the course of the first half of next year, we feel that a large part of those headwinds will be mitigated. We expect that cloud first-party and marketplace cloud storage should continue to ramp strongly, which will deliver overall growth in cloud, consistent revenue growth in cloud in fiscal year '25, stronger in the second half than in the first half.
George Kurian: Listen, I'll take that question in two parts, one on the revenue side and the second on the gross margin side. On the revenue side, we continue to believe that customers budget in dollars, not in systems. And so, while we expect that the industry will follow the normal course of behavior, which is to raise prices to customers as commodity prices go up, we don't expect that to translate into directly increasing revenue. Customers will buy smaller amounts of storage if they have to pay more for it, but they will spend the dollars budgeted for it, and that's what's reflected in our top-line. With regard to cost of goods sold, I think, first of all, as Mike said, we have completed a large percentage of our forecasted demand for NAND through the course of next year, and as we have said before, NAND is less than 50% of our total cost of goods, the rest of which is flat. The outlook we are providing is based on our current -- is based on current market pricing. If the overall market raises prices as we have done in the past, we expect to follow the market, and that should be accreted to the outlook that we have provided.
George Kurian: We expect public cloud storage, particularly first-party and marketplace, which are the focus of our cloud efforts to continue to grow nicely through the course of the year. I'm not going to comment about sequential growth rate each quarter. We had a really nice quarter this quarter, and we had a good year all year. I think that we see that first-party and cloud storage and marketplace is a much bigger part of our overall cloud business entering fiscal year '25 than it was entering fiscal year '24. And the rest of the offerings, as I said, we continue to sharpen the focus and be more targeted in terms of our subscription offerings. They will have a little bit more headwinds in the first half of the year, but we expect cloud to grow consistently in FY '25, stronger in the second half than in the first.
George Kurian: Yeah. Thanks for the question. With regard to upgrading an existing hybrid flash customer to our C-series, there are enormous advantages for a customer of NetApp to stay in place because we have the same operating system, the same management console, the same telemetry system, and we can do that virtually seamlessly for customers. And so, we've seen a good chunk of upgrades from 10K drive environments to our all-flash, and we expect that to continue over time. Those will come up as customers upgrade their fleet in a periodic and steady fashion. We also saw a lot of new to NetApp environments in our customers where we were able to either displace competitive footprints and/or bring new footprints to NetApp as customers deployed new applications. We talked about the example with Keystone in a large customer that was considering two different approaches, one for file and one for block, and decided to unify on NetApp. We have seen several environments where hyper-converged VMware landscapes are now moving to optimize the cost of their VMware licenses and are using C-series. And over time, we just introduced the C-series AI part that gives clients a cost-effective capacity flash-based AI model training and inferencing environment. So, we're excited about the prospects with C-series. Listen, everybody will have their alternatives in the market. We feel really good about the fact that we have the industry's most comprehensive data management, the only real hybrid cloud solution, and a track record of having really large-scale data management capabilities on our flash products. And we feel very, very confident getting into next year.
George Kurian: We have four growth opportunities that we are focused on, all-flash storage, block storage, cloud storage, and AI. And let me get each of those in turn. In all-flash storage, we have seen strong success with high-performance flash replacing legacy frame array and sort of traditional mainframe class storage with much more modern high-performance landscapes. We have seen the C-series both replace hyperconverged as well as traditional hybrid flash architectures, upgrading both our install base and competitor install bases. With the ASA platform, which is block, the second part of the growth opportunity, that is TAM-expanding for NetApp. And we are excited at the wins that we've seen and the momentum that we have. It will be a smaller business this coming year relative to the C-series and the AFF A-series, but it will be all TAM-expanding for NetApp. And I'm excited at where we are today. With cloud storage, listen, the cloud market is an enormous market. It's a multi-billion-dollar opportunity, and our cloud storage is a part of that opportunity. As the cloud providers have seen a reacceleration in their business, we are well positioned to grow our business and our focus is to grow it at a rate higher than the infrastructure-as-a-service growth rates of the big hyper-scalers. And then finally, AI, this is the opportunity that will become much more meaningful over time. We are well positioned with the huge installed base of unstructured data, which is the fuel for GenAI, and we are focused on helping customers do in-place RAG and inferencing of that data. Second, our unified data storage systems with integrated data services provide an ideal foundation for customers looking to build a data lake or model training landscapes. And then our hybrid cloud architecture gives us a unique place in the environment, allowing customers to use public cloud AI platforms such as Vertex from Google or Bedrock from AWS with their on-premises data and be able to scale inferencing to where every piece of customers' data and IT landscape exists. So, those are the four. We're excited about the year ahead. We will tell you more about the specific puts and takes of each opportunity at our Financial Analyst Day on June 11th.
George Kurian: Listen, I think with the -- I didn't hear the question entirely clearly, but what we see with RAG is customers wanting to use a large amount of unstructured data alongside a model that has already been trained to get it even more aware of the context in which its operating. Our CCVs and ACVs are both well suited for that. For customers that want really large landscapes, we are really excited about the opportunity with the C-series where we already have 30 terabyte drives that are adding higher density drives as customers need. And then for large-scale data lakes, we are able to build highly dense object storage or mixed object and file storage landscapes that we have done for many, many clients over the last quarter.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. We ended FY '24 strong with robust performance in Q4 and building positive momentum entering FY '25. Capacity flash, block storage, cloud storage services, and AI all represent enormous growth opportunities for us. We are performing well and expect continued growth in these areas. NetApp is leading the evolution of the storage industry, helping our customers make their data infrastructure intelligent for the age of AI. We are capitalizing on our share gain opportunity and will maintain the operating discipline that has yielded record profitability. Thank you for your time today, and I hope to see you at our June 11th Investor Day.
Mike Berry: Thank you, George. Thanks for the question, Meta. So yes, we do expect Q1 to be seasonally strong. As you mentioned, Q1 of last year was seasonally weak, so it is one of the easier compares, I'll say, for the year. In reference to the A-series launch, we're super excited about it. That is something that's just gotten started, though, so it won't have a big impact on Q1. We do expect that though, to start driving some nice trajectory as we move through fiscal '25.
Mike Berry: And on your follow-up, Samik, on gross margins from Q3 to Q4, so as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we did come in about 130 basis points higher on product margins. We had guided around 60%. That was largely due to better mix. As we had talked about, we did expect that to come down from Q3 just because it was our Q4 and that's largely what happened. We support gross margin very consistent. And importantly, we started to see a nice increase in our cloud gross margins and we expect that to continue in the next year. So pretty consistent performance Q3 to Q4 in our gross margin line.
Mike Berry: Yeah. So we got it in full year, 27% to 28% operating margin. And yes, operating margin was always a little bit lower on a percentage in Q1 just given the seasonality. So I think what you're referring to, Mehdi, is we did do the restructuring last year in Q4. As we enter fiscal '25, we do have some leverage continuing in OpEx. We do expect OpEx to grow, I'm going to say, about 2% for the full year basis on a revenue guide of about 4.5%. We are doing targeted hiring in sales and in engineering to drive key product initiatives. Outside of that, as we've always said, our goal is to always drive operating leverage in the business and have OpEx grow at a rate less than OpEx -- than revenue growth, excuse me.
Mike Berry: Sure. So, as we talked about, we were very active in pre-buys for fiscal '24. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, we have locked in a large majority of our forecasted SSDs for '25, albeit at prices higher than '24, as you would expect, Steve. And really, when we look at that, we look at where the market is, we look at obviously our demand, and where we think the prices are going to go. The supply chain team has been very active in this market, and we think it's an important part of protecting our margins. At this point, we are still comfortable with the full year 58% to 60% range that we talked about in product gross margins for fiscal '25. The variables there are potential further increases or decreases in NAND costs through the rest of the year, and then, of course, storage market pricing plays into it. I do want to reiterate, hey, we are focused on driving the top-line growth and driving additional gross margin dollars and EPS while being disciplined in pricing. We certainly continue to look at product gross margin percentages, but at the end of the day, we will focus on driving profitable revenue growth and margin dollars. So again, 58% to 60% for the full year, starting higher in the first half, and then scaling down as we go through the year.
Mike Berry: Yeah. So, Wamsi, so sorry if -- hopefully, I said it correctly. What we talked about is we're still comfortable with the 58% to 60% range in product growth margins for the full year, starting out higher in the first half and then sliding down as we go through the second half and use the inventory of pre-buys.
Mike Berry: And if I could just add one thing, Wamsi, and you asked about the volatility of the margins, keep in mind that in fiscal '23 we had to deal with the premium issue, that then went away. So that's caused a lot of it. Fiscal '24 was really 55% to 61%, so just keep that in mind as you look at fiscal '23, please.
Mike Berry: We have 30 terabyte SSDs and they are growing quickly as a percentage of the total capacity. The way our systems are built, we can pass a lot more density into a single system than many of our competitors.
Mike Berry: Sure. Thanks for asking the cash flow question. So, hey, we'll have a couple more minutes. As I talked about on the -- in the prepared remarks, we expect cash flow to continue to track with net income. So, if you take the midpoint of the guide, that says that net income does go up year-over-year. A couple of things. So, we would expect cash flow to move with it. During the year, there'll be some working capital changes and I just want to make sure I highlight these. Keep in mind that in Q1, we will pay our annual incentive compensation payments and incrementally year-over-year, thankfully, it's a relatively large number, it's about $150 million. We expect then collections to increase year-over-year. And then as long as we continue to purchase -- do pre-buys, we expect that to even out over the year as well. So all of that said, we would expect cash flow to -- operating cash flow to continue to track with net income. And from a CapEx perspective, we did about $155 million in fiscal '24. You should expect something relatively consistent with that in fiscal '25. And then that caps it off of capital allocation. We did increase the dividend from $0.50 a share to $0.52 a share. So, that will use call it $425 million of cash about for the year. The remainder of free cash flow is slated to go against share repurchases.
