George Kurian: So, Rod, I think it’s a couple things. Obviously, it was benefit of the ELAs this quarter, that was about 2 points when you do the bridge year-over-year. We also had a little bit of favorable FX, and we had a little higher software mix this quarter. The NAND pricing definitely did help a little bit, but it gets offset when you have to take the hit to resell. So there might have been some benefit initially, but then you have to write the inventory down as the standard decreases.
George Kurian: We see that enterprise IT spending, as you have noted, is benefiting primarily from the strength of the global economic outlook. IT spending, we’ve always believed is correlated with economic outlook. Within that, we benefit from a few different specific situations relative to our business. From a portfolio of technology perspective, we have shifted our investment and our portfolio and consequently our revenue mix into high-growth areas of the market. We see that we can benefit uniquely when customers spend either on the public cloud or on-premises unlike competitors that we have that remain only on-premises. And finally, as businesses become more data-intensive and builds more data-intensive environments like machine learning, high performance storage, and data services are benefiting from spending intentions. So, we think that this will continue for a period of time. I think, at the macro level, IT spending will be correlated to economic growth. So if economic growth slows down, I think it will impact IT spending in aggregate.
George Kurian: AFAs are now 14% of our installed base, so it still remains a small percentage of the installed base. As we said, we have continued to gain share in the market and outpace the overall market. This is the 15th consecutive quarter of market outperformance and reflects the strength of our offering. Relative to competition, I think we see the broad mix that’s available in the market. Dell, HP, Pure, and Nutanix are the most common ones. I think, we have a really good competitive position against all of them, both because of the capabilities of our specific solutions as well as the unique benefit we bring by allowing customers to deploy our solutions on the public cloud or in their data center, something that we call the Data Fabric, so our win rates have been strong, and we’re excited to expand the range of competitive situations we engage in.
George Kurian: This is why, I think, we – as we laid out the plan for the year, we are reconfirming that our revenue outlook is mid single-digit without ELAs. ELAs would be additive to the revenue baseline that we have established. And so if you think about it, we’re essentially guiding upward for the rest of the year.
George Kurian: With regard to whether we will breakout HCI or not, we’ll provide you that clarity when we do it. At this point, HCI is a part of our product revenue. We have seen a broader number of competitive engagements and we are winning our share, right? So we feel very confident about the value proposition that we bring to the market. We see that it’s a meaningful expansion of the total addressable market that we serve, and we’re going to continue to stay focused on innovation and consumer expansion. We’ve had good competitive wins against all the leading competitors in that category. And it reflects the architectural difference that we bring to enterprise grade hyper-converged. And so we’ll give you more details. Come to NetApp Insight, we have some really exciting product announcements at NetApp Insight, and you’ll see how we build NetApp HCI into our compelling Data Fabric story there. So look forward to it.
George Kurian: Let me just start with the cloud data services business outlook. As we said, we are off to a good start. We’re excited about the value we bring to customers. We talked about both cloud native customers, who we’d never served, as well as expanding large footprint with both – with enterprise customers who we’ve served in the past and both of those opportunities are in front of us. With regard to the availability of our offerings that we said, we are – generally available with AWS. We are in private preview with Microsoft, and we are in pre-data with Google. So we are in an early stage of customer trials. All of these offerings should be generally commercially available this quarter. So you’ll see much broader availability of those offerings this quarter, and the pipeline is healthy. We are excited at what we see going forward in terms of the used cases, DevOps, analytics, as well as database as a service on the public cloud. With regard to the ELAs, let me just say that I’ve been involved in these transactions. As Ron mentioned, they are strategic relationships with the largest customers in the world, where they standardize on our software across a broad part of their enterprise. It is a validation of the strategic value of our NetApp Data Fabric that customers are buying into a broad footprint standardizing on the Data Fabric. But as Ron mentioned, these are complex transactions, where they can shift between CapEx and ELA and a variety of different structures within the ELA. One of the things that you see with this year’s ELA form is that, our operating system is now a standard part of the ELA, which is an indication that our Data Fabric now becomes seeded in a very large footprint in the biggest customers in the world. And so we’re excited. We think this is bullish for NetApp. And Ron can tell you more about how we think about it specifically in terms of the financial aspect of our business.
George Kurian: It also doesn’t change the fundamental seasonality of our business, right? I think it just reflects the nature of transactions that are lumpy and hard to predict, but it doesn’t change the fundamental seasonality of our business.
George Kurian: I think one thing to note Sherry is that, our product revenue is growing much strong, much faster than service revenue. So if you model it on a year-on-year compare, the mix continues to save a product, which is at a lower gross margin than services, right? And so we continued to push towards the long-term commitments that we had made around product gross margins in the 55% range. We’re making progress, but it’s the mix of product and services that are affecting the full-year gross margin picture.
George Kurian: I think, if you look at the installed base penetration of the AFA, they’re at 14%, which is a small number. This represents the fact that the majority of our wins are in new workloads and at existing customers or net new customers. The strength of our hybrid cloud story is a major part of our value proposition, because simply speaking, we allow customers to do what no one else can. You can start to build a high-performance machine learning environment in the public cloud and when you’re comfortable with doing so, you can move it on-premises with your data completely intact and secure or conversely you can build a secure data lake in your own data center and give you a data scientists public cloud work spaces that are compliant with GDPR regulations. So we have a really unique value proposition in the marketplace. With end-to-end and NVMe, we are also able to attack direct attack server workloads, because we offer the same performance of server connected storage with all the benefits of shared network storage, efficiency, single point of management, better fault-tolerant and so on. And so that’s an additive part of the market that we are able to go after. c:
George Kurian: StorageGRID is now a recognized leader in objects storage. We see a range of use cases for StorageGRID either for new object deployments or coupled with the file system as an archival tier using our FabricPool technology. We will provide more details of the applications of StorageGRID at our Insight User Conference. There are some interesting use cases for automotive and some other IoT examples, where a highly scalable solution like StorageGRID has really interesting applications. I will tell you more at Insight.
George Kurian: So as we said, the headwind from mature are – have dissipated. The mature product category used to contain three components: OEM, our legacy 7-Mode technology and add-on storage, driven either by 7-Mode or our clustered storage systems in all-flash arrays. OEM has done – has had a good quarter. It can be lumpy through the course of the year depending on the performance of our OEMs, but we had a strong quarter this quarter. 7-Mode is basically not being sold anymore, so it’s no longer relevant to our business. And add-on storage had a strong quarter, reflecting the strength of our all-flash array business. So what I would tell you is, categorizing mature and strategic as separate items is no longer relevant, right? Because a large part of the mature business is now being driven by the strength of our strategic products. And so I think that’s a better way to look forward is just to look at the aggregate product revenue, which you can see is very strong. We don’t think that mature is going to be a headwind anymore. And as we said last year, could be also a tailwind to our position this year. And so we’re excited at the start. We think that we should continue to see good progress in our mature – in the mature bucket.
George Kurian: We see that, first of all, the core value in the all-flash array market is in world-class software that allows customers to deploy a range of media, but to drive their business process for advantage, right? And I think, we have really good software. And I think, any other company that wants to compete in that market has to have really good software. We see that the 3D NAND environment will continue to materially benefit flash over performance drives over the next few years. As we have said consistently, as prices ameliorate for 3D NAND, which we are starting to see clearly, that performance drive, the 10-K drive segment will concede to the all-flash array segment. There are future derivatives of flash, capacity flash or things like persistent memory, Optane DIMM, for which we have really good solutions for. And I think, we feel that what customers will need is a single way to manage your data across, not only all of these types of media, but all the places you put data in, which we call the Data Fabric, right? I think, the legacy competitors are in a variety of states of challenge. I think, if you look at the large players like EMC or HP, they’re still trying to rationalize their lead flash portfolio, because none of their products is complete. If you look at players like IBM and Hitachi and Fujitsu and Oracle, they basically conceded and are no longer in sort of new deployment considerations. They’re essentially defending the installed base and the start-ups are challenged. They have essentially been fast on product innovation, and they don’t have the market reach to compete. So it will be, I see some sense of consolidation coming up in the marketplace and we will benefit from that, because we’re very well-positioned. And it’s a matter of keeping your head down and executing, and that’s what we’re doing.
George Kurian: On the benefits of NAND price declines, we’ve seen a little bit. I think, you will see the mix shift from hybrid flash to all-flash, right? We have said that as the prices went up, we saw a mix shift towards hybrid disk/flash system. You’re starting to see the early reversal of that trend back in the all-flash arrays. And I think, over the next few quarters, there’s no question that we see all-flash arrays become a bigger part of our mix. With regards to the CDS buyers, there are customers that have got our cloud data services in one cloud provider that are looking to now expand it to another cloud provider as a multi-cloud strategy. There are also customers that have started out with workloads in the public cloud that are coming back to an on-premises environment as a complement, right? So we have seen a range of competitive displacements where we start the dialogue with the customer in the public cloud for used cases like DevOps and ER, that then come back and buy a complementary production environment in their primary data center. So we’re seeing both multi-cloud, as well as on-premise extensions, and we’re excited at the prospect of using CDS to drive our overall portfolio.
George Kurian: We’ve said that CDS itself would, in our long-term guide, we said that it would be between $400 million to $600 million on an annual recurring run rate by the end of fiscal 2021, right? So that in if – in and of itself is a material add to our portfolio. This year, we said it contributes an incremental 100 basis points. I think that in terms of its strategic value to customers, it is reflective of the fact that we outperforming virtually everybody and virtually every segment we compete in. This idea of a hybrid cloud Data Fabric list all of the pieces of our portfolio in competitive situations.
George Kurian: It’s standardizing on our operating system and software. It’s a broad range of offerings. Everything in our portfolio could be bought against that ELA as part of consumption of capacity. So these are strategic agreements to standardize on our Data Fabric. You typically recognize the software component upfront, and there’s a commitment to buying forward capacity and customers consume that capacity over time. So it’s – we’re excited, These agreements lift all the elements of our portfolio going forward.
George Kurian: With regards to NVMe, it’s essentially a broad range of used cases, where the customer wants really fast, meaning, very low latency for their applications. The most common ones are high-performance databases. It could be, for example, where somebody wants to go to a shared storage array, rather than using a solution like an Exadata or a database appliance, right? And so that’s why we see the early opportunities to position the solution.
George Kurian: It could be a service that’s applied to a data-intensive environment like a database or an artificial intelligence – or a data lake for machine learning. So those are some of the examples.
George Kurian: Yes. I think, there’s a variety of term. I think, the customers want simplicity of their architecture and they want to be able to, at least, in our belief not to be tied into monolithic scaling of compute and storage, right, that the early vendors in HCI had. And so different people call things differently. Our solution has many of the elements of composable in it. And so we feel very good about the positioning of our solution. What we have seen with our customer wins is a reflection of the value of that particular aspect of our architecture.
George Kurian: I think they well clearly shift the mix from hybrid flash systems to all-flash systems. I think that we saw the reverse trend happen as prices went up. So it’s not like people will spend less, they will just spend the project amount and buy more flash as opposed to disc to consume that budget.
George Kurian: They – at least, based on what we saw last year, we saw people have a dollar amount and then buy the capacity associated with that. So they would buy x percentage of flash and y percentage of disk. I think that x was smaller last year than it would be this year. And it will be – y will be smaller this year than it was last year. So we saw what customers had a project budget and they would spend it and they would optimize the ratio between flash and disk and we see that going in favor of flash for the next several years now.
George Kurian: We don’t communicate exactly how and when we pass through savings to customers. As I’ve said, we were the first to raise prices in the market and we are not going to be the first to lower prices in the market. We have a differentiated offering and we are looking to maximize the value that we get for our offering. We have done so in the gross margin trajectory on product gross margin this quarter, and you’ll continue to see us stay disciplined on it. I’m not suggesting that we will never lower the price. But I’m suggesting that we’re not going to be the first to do so. And we monitor the competitive landscape. We monitor what other people are selling, and we’ll make the right choices at the right time.
George Kurian: Every deal can be competitive. We will make the right tradeoffs between whether we see this to be a strategic account that we want to capture versus whether this is a broad-based market shift. And it’s called market and comparative intelligence that we are highly disciplined about. We have a very good read on the market. We have a lot of customer interactions that give us that information right. And so, as I said, we have a clear interest in extracting as much value for our technology as we can. And that value is embedded in the performance and the software capabilities of our systems. And so we’ll be judicious about how we pass through savings to customers. Yes, commodity saving, the philosophy has been that we pass it through, but we can time how we do that.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. We delivered a very strong start to the year and introduced substantial innovation across our portfolio, expanding our industry-leading cloud data services and introducing new partnerships, products and solutions to help data-driven organizations thrive. With our compelling Q1 results and expectations for the remainder of the year, we are off to a strong start in delivering against the long-term model we laid out at our Analyst Day last April. We raised fiscal year 2019 guidance for gross margin, operating margin and earnings per share. We maintain our expectations of mid single-digit revenue growth before any benefit from ELAs, and we continue our strong commitment to shareholder return, evidenced by the 500 million of share repurchases in Q1. We will introduce more exciting innovations at our Insight User Conference in Las Vegas in October. We will be hosting technology sessions for the investment community with NetApp executives and we hope to see you there. Thank you very much.
Ron Pasek: I think, it is a validation of our technology. It’s something that we’re really happy about. They are long-term commitments and agreements of these customers. And just to give a little perspective, they’ve really grown from when we started adding the OS portion into the ELA offerings. Last year, when we did the restatement in FY 2018 for 606, the full-year was only $20 million in ELA. So growing now to at least $90 million just in Q1, you can see, it’s a big uptick, so very, very important. It will make our results from time to time within the year little lumpy. So you can see a little more volatility in gross margin, but over the long-term really no effect.
Ron Pasek: So it – what I did Sherri was I kept the same guide we had previously gave at Analyst Day for the year, and simply added the benefit of the Q1 over achievement, nothing else has fundamentally changed to George’s earlier point, the underlying seasonality is still the same.
Ron Pasek: So, Joe [sic] [Lou] the – as I said earlier, the benefit in Q1, we had a large ELA benefit that blew away the guide we gave for the quarter. The underlying seasonality is still there. As I tried to indicate, the ELAs will make some of the seasonality a little more lumpy. So you’re right. Sequentially, it is down from Q1 to Q2. However, Q2 guide that we gave is up year-over-year, I’d say, 6% with a little bit of currency headwind. So you’re going to see a little bit of some anomalies as we go forward. When we have these ELAs, they’re going to make things a little bit less predictable.
Ron Pasek: Nehal, it was actually several. That was more than just one. There were probably half a dozen in that number, which is why it’s difficult to predict.
Ron Pasek: So none of the ELAs are in mature. There’s really only two things in mature, which is add-on business and OEM. So all of the ELAs are in strategic.
Ron Pasek: Yes. Irvin, just to be clear, we indicated it would not be a headwind to growth. So it should actually be a contributor as the installed base continues to grow. We just don’t guide that piece discretely.
Ron Pasek: So we have $3.5 billion left to go, and I’m just giving no indication of the timing. As I said at the Analyst Day, I’ll give you how much we repurchased on calls like this after the fact..
Ron Pasek: We’re – we do opportunistic. We don’t do any accelerated share repurchase. We tend to take advantage of dislocations.
