George Kurian: Thank you, Jim. I think, first of all, we continue to see demand ahead of supply. We had a broad-based book of business in Q1, with healthy demand trends, and we're doing everything we can to meet customer expectations by procuring parts in as many ways as we can. We think that, that helps us to be able to deliver on the promises that we make to customers. I think equally importantly, we broaden the range of capabilities that we bring to customers, particularly with our cloud offerings, our cloud storage and our cloud operations portfolio that now address a vast range of both digital and cloud transformation. And so the combination of meeting expectations for the day-to-day business, as well as being part of their go-forward transformation, allowing them to kind of make their businesses a lot more digital and cloud capable, is helping us broaden our exposure to new buyers and customers and deepen relationships within existing buyers, as well as net new buyers. So I'm excited about what the year ahead holds for us.
George Kurian: Listen, we're pleased to the start of the year. I think our cloud storage portfolio is really strong. And as we said, we are in the early innings with Amazon and Google, and there's plenty of opportunity to expand our business with them. We are doing the work to be able to do so. With regard to the cloud operations portfolio, we've had a really good start to the year in the Spot portfolio, which – where we've had new sales leadership, strong disciplined execution in the product team and in the field organization, and I feel pretty good about the focus so far. I think on Cloud Insights, we still have some more work to do, particularly sharpening the parts of the market that we attack and the execution on customer success motions in that part of the business. So we're pleased, we're at the end of the first quarter, if we see more strength at that point, we can talk about the full year guidance. But I feel really good about reiterating our guidance. It's a strong growth target for the full year for our cloud portfolio. And at the start of the year, we're off to a great start.
George Kurian: Listen, we've implemented, as we have shared before, two price increases. And we are seeing our sales teams being disciplined to be able to capture the value of those price increases. The important thing to note is, customers' budget in dollars, they don't get incremental IT budget just because vendors raise prices. So I do not see the fact that our revenue is strong being tied to price increases. I think customers spend and you got to go get your fair share or more than your fair share of their spend. And so we'll continue to monitor how the supply base evolves, and we'll adjust pricing -- if we need to take another action, we will do that at the appropriate point in time. Right now, I don't see the need to do that.
George Kurian: I'll take the demand one, and then Mike will cover the EPS. First of all, we're pleased with the book-of-business we saw in Q1. Our teams are engaged with our customers deeply across all of the segments and geographies. And as you see from our results, we had a really good balanced book-of-business with strength across all of the geographies. I think with regard to the year ahead, listen, we are one quarter in. We feel really good about the progress. We are reiterating our guidance. Yes, you correctly note that we saw incremental FX headwinds from the time we guided. So by reiterating guidance today, it actually shows that we have confidence in our business through the course of the year. I would say if you ask me what's sort of top of mind for me at the moment, it really is about having supply, and I wish I could just get to confidence on having all of the supply we need to meet demand, right? And I think that is the place we continue to do the work. We feel that it's stabilizing, but supply is still behind demand.
George Kurian: The combination of some supply constraints and also we have an FX headwind to product revenue. I think given the percentage of our total book of business being all flash, you would assume that FX would affect it the same as our total book of business, so substantial headwind. I also think, it's too early to comment, but at times like this in the past, we have seen customers choose to buy more economic configurations in certain cases. So we had a strong quarter in our hybrid flash segment, which is really targeting customers who have – want to buy the most cost-effective configuration. And so we'll continue to monitor that. It's one quarter in, so I wouldn't call that a trend yet.
George Kurian: In cloud storage, as we said, is 60%. And we think that the mix should stay relatively stable over the next several quarters.
George Kurian: Listen, we saw customer challenges in multiple ways, right? I think, unlike some other players in the market, we can solve it through a cloud-based solution. We can solve it through a hybrid flash solution, as well as managed service offerings. So we’re going to do what customers want and we’re going to give them the full range of our portfolio. I think our flash offerings are strong. We have certainly been affected by the macro. But as we have shared before, the vast majority of our cloud growth comes from outside our on-premises installed base. So most of those customers are not buying our AFAs, they're buying new stuff.
George Kurian: With regard to visibility, listen, we are engaged in conversations with customers. And as I said in my prepared remarks and the -- what we see within customers is, there are transformational projects that continue to receive the benefit of spending, right? These could be digital business process enablement. It could be data and analytics to better understand and target the customer base. It could be cloud migrations and accelerated application deployment. Those are all getting funded, right? And we get to participate in all of those. I think we have certainly more visibility into some of the larger accounts and spending plans, just because of the range of engagement we have with them, than maybe the smaller accounts, which are a smaller part of our total business. With regard to what we see going on, it's steady demand. As we said, some of our clients are recovering from two years of COVID pandemic. So while they may not be as excited about what the next year holds, they're still recovering from two years of delayed spending. And so these projects are moving forward. And so, we continue to work with our customers on their planning not only for this year, but also for the first half of next year, which comprises the finish of our fiscal year.
George Kurian: Listen, we've said that dollar-based net retention rate would come down over time. I think we said we've kind of stabilized around 120%, but we feel really good about the book-of-business we're adding. It will bump around a bit. New cohorts certainly are showing strong expansion trajectory, but I don't read anything particular into our book-of-business, right? I think we have really strong growth across the cloud portfolio, and we are acquiring a good new set of customers, especially with our hyperscaler routes to market. So there's plenty of opportunity ahead. We're going to continue to balance expansion with net new customer additions.
George Kurian: I mean, listen, I think that as the installed base and cloud gets to be a bigger and bigger number, the amount of new additions, they are very strong, will naturally become a smaller part of the total business. So we're not -- we don't feel badly about the new customer additions at all. It's just -- it's the law of large numbers catching up with you.
George Kurian: Yes. First of all, it isn't the first time we have talked about AI. It's been a strong contributor to our business over many quarters now. We have three things that we're excited about. First is the technology underpinning AI works great on file-based data, image analysis, natural language processing. Those are all tied to analyzing files. The second is AI requires high-performance training infrastructure to make the algorithm smart. And so high-performance file storage, we are the market leader without question in that part of the market. And I think over the last year, the third point I'll raise is, we have done really good work over the last few years with NVIDIA to build reference designs that combine their technology software vendors and our infrastructure. So I'm super excited about the opportunities ahead in that part of the market. And as you saw from my prepared remarks, we cannot only address it on-prem, but uniquely address it on the cloud as well.
George Kurian: Listen, I don't see hybrid flash strength as a negative. I just think that we offer a broad range of capabilities for customers in certain workloads. Hybrid flash is obviously the right answer, because it gives you the combination of large amounts of capacity at a really cost-effective price point and with caching technology, the ability to generate good enough performance for those use cases. So, we actually feel like having cloud all-flash arrays, capacity flash arrays and hybrid flash arrays is the right answer for customers. And we do that not just a file and block, but also increasingly an object.
George Kurian: Listen, we are disciplined acquirers. We have done well with the start to the year. That doesn't mean that we don't have more work to do to integrate the acquisitions we've already completed, especially both CloudCheckr and Instaclustr, right? So we're deeply involved in doing that work. That work should be wrapped up soon, right, at least the preponderant majority of that work. And we continue to monitor the landscape. We won't rule out doing things that they are massively advantaged, but we're also just trying to be balanced, disciplined acquirers so that we can make sure that the acquisitions we already have done are off to strong starts.
George Kurian: Yes. Clearly, the Spot portfolio, which helps with both resource constraints in terms of talent with automation as well as the raw cost of cloud spend and kind of keeping track of where you're spending in the cloud is perfectly set up for this environment. We are off to a good start to the year with our Spot portfolio. We intend to widen and broaden customer engagement in line with the pattern that you just appropriately identified.
George Kurian: Listen, customers are appropriately scrutinizing their cloud spend. And I think as they begin to understand that we have a tool set to help with them, we're seeing good proof-of-concept, good trials going on in the Spot portfolio.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. In summary, Q1 was a great start to the year, setting company records for Q1 billings, revenue, gross margin dollars, operating income and EPS. Despite the uncertain macro, the enterprise spending environment has remained steady, driven by priority investments in digital and cloud transformation. Our ability to address the challenges created by these initiatives with a broad portfolio drives our growing relevance with organizations globally. We will continue to maintain our focus on our top priority, while driving disciplined execution and operational management to deliver increasing shareholder value. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Sure. Thanks, George. Meta, thanks for the question. So as we talked about on the earnings call last quarter, we did expect and we still do expect the memory prices to be a slight headwind in the first half and then moving to a tailwind in the second half. All the surveys and discussions we've had certainly support that. As you know, we did add a good bit of inventory after the issue that we saw with SSDs in Q4. So it will take a little bit of time to work through the P&L. And all of that is in our guidance, by the way, that we do expect to see memory prices become a little bit more of a tailwind in the second half.
Mike Berry: Yes. And keep in mind, too, as well, Shannon, that ARRs are – is what we expect to recognize during the next 12 months. So, those – that you'll see ARR tie pretty closely to revenue. And then on your headcount question, as we talked about, hey, we're going to be very disciplined. We want to continue to invest in the areas that are going to drive growth, specifically around cloud as well as some of our sales headcount. We are taking a look at just like everybody else, making sure that we reallocate dollars to drive growth, and we'll be very prudent around other additions.
Mike Berry: Yeah. Hey, David, it's Mike. So, great question. So let's go through that. As we talked about on the call last quarter, we did expect and without the incremental impact of FX, it would have been true that, we expected product gross margins to be at its lowest in Q4. Q1 came in pretty much as we expected. When we gave the guidance at the midpoint, we're saying, hey, relatively consistent in Q2. To your point, keep in mind that on a year-over-year basis, we are paying, call it – and we talked about this a couple of calls ago, about $60 million a quarter for premiums. We expect that to continue in Q2 and then get better as we go through the rest of the year. In addition to Meta's earlier question, we do expect memory prices to get a little bit better in the second half. Again, all of that is baked into our guidance when we gave our full year number. So all else being equal, no crazy on the supply chain things happening or things that we don't know of at this time. We would expect gross margins to continue to improve as we go throughout the year.
Mike Berry: Yes. So thanks for the question. So, overall, we were down about $20 million quarter-on-quarter total company. To your point, sales and marketing was down about 7%. There were three major moves -- movements in OpEx quarter-over-quarter. That was -- FX gave us about a $10 million benefit, because the stronger dollar means lower OpEx. Q1, David, we always have a reset of incentives, incentive pay as well as commissions, and that -- part of that flowed through sales and marketing. And then in R&D, mostly you saw the addition of Instaclustr. Also, keep in mind that marketing, one of the big variables there is just marketing spend program timing. Q1 is typically a lower program spend for marketing. So those are the three big movements. And as Meta asked as well, hey, we're looking hard at making sure that we're investing in growth. Candidly, sales and marketing will be one of those areas, especially as it looks to drive growth in cloud.
Mike Berry: Yes. Hey, Rod, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. So the big driver there is -- and we'll go back to what we talked about last time, it's really supply chain in terms of how it impacts the GOs on a quarterly basis. You did see nice growth in USPS, which was great. EMEA and APAC grew as well. So that was more really an issue of supply chain where we were able to place our product versus any change in demand on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
Mike Berry: Yes. So it's a nuanced answer, Rod. And no, we didn't decide to do that. It depends on what availability we have, what customers are purchasing, when those purchase orders came in, linearity matters. So hey, there's a lot that goes in there, but no, there was no outright decision or direction that way. It just was how it fell in the quarter.
Mike Berry: Hey, Amit, on the EPS number, as you appropriately noted, we actually are raising the full year number when you take into account the incremental FX impact. And when you flow that through, I think that you're going to see that, there is actually a side ways EPS as well, although albeit not as much as revenue. So we feel – hey, we feel good about the year. We have – we've talked several times about reiterating the EPS as well as the operating cash flow number in an uncertain time. So we feel good about that range. As George said, hey, we'll see how the rest of the year goes. We'll take a look at it, but we are certainly very disciplined around our spending and targeted to make sure that we hit both profit and cash goals.
Mike Berry: Hi, Angela, it's Mike. As we've talked about, ANF is the largest portion of CVS. All three of the products with the hyperscalers are performing well. We're not going to go into the trends individually. They're all at a different part of their stage in terms of go-to-market and product, but all three of them did well in the quarter relative to how they were. And yes, ANF continues to be the largest portion of that, and ANF performed quite well in the quarter.
Mike Berry: And Krish, hey, on your last question, the way I would answer that is, we certainly look at different scenarios. You mentioned 10% down. No one on this call had said that that's what we think it would be. We've looked at our operating expenses, where we spend our money, where we would look to reallocate or reduce if we saw a different scenario than we're calling for the year. Also, hey, keep in mind one important note, which is the majority of the gross profit is still being generated by support, which we feel very good about. And cloud continues to be a bigger part of that. Based on the midpoint of the guidance by the end of the year, cloud will be about a little over 10% of the revenue and that of gross profit as well. So that provides a nice buffer. So we're looking at all those things as we go into the year, nothing certainly that we would pull the trigger on unless we saw different scenarios rolling out. Hopefully…
Mike Berry: Sure, George. So, hey, a couple of answers to that. So thanks for asking about billings. So keep in mind that it was 13% this quarter, but 18% on a constant currency basis. So it actually did accelerate quarter-over-quarter. I believe it was 16% last quarter. If I missed that, I apologize. What drove the billings growth mostly in Q4 of last year was, as you know, its revenue plus change in deferred. Most of that growth was from support. We had a very good support quarter in Q4. You saw that in the deferred revenue results. This quarter, it was nice. Support did well. Again, but really, it was cloud that drove a good bit of the billings growth. So the 13% as reported, cloud was about 7.5% of that. So it was a big driver. And a lot of that was what George talked about, us getting our feet under us again around CloudOps because that's where you'll end up doing subscription arrangements. So that is to compare on billings. Again, keep in mind, on an FX-adjusted basis, really strong billings quarter.
Mike Berry: Sure. So, hey, Wamsi, thanks for the question. So let's go through the ARR results in the quarter. So as we expected, Instaclustr came in right around $34 million, $35 million. And as we talked about, we expected to see good growth through the year, a little bit of acceleration in the second half. That's still where we are. So organic, I would -- I'm going to define that as everything except for Instaclustr because we had CloudCheckr in Q4, grew by $45 million and then Instaclustr was about $34 million to $35 million. That gets you to the $585 million. That's about a 9% growth quarter-on-quarter. We would expect Q2 to be, call it, between 10% and 11% growth on the $584 million and then the second half, right around 11%. So a little bit more, not much. It's certainly nowhere near -- well, maybe it's an old hockey stick where they weren't curved at all. But -- so a little bit of growth but not much, and that gets us to about the $800 million midpoint. So we feel really good about the rest of the year and how we need to grow that on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
Mike Berry: Yes. So thanks for the question. The big mover there is at that kind of quarter-on-quarter basis, keep in mind, hey, the USPS had a really good Q1. That's much more of a programmatic spend now versus a big bump that you used to see in Q2. We expect premiums to continue to be relatively consistent. And then while, again, we expect the memory prices to help, that's really a second half of the year, because we have to work through some of the inventory that we very appropriately put on the balance sheet before. So we feel good about that number. We'll see. And here's a big thing, mix really matters on gross margin, not only within the product, but also within those products in terms of entry level versus some of the higher ones. So there's a lot of moving parts. We feel good about it. Again, we expect the second half to see that product margin increase as we go through the year.
