Thomas Georgens: Yes, I don't have a specific number where we are. But clearly, over the course of the last 2 quarters we have been rolling out a number of solutions. We started with the HPC and the full-motion video solutions. We added the Hadoop and the analytics and some of the other things that I talked about in this call. So I think the solutions are all out, enthusiasm for the products are high. So in terms of the overall numbers and the overall activity levels, I think it's more or less on track. I think from a revenue perspective, the OEM side of the E-Series is clearly ahead of what we had talked about at time of the acquisition. I'd say the branded is probably not on that same trajectory, but clearly, certainly nothing that we're alarmed about at this point because the quoting [ph] level is high, the activity level is high and the solutions are now in the market. And we've actually closed some very, very large transactions. So, so far, so good, I'd say, but still early days.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think in general, I would say that the last 3 weeks of the calendar year were actually pretty strong. So certainly the classic question we get asked once we get past the mid-point of the year is what do we think about at the end of the year budget flush. And in general, I'd say that, that was probably stronger than I thought it was going to be. And that drove a lot of strength in our U.S. -- commercial side of the U.S., and it was mostly as you can well imagine, a large account phenomenon. I think at this particular point, the thing about having a January quarter is that we continue after the euphoria of December with the despair of January. And I think at this point, we just want to kind of see a little bit more into 2012 actual budget cycles. But throughout 2011, we saw all the dynamics that everybody saw. Deals got extended and all that stuff. But it closed out a little bit stronger than I thought. And I think it's probably a little too early to have a read on 2012. But certainly, I would think that the budget flush will at least be a sign of modest confidence. But that's probably as far as I'll go at this point until we get some more data points.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think one of the things about the supply-demand balance is that it doesn't make up any of the supply gap of the prior 6 to 9 months, so I think how that plays out. And the other thing about the supply-demand balance is, I believe, it will be different for different classes of drives. Certainly, the desktop and the mobile, at least from what we hear, we're not consumers of those products, have been hit a bit harder. And the enterprise, while I don't think fulfilled 100% of demand, was certainly a bit better. As far as where we're going to go back, I don't want to give anybody the impression that the disk drive situation is 4 points of gross margin hit. That's not what we forecasted. The 63 points, you need to go back and also adjust for the OEM business that we didn't have last year, and likewise, the OEM business being bigger than we anticipated, which is a good thing. So I think the guidance we gave, I believe, for this quarter is that in the vicinity of 1 point margin hit as the result of the disk drives. And I think that's more or less where it is. So we don't certainly want to over-attribute anything else to that. I think that's what we expected, that's what we saw. But the one thing I would point out is I still think it's a little bit fluid in the market in terms of pricing and how that's translated to street pricing. So certainly, we've seen a lot of players, ourselves included, raise list prices. But the street pricing is still somewhat more fluid. I don't think that's settled out yet. So I still think the next 3 to 6 months, and then 9 months, I still think we'll be talking about making up previous supply. But next 3 to 6 months, we should see some settling out of the drive side and kind of know where it will be.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think if you ask me the question, "Do we want a lot of new customer acquisition?" I think the answer to that is yes. And I think the $5 million, I think that's a factor. We also had relatively minor, but we're talking about $5 million here, of FX impact this quarter that was negative on the revenue side, which I'm sure will flow through the gross margin. That's a few million dollars. So $5 million has a few causes, and eventually, you start crossing it relatively thin. But the simple fact of the matter is we have now 2 quarters, a very, very strong momentum in new customer acquisition. Some of it is driven by in response to the concentration that we saw earlier in the year. So a fair amount of new customer acquisition is actually a new vertical for us, and that's been a big focus. We see the media and entertainment and healthcare as factors there as well. So trying to continue to expand our customer base, and it's good to see the momentum now 2 quarters in a row. And if $5 million is the price we pay, then I think we'd be glad to pay it.
Thomas Georgens: If that's the reason, then I think that would be a very, very strong long-term payoff for us. When I think about gross margin, I think we got a couple of things to play. Clearly, we have to drive pricing. We have the OEM mix being higher than expected. I think we want a full year cycle out of that business, so we understand what it means to us. Clearly, the unit mix moving to the high end is impactful. I mean, clearly, we had a gigantic jump in the 6000 units. And then the Public Sector component as being smaller in the mix. So I think there's a few moving parts here. So I guess, in my prepared commentary, I said that we want to really take a close look at this. Some of these trends are positive for us as a company, but they're also impacting the gross margin. So I think we really want to get another 90 days in front of us get one full cycle of the OEM business, another quarter of visibility to drive pricing, understand the unit mix and how stable that is. And I think from there, we'll probably have more company [ph] commentary on gross margin. That's kind of the way I would see it.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think the -- I don't know whether it's just us, but price increases are not something that we do very often. And there's a lot of complexity. Let's not lose our grip on what we've done. We've basically raised list prices, right? And that's what we've done. In terms of how that translates, we certainly have customers with contracts with contractual price takedowns. We have OEM agreements that's got to have pricing in them -- the price increases that we give to our channel partners have got a 30-day effectivity date. We've got quotes outstanding that is up to us whether we choose who we want to honor them or not. So simply raising the prices -- I mean, the street price goes up. Otherwise, we would've all raised prices 10 years ago. So I think the flow-through of the street price also is a function of burning off and remedying some of these other situations. So the list price, I think that most of the industry has raised prices, but I think the street price is still very volatile yet.
Thomas Georgens: Okay, I could cut the follow-up questions. But that's a hard thing to say. Since we are honoring quotes, I would say most likely not.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think one of the things that we've had in the past, although it's been pretty constant this quarter, was since we didn't ship all the revenue that we had, sometimes there's a little revenue distortion. But the bottom line, if you go back to pure bookings, the bookings growth rate across all of NetApp was up this quarter from last quarter and Europe as well. And clearly, the German economy still appears to be robust. It still appears to be strong. As far as the Southern Europe goes, it's not a large market share place for us. So my response usually is when you don't have any market share, the macro is not that important. But overall, I think the European business and the major geos has held up for us reasonably well. And currency was kind of a headwind that they also had to contend with. So I think we're all pretty much pleased with the EMEA performance. And frankly, outside of this fence-related activity, the U.S. performance booking as well.
Thomas Georgens: I think -- I mean, we could talk about pricing theory whether when the pricing becomes more disruptive, when there are a lot of players or when there were 2 major players. EMC is relatively disciplined and so are we, I think for the most part. So I wouldn't expect anything really dramatic, although I do believe that there's some unsettling of pricing in the market right now, which I think will be temporary. I think going forward, clearly, as all products become more mature and we go deeper into the data center. Clearly, that's their stronghold. Clearly, they've done acquisitions where they compete with us more. So I think we knew this battle was coming. And frankly, as we see the industry, I think that there are really 2 players. If you look at the market share growth over time and really, they've been a share gainer, primarily inorganic. NetApps has been a share gainer as well, primarily organic, although clearly we added to that this year. And I think over time, they and us, clearly are going to have the ability to continue to invest and continue to innovate. So I think as time goes on, ultimately, I think the 2 of us are going to be the share gainers and are going to be the key players in this industry. And I think we should only expect to see that more and more.
Thomas Georgens: I'd say -- well, in some cases, it doesn't matter because usually when we're competing to displace the server vendors, EMC is the alternative that we're competing with. But we certainly have -- clearly, I'd say 3, 4 years ago, most of it was us and them competing for server vendors business. But at this point in time, I think a lot more direct competition between us and them and our respective installed bases. Clearly, them competing on the NAS side and us competing on the SAN side, deeper in the enterprise. So I don't really know the answer to your question, but it's increasingly EMC. But in any case, we typically compete with them either way.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I'd say probably that estimate for the OEM business is probably a little high, simply because I'm guessing is for the quarter that just passed will probably be their high-water mark. And one of the other things that we tried to put out in the prepared text is when we look at our bookings growth rate, clearly it translates into revenue growth rate. But the other thing it does is, it also translates into an increase in the deferred revenue balance on the balance sheet. So depending on the nature of the deals and contracts and ELAs and things of that nature, the revenue growth rate clearly is as you quote. But we also had a remarkably strong growth in our deferred revenue balance on our balance sheet. And I think that it's kind of the combination of those 2 is probably indicative of what our bookings actually look like. So in terms of new wins and our actual booking growth rate, it's still on a multiple to market growth rate. And over time, clearly, the deferred revenue will flow back through and the bookings and the revenue will normalize. But right now, we're seeing a spread between the revenue growth rate and the deferred revenue growth rate. In fact, deferred revenue growth rate, I think, has been up 20% plus every quarter this year. And last year, I think it averaged 15%. So overall, I think that the bookings remain robust. The translation to revenue in the near-term clearly has not been quite as high, but you should also see the deferred revenue as a proxy for our winning rates.
Thomas Georgens: No. I wouldn't want it to be -- that we've signaled in any way that we were supply-constrained on that product because I don't think we were. So I wouldn't concur with that. Clearly, we've seen a very, very substantial uptick in demand for that product in the first quarter with availability. I believe that at this point, bookings of the new product have surpassed the bookings of the product that it's replacing. So I think the momentum is good, but I don't believe we've had an availability issue. Maybe there's different words around that. But I think from the factory, the product has been available on our normal lead time. So I don't think that, that's been an issue. In terms of where the demand is coming from, one of the demand areas for the small products or the 2000 family, interestingly, enough has actually been on the DoD side. And their slowdown has impacted the volumes in that area all the year long. So in terms of where the uptick in demand is coming from, it's almost all coming from the general territory area. So it's mostly gone through our channel partners. But I'll take that as feedback as a perception of availability. But certainly from our perspective, those things have been on normal lead times and have been available.
Thomas Georgens: In my prepared commentary, I tried to go after that as well and said we clearly saw some positive things, and not just the rebound of the big accounts. We saw obviously an explosion in units of all types. It wasn't like one cannibalizing another, but 2000, 3000, 6000 is all up sequentially in a meaningful way, particularly the 6000 and the 2000. We certainly saw improvement in the major accounts, but we also saw new customer acquisition very, very strong as well. So all things considered, I think that there are a number of positive data points this quarter. But obviously, one point doesn't make a trend. Now new customer acquisition has been strong now 2 quarters in a row. And that's good. I think clearly, we'd love to convince ourselves that while the macro is different today than it was a few years back, but a few years back was our biggest new customer acquisition years. And that basically was a very, very strong precursor to the future growth. So at this point, I'm certainly not going to go out on a limb and predict it. I'm just saying is that the new customer acquisition and our efforts to diversify our customer base, particularly into some new verticals appears to be paying off. And I think that part we're excited about, and we'd love to see that continue.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. Also we're rolling into our Q1, which is obviously the most challenging quarter we have. And that usually isn't a quarter that allows for a wide range of OpEx envelope. So in terms of the new customer acquisition, a couple of things about that. Usually, although we are seeing bigger first-time ever transactions with customers -- and I think part of that we're seeing in the 6000. Usually first-time transactions with customers usually involve knocking out the incumbent and they tend not to be large deals. And that's why the new customer acquisition is costly. It's not so much costly from an OpEx perspective so much as it's costly from a gross margin perspective. In terms of the launch, that was really around the 2000 and really getting the channel ready, getting all the training programs out there, getting all the pricing out there. So I think that the bulk of that spending occurred earlier in the quarter and the end of the prior quarter as opposed to this quarter. So you'll see the normal things at the end of the year. You'll see the commissions pick up and all the other things that happen in a typical Q4. But I would expect us to, as we enter Q1, to not be that aggressive on the OpEx side.
Thomas Georgens: In the Cluster-Mode, interestingly enough, it's not always new customers. I'm sorry, it's not always existing customers. It's a balance of the 2. But there's no doubt that our existing customers have been hearing this story for a long time, and they've been testing with 8.0 and into 8.1. So it's clearly a lot more activity there, but we actually have some brand-new, new-to-NetApp accounts that are jumping into the story with 8.1. So in terms of professional services on the migration, I would say yes. But I won't think it's going to be meaningful to our overall numbers. And the reason being is if they're existing customers and they're migrating, clearly, we want to enable them to make this migration and they will make this migration successful. And so basically trying to turn that into a revenue opportunity for ourselves probably is not in the spirit of partnership. So we'll probably do some activity. We certainly aren't going to do work for free. But on the other hand, I wouldn't consider that a revenue generator. We want to see people successful deployed or give them the help that they need, but we're not going to try to extract a price for it.
Thomas Georgens: Well, thanks. And what I appreciate is after a year of being asked about SSD is that now we're back on the subject that really matters, which is Flash. First of all, Flash is going to be pervasive. And I think you're going to see it everywhere in the infrastructure simply because of the economics compared to alternatives of the payback that it has. But when I think about this odyssey over the last couple of years, we sat through the competition crowing about just replacing hard drives with solid-state drives and not impacting the softwares at all. And we're very, very clear that while that's an interesting niche market, that's not really where this technology would be optimally deployed. And our position all along has been that Flash as a cache is where it has the most impact. And I would say that we actually see probably more pervasive deployment of Flash in our systems than anybody else in the industry. And I think it's been a big part of our growth in the 6000, which is exploding. It's an every unit item. The other thing we said about Flash is that we saw systems in the long run to just be Flash and ATA. That the need for enterprise drives and hence, tiering software and all of those things would ultimately go away as well. But effectively, from an I/O per second performance, the difference between Flash and a rotating drive is so great, that trying to match those 2 different drives, the rotating drive doesn't make any sense. And now we've seen the competition talking primarily about Flash as a cache and talking about one drive type. So I think, all along, our view is I don't think we kind of conformed to the conventional wisdom on this. I think we've been an outlier all along. We've been asked about this on a lot of calls. But in the end, I think, I've been pretty clear with the strategy that we went on in our execution. So if you have a question on Flash on the host, I think that's a sure thing. For all the reasons that we're putting Flash in the disk array, I think people are going to put Flash on their host for performance enhancement. But from NetApp's perspective, I don't think the opportunity is simply selling cards into the host, and we may do that. But our real goal here is that we want to bring the data that's stored in Flash on the host into our data management methodology for backup and replication and deduplication and all of those things. And that's our focus. So you'll hear more from us on that dimension, but it isn't as simple. We're going to make a PCI Flash card, the software component and bringing that into our broader data management capability is really what our focus is here.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I would be careful about parsing that statement one step further and that is, I think that meeting demand differs by drive category. And I think that the mobile and the desktop are in a little bit different category than enterprise drives and high-end ATA drives. And while I'm certainly not an expert on that segment, I think that the amount of aggregate demand in the enterprise space that was met last quarter was probably higher than where it was in the other spaces. So while it's still tight -- and I don't think that all of the demand in our sector has been satisfied. And certainly, we did leave revenue behind last quarter as we said we would and we probably will again next quarter. I wouldn't factor into your plans that there's some 20% or 30% unsatisfied demand that's going to come crashing down in the second half. That may be true of other sectors, but I don't think it's necessarily true of this one.
Thomas Georgens: I'm not quite sure if that's the dynamic. I think frankly, if you look at our business all year long, the major accounts have been pretty much what this conversation has come back to the last 2 quarters. Beyond that, the general territory, the broader geographies, the rest of the business has all been very, very, very strong. And so for us, I think it's been a little bit more of a major account story, financial services in the first quarter. And clearly, we've got Department of Defense now. But once you carve those out, the business isn't substantially different from where we want to be. So I think the major accounts have been more of a swinger than any individual competitive dynamic. And I think one of the overlays that we've had, particularly after the first quarter, was the desire to diversify our base a bit. And I think that the new customer acquisition is important. So if I look at the NetApp story, the major accounts have rebounded, but they're still hardly robust. The rest of the business has actually been pretty strong. And I think we're setting the stage for the future with relatively strong new customer acquisition. But I would say that the kind of the ebb and flow of the major accounts has probably been the biggest ever between this quarter and last quarter rather than any type of competitive activity.
Thomas Georgens: Well, 8.x is basically the platform of the next decade of innovation. So to kind of put into the context of quarter-to-quarter impact, I want to be careful of that. What 8.1 represents is we're going to be recommending 8.1 for more -- and more and the clustering capability of 8.1 for more and more and more workloads as we go forward. So I think that there are some customer workloads that tend to be enormously performance-intensive. That will move to the clustering capability when they think they can support their environments. I would say that for most of the rest of them that I would expect to see Cluster-Mode actually go out in new greenfield opportunities and new applications as opposed to clustering what they already have in place, unless they have a very, very key performance issue like some of our scientific and technical customers and moviemaking and things of that nature. So how that translates into units? I'm not really sure. I also think that this is not a trivial technology. This isn't just one more feature. This is a fundamentally different way of dealing with this issue. So we had a major bank in here not that long ago, and there are a large number of frame arrays, and the frame arrays are all well and good until you span one. So you have a need that's bigger than one, you have to migrate data. But it's pretty clear that the discussion that clustering is a far superior solution to that problem because it's basically scales indefinitely. And that's a really, really powerful story. I could think of another story with another bank, as it turns out. And we're having a long discussion about their concerns about moving in this direction, not necessarily 8.1 but just moving away from what they have. And I said, "It's clear that you don't want to do this. So why -- what's driving this conversation?" And his answer was that, "When I look at the capabilities that you guys have, the deduplication, the application integration, the ease-of-use, the data movement, the data migration, the thin provisioning and all of that stuff, I don't have that on my frame array. And I'm never going to get it. And that's why this stuff is so interesting. So if you can resolve the performance and the scalability issues and deliver to me all that functionality, I'd be very, very interested." So those decisions aren't going to get made overnight, Keith. When they get made and when we have momentum and when we have the proved cases of all of that type of stuff, there is a fundamentally different way of doing storage for the enterprise. And I think it's going to be massively impactful. So whether it pays off in this quarter or next quarter, which really is fundamentally different, nobody is going to be able to merge this level of functionality with this level of scale. And that's what the 8.0 journey is all about. And 8.1 represents a case where clustering is now available for a very, very large amount of -- combined with a very, very large amount of the rest of our functionality. And I will be recommending it for more and more workloads.
Thomas Georgens: I think for the next 6 months, the operating margin story is going to be the gross margin story. And the decision was that while we're in the midst of perhaps some temporary disruption in pricing as a result of the drives, that we were not going to whipsaw operating expense in search of some model and [indiscernible] falls out. So when we have a full cycle of OEM mix, now we've got a major what appears to be a change in the mix of our units, so we need to figure out whether that's sustainable over 1 quarter or a 6-month phenomenon. So over the next 6 months, I think we're going to be cautious for OpEx because clearly, the operating margin has come down and we're heading into Q1. But I would say for the next 6 months that we're not going to turn the OpEx knob very hard to try and meet a target if the gross margin is going to be volatile due to one-time events. I think in the second half of the year after we get through the next 3 to 6 months, we're going to have more visibility and we're going to have a stronger opinion on that.
Thomas Georgens: Well, we've been 10-gig capable for a while. And sometimes within the data center, we get to see obviously much more of these high bandwidth links than you see more generally within the enterprise. So if basically this is going to be a part of a rearchitecting of the data center to take advantage of virtualization -- and clearly that's the trend that we see, is that the virtualization trend was key. And we get asked a lot about how far that's along. I think the real trend is how many people have really redesigned their data center to take advantage of what virtualization is and build a big shared infrastructure capable of running many apps that's highly automated, highly efficient. What people would call -- we call it shared virtual infrastructure or the private cloud. I think those are all factors. One thing that 10 gig does that, I think, plays to our strength is that it will enhance NFS performance. And when we first pursued the VMware business, our business there was 90% SAN. Now what we see in VMware is it's roughly 50-50. So clearly more and more customers are seeing the capabilities of NFS. And if that's going to enhance NFS performance, not only in the data center but even more broadly, then clearly that would play to our strength.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Maynard, this is Nick. The only thing that I would add to that is we have people in many of these accounts because they are big for us. So your question on the fourth quarter, this is our forecast and our guidance for the fourth quarter for these accounts includes a lot of bottom-up forecasting based upon our presence in those accounts and our knowledge on those accounts.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure, Deepak. Yes, let me just walk you through those couple of points. So in terms of the Q4 guidance, why don't I start there for a second? We actually would expect to have some benefit to product gross margins from a change in mix, right? In the third quarter, we talked about a negative on the mix side of the fence. So you're going to have a partial offset to that in our fourth quarter, think of the OEM business and those types of things that have a heavier end of calendar year revenue stream. The offset to that is in our fourth quarter, generally, we see a higher discounting level, right? So they basically offset each other. So the product gross margin that you see in the results here for Q3 is not that far off of what you should expect for Q4. In terms of that customer acquisition cost that were built into the Q3 actual results, again, that's part of the guidance that we put together for Q4. And if there's anything important there to call out, we'll let you know that at that time.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Mark, no, I don't think you should think about that on the OpEx side of the fence. I think what we've built in was on the margin side, some new customer acquisition costs that is built into the gross margins. Frankly, in terms of the guidance and the ranges, we've got some frankly conservatism built in so that we could cover some of that. On the OpEx side of the fence, we've given you, again, a specific guidance range here that you could back into. That's not inconsistent with the prior quarters. So I would not expect to see a big kick-up in OpEx at this point in time for those types of things.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. And as Tom indicated, last quarter, when we gave guidance that we expected not only a cost implication [indiscernible] as expected. But we expected revenue softness from it, which is also pretty much in line with our guidance range. We've built that similar type of both cost and top line challenging dynamic into our Q4.
