Thomas Georgens: Katy, I'd say in the channel, probably not so much. Clearly, that's a competitive business. And certainly, our largest competitor there is being aggressive in the channel and certainly is doing a number of incentives to gain market share or gain mine share. But I would say, frankly, the pricing dynamics are a lot more complicated at the large accounts because they see obviously lesser demand and the opportunity to take advantage of that. So I'd say the pricing environment is probably no different, which isn't to say that it's calm. It's just to say that it's no different. But to the extent the pricing is relevant, I'd say it's probably a little bit more on the major account side.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think that there's 2 things at play here. One of them is the performance of the accounts and the other one is what was our expectation of the performance. I think there are certainly some accounts that certainly have well-known headlines that we knew going into the quarter were going to have some issues associated with them. Certainly, there was concern about the DoD and federal spending and obviously some individual accounts that we're probably are well aware of, that we knew were going to be problematic and we factored that into the forecast. I think that the other ones, we actually probably expected more of our normal Q1 to Q2 seasonality as we think about them, and that's really not what happened. And I'd also add that these were not necessarily problem accounts. These are accounts -- may have them actually on the ascendancy that shows the slowdown. So we want to indicate that we've actually had 9 more problem accounts on our major account portfolio. I think some of those are clearly in the ascendancy with NetApp, which is that we're expecting more from them this particular quarter. I think from competitive pressures, I think, certainly, pricing, clearly in a market where demand is limited and there's a lot of capacity chasing deals, customers are using that to [indiscernible]. But from a pure competitor perspective, in those 9 accounts, there's probably only one that I would say has a meaningful competitive component to it. But I think all the other ones are either macro-related or company-specific.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think, first of all, on the E-Series, probably, there are 2 different data points. One was E-Series OEM business and the other one was E-Series overall. So the E-Series OEM business had a more natural compare of the overall since we just really started with the branded business. That's why that number is a little bit higher. So -- and of course, those are our revenue number. I believe on the last call, I talked about a large $14 million deal that would not come to revenues this quarter, and that's clearly still true if you're wondering where the $14 million went. I think on the broader question, the real question here, as we think about the market and we think about the macro, NetApp's focus is almost exclusively on market share because that's really the true measure of our penetration. And the key component in market share or the only thing that gets actually counted in the market share, as reported by the industry analysts, is actually product revenue growth. So as we think about companies in the space with product transitions and acquisitions and I think we're dealing with a different macro environment this year than we were last year, I think, probably, might be the best way to think about that is actually thinking about sequential growth. So if I look at our sequential growth from last quarter, it was about 5.2% on the product side. So if I compare that to, say, EMC's product growth in storage on the most recent quarter, I think that number is about 1.2%. So you could say, well, it's a NetApp Q1 to Q2, and for them, it's a Q2 to Q3. But if you go back another quarter with EMC and look at the Q1 to Q2 transition to them, that's only about 2%. So in terms -- from a market share perspective, which is really a measure of product growth, NetApp actually had more sequential growth in the last 3 months and EMC's had in the last 6 months as on a percentage basis. So to the extent that we're this 1 or #2 market share players in this market, I'd have to think that our market share gains are greater than theirs.
Thomas Georgens: The one other thing I'd say on the 2240 is we've seen a decline in low-end units over the past, really pretty much over the last 9 months or so. And I would say it'd be really easy for us to just say you should -- we should expect to get all those units back in all of the incremental. But the other thing to notice about our business is that the segments of the market that are most dependent upon products of that class, which is our Volume Channel business, have been the strongest part of our business. So clearly, they moved some of the demands to the newer 3000. So I would expect some of that demand to actually come back from the 3000 into the 2000. So I wouldn't -- it'd be really easy for me to say that it will all be incremental. But I think that there will be some reversed cannibalization of the 3000 just like we saw when the 3000 came out. As far as the enterprise and Department of Defense, or I'll just say U.S. Public Sector, those are big consumers of this class of product as well. And there are some attributes of this product in terms of size and compatibility with prior products, which actually will enable the product transition in our favor here that was held up with the previous generation. So I do expect not only this to impact our Channel business but I do expect that impact our enterprise and our U.S. Public Sector business as well.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think if you think about it from last quarter, clearly, the federal side was a concern for us. We're wrapping up the quarter in the face of the debt-ceiling crisis, and I don't really know whether that impacted us or not. But we also -- on the last call, we talked about the U.S. Public Sector and we talked about financial services. So you can actually argue that it's actually even more concentrated than it was last quarter, so instead of spreading it might actually be contracting. And as far as the accounts are -- we need to look at every single one of them. More than clearly, it's really competitive and/or it's largely competitive, and I think we need to take that on clearly. And I don't think that's less than anybody. But I think most of the other ones, I think, most of those are accounts that are actually doing quite well from a NetApp perspective. And they took a pause. And some of them, obviously, we did some insight to see when we expect them to come back. Some of them will, some of them will pause a little bit longer based on their own company dynamics. So I think that the advantage of it having being a definable set of named accounts is that we can build and actually play in around every single one of them. As opposed to if we saw a broad weakness in the channel that would be 1,000 account problems. So I think there are things that we're going to jump onto. I'd say that most of those accounts are still relatively favorable at NetApp and we're not losing any share in them. We may or may not, depending on each individual situation as you see a rebound in them next quarter and that's what's factored into our guidance.
Thomas Georgens: I think 2007 was -- had a much, much greater concentration in financial services. In fact, I would argue that last quarter's dynamic was more like than 2007 than this one. And I'd also want to be really clear. It’s not like financial services came back in a big way. Certainly, they didn't have a 50-something sequential increase like our Federal business did. So but some of them did come back and some of them came back in a meaningful way. And we anticipated some of that in our guidance as well. So it's not universal. I think last quarter, we had 6 major accounts in financial services and they were all down. It was a bit more balanced this time.
Thomas Georgens: I wouldn't necessarily tie it to the 6000. And simply put is there's 2 things that factor in. One of them is the amount of money that they were down and the other one is the amount of seasonality -- uplift that we were expecting from Q1. So I think there's both of those that come into play. But suffice to say that if they came in as expected, we would've sold even more 3000s than 6000s and there are probably some 2000s as well. So I think that the strength of those business, I think we're heartened by the fact that the significant movements in certainly the high end and clearly that is some indication about the customers and the types of applications we're deployed in, but the 3000 was quite strong. I wouldn't roll out that we'll see some reversed cannibalization of the 3000s going to next quarter moving back to the 2000. But the 6000 remains robust and it could've been even more so, certainly, had some of these accounts come true.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. The one thing I -- just from a point of view of managing the business, I think from this particular quarter, I think, once again, we proved that when we want to put some control on expense that we can snap back, to use the 2007 analogy, I think when things ought to slow down, we said we would get back on the model in the year, we were back in a quarter. The one thing that's a little bit different this time is, on the matter of Thailand, clearly, it's concern about availability of drives but there's also concern about pricing of drives. And from the point of view of managing to the P&L and managing to the business model, I think on a normal circumstance is, clearly, we would modulate operating expenses to protect the business model. But if we think that we're going to get a hit to gross margin as a result of this transaction and certainly with modeling some of that in, then that's going to be temporary in nature. I don't want whip saw the operation and modulate operating expense based on pricing of disc drives. But frankly, to the extent that the gross margin is impacted by the drive situation, that's going to flow through the bottom line on a temporary basis and the operating expense is going to be more modulated by the overall size of the opportunity that we see.
Thomas Georgens: But I think from the point of view of material pricing to us, particularly disc drives, that's factored in. Products' pricing to end users, that -- our expectation is that's not going to be materially different than what we saw this quarter.
Thomas Georgens: So we kind of dropped the flash out of our commentary because flash is now bundled into more and more and more of our systems. It's just becoming an integral part of these types of arrays. And the ability of flash and ATA drives in lieu of higher costs, enterprise drives, clearly drives a cost point that's very, very competitive and it's driven up adoption. So the fact that it's bundled in and not exactly tied to customer preference makes it hard to talk about flash adoption. But I would venture to guess, certainly, on the 6000 and the majority of the 3000, that's an integral part of the solution. In terms of the way we go from here, I think you'll continue to see innovation on the flash side from NetApp, both inside the array and outside the array. I don't want to preannounce any products. I don't think that -- I think through the planning horizon in the model that you guys are trying to put up for Q3, I think you should expect that flash drives are going to be substantial the way it is. As far as PCI flash products, you need to be clear on what the opportunity is there. I think for us, things that are going to represent permanent storage, we want to bring into our data management methodology, so that's clearly our interest. As far as flash-based PCI boards as a revenue opportunity on a stand-alone basis, that's not nearly as interesting to us. But as a vehicle to sell software and broaden our footprint, clearly, that's the vector that we'll be pushing.
Thomas Georgens: Well, from a 2000, it's an every unit item out of the factory, so it's basically the standard operating system that we ship. For the 3000 and 6000, still obviously an option. They are shipping actually a prior version of ONTAP 8 as the default. And they can actually ship a 7.x for some of the models also. So in terms of win rates, particularly around scale-out NAS, it isn't just about 8.1, we're certainly competing with cluster node in that technology with the existing functionality of 8.x. And I think what 8.1 brings to us is not, only the performance that you saw, the new operating system on the platforms clearly is compelling. But what it also does is it reduces the trade off necessary of trading off clustering versus the premium software features. So, many of the premium software features in our standard version of ONTAP are now fully clusterable. And from that perspective, obviously, the product has much broader appeal, not just in scale-out NAS but really around traditional business applications. And we really have very, very, rich data management, which is not typical of products in traditional business applications. And then next clustering, to basically give tremendous flexibility and both scale of performance of capacity and also clustering, is a key-enabling technology, a true nonstop operation. So from our perspective, the scale-out NAS is just about one data point. The real focus of our 8.x journey is effectively to bring clustering and premium software features into the traditional business applications area, which have been relatively modest from an innovation perspective for a long period of time.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I also want to be clear. I want to go back to my first answer is the real dynamic here is not the overall fundamental health of those accounts, it's the performance of those accounts this quarter against our expectation of that performance this quarter that we had 90 days ago. So there are clearly some accounts that might be problematic growth accounts for company-specific reasons. And we knew that going in. And those weren't factored in. And those might be accounts that might be tough for us to drive growth in overtime whether we gain share on them or not. On the other hand, these are accounts where we had higher expectations than what they did, which isn't to say that they're broken or they're damaged and they were losing ground. So -- and some of these accounts are accounts that we've made a lot of progress. And they all did spend money. It's just a question of not as much. So I think from that perspective, I realize that's ultimately not needing to a satisfactory answer, you keep coming back to it. But I'd say that overall, the point is, is that the major accounts, in general, at being a proxy for the broader environment have certainly seen price -- certainly seen pressure, both from a pricing perspective and a demand perspective. And I think that those accounts, being large as they stop and go, have a much bigger impact on our business. So those 9 accounts had a disproportionate amount of our business relative to our expectation, which isn't to say that we're in trouble at any of them. Like I said, I think the competitive pressures are really only relevant in one. And they aren't necessarily the 9 worst accounts because, clearly, we have accounts that we know are going to be problematic and certainly sectors that are going to be problematic, but those were already factored into our forecast. So I just want to be clear that, we only know -- it's not like we only have 9 accounts that messed -- that we're not happy with. I think these accounts will be very strong for us going forward, and there'd be other accounts that are not on this list that we know are problematic, and that was factored to our guidance. And it is continued to be factored into our guidance going forward.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think going forward, it's kind of if we were trying to crank back an operating expense, this will be all the usual things. It would be programs. It would be hiring and things of that nature. If you look at this quarter similar to last quarter, we came in over the top on the EPS side. And clearly, the revenue didn't quite come up for a forecast in either K, so we're quite cognizant of that. So the issue that we're trying to solve here, obviously, is we're trying to drive growth as opposed to deal with operating expense. On the other hand, with some uncertainty ahead, both at macro-economically and also with the Thailand flooding, now we need to be careful about where the top line is going and, therefore, we were prudent this particular quarter. So we still hire 300-and-something people. It's not like we were sitting idlely by, but that's the balance that we need to have going forward is how do we modulate the spending in proportion to the business. But I also wanted to be clear, as I said earlier, is the impact of the Thailand flood, we expect to be temporary. And I'm not going to modulate operating expense too much on that because, a, it's going to be hard to predict, and I hate to just kind of jerk the organization around a set of data points that are changing every day.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think, specifically, on the Isilon case, I mean, certainly, we see them. We see them certainly replacing a lot of Solara. We certainly see them agitating in our accounts. I think when we think about Isilon, clearly, they were targeting us before EMC bought them. And, certainly, that has not led up. It's approximately causing these accounts. Like I said, the accounts that are on the ascendancy, that suddenly stopped buying or paused for a period of time. That wasn’t an intercept of the business by a competitive activity. Certainly, if that was a threat that we're contracting to the forecast 90 days ago, things like that don't happen that quickly. As far as Isilon itself, if you look at the value points that it has around NAS performance, and the other value point has really about manageability of large content tools. From a straight performance perspective, since that’s subjectively measure, clearly the E-Series for high-performance computing, it's clearly much higher performance. Certainly, the benchmark that we just did around SPECsfs around NAS performance and NAS scalability are dramatically less hardware. So I think from a performance perspective, NetApp is more than able to hold its own. In fact, it has a compelling leadership position there. On a general question of manageability, that's kind of a tough thing to objectively benchmark. But if you look at where we're going with that, now with 8.1, the marriage of all the premium features, which don't exist in that particular product and, therefore, it makes it difficult to sell into traditional business applications. And also, kind of the merger where we're heading with the Bycast acquisition and object-oriented stuff effectively going to be bringing the functionality of both an Atmos and an Isilon together, if you will. So I feel good about our roadmap. I think, clearly, from a performance perspective, NetApp is really clearly retaking the high ground. And I think from a manageability perspective, obviously, that's a little bit harder to objectively measure, but I think you'll see much better functionality from NetApp and continued competitiveness on that front. So I guess where I see Isilon is some of the premium side of the business around performance and key scientific applications more than comfortable with our stance there. In terms of large content repository pools kind of lower value data, that's primarily a manageability plague. You'll certainly hear more from NetApp hopefully at 8.1 in the future releases. So from us, do we see them? Yes. Were they important part and parcel of the dynamics of the major accounts? Certainly, we see them, but they were not the primary cause of what we saw in -- from 90 days ago.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, the one thing that I would -- I guess the one question I would put is that don't assume that the fulfillment model for the end customers are static. So the fact that some of our big accounts may choose to go through a channel partner or go through an integrator or the systems integrators now moving more hardware through their business. So the same involvement of our sales reps might actually have a different fulfillment model, and I think that's in play here, too. The flip-side to that argument that I would also argue is don't assume that our Channel business has 0 touch from our direct sales organization. In some cases, I wish it was more independent. But our direct sales organization is actively involved in a lot of accounts. So I think our direct selling motion is clearly creating demand. And the question is, will they fulfill it directly through NetApp or they prefer to go through in a third party. In a lot of cases, that's a customer choice. So we don't actually measure demand creation by channel. So I wouldn't read into that the direct sales force numbers are necessarily indicative of the lower direct sales force productivity.
Thomas Georgens: I think, clearly -- I think 8.1 is a -- and the entire 8.x family is really revolutionary when it comes to storage for data center environment, the ability to bring true clustering and this premium feature set, I think, will help. Obviously, the 2000 will help as well. Clearly, it's not uncommon for us to see pickups in demand. Certainly, the last product release was remarkably successful in terms of conversion of customer demand. So I expect the 2000 to pick up as well. So from an overall branded business, like I said, I think the other thing that you need to put in context is just what you believe about the macro environment. So I think the year-over-year growth numbers are all interesting, but I think we're dealing with a different macro environment. Obviously, NetApp has got other elements of the portfolio now that we can rely upon for growth. And I think if you go back to a sequential number, I think the NetApp sequential product performance is actually pretty darn good this quarter, the 9 accounts or the major account in general notwithstanding. I think 5% sequential growth, and even despite everything else that's going on 4% sequential growth from here. If we sustain that for the next couple of years, that would -- or I should say, if we can sustain that though a difficult period, I think that would be pretty good for us and I think we'll certainly be in a share gaining position.
Thomas Georgens: On the federal side, I mean, clearly, that's been very, very successful for us. We're #1 market share position. Obviously, a lot of speculation in that particular business. I think all things considered over an extended period of time, a lot of other companies that talk about weakness in that area while a NetApp business continue with momentum. So that's a strong sequential growth in that business last quarter. We had growth year-over-year. So with all the headlines, I think we have to be pretty pleased with the overall performance. Did I say that -- would I say that October would slow down? I don't think -- first of all, I wouldn't over play our granularity in that regard. One thing that happens in October is a lot -- we see a lot of systems integrator business that they actually win before the fiscal year end and takes a little while to roll through to us. But I wouldn't say that we saw anything in October that made us any more or less pessimistic than what we saw in September when the deals were actually closing.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think on the question of VNX, in general, the VNX has not been -- the VNX itself has not been that much of a change in the dynamic in many accounts. The VNXe in terms of EMC's channel incentives is something that we've seen more of. Certainly, if you look at the performance of our volume segments, clearly, that's been the strongest part of our portfolio. So I don't think they've slowed us down much. But nonetheless, I'd say that VNXe is something that we see particularly because of that channel push. And I think that's been something that's generated a more discussion within NetApp and actually the VNX itself. I think the VNX itself is -- I think has been inflicting more pain on Dell than it has been put -- inflicting on NetApp.
Thomas Georgens: Thank you, operator. Just one last thing before we wrap up is I wanted to bring up that we are quite aware of a number of press articles about NetApp products being deployed in Syria by our systems integrator named Aria. And the one thing I wanted to be very, very clear about this is I want to assure the people on the call, our customers, our partners, our employees, that we absolutely do not support the sale of NetApp equipment to Syria. I'm not here to suggest that we found a legal way to achieve an objective to sell product to a banned country. We have no intention of doing that, and we are just as disturbed as this product is in a banned country as anybody else. The other thing is that NetApp produces storage products. We don't produce the applications that are being talked about in this particular article. And our products have been deployed in this solution and in a very generic way, and that NetApp does not produce this application or participated in its development at all.  And the last thing I probably want to point out is that NetApp has proactively reached out to the government, and we've offered a full assistance in reviewing the matter, sharing any information that we have about the situation and ultimately get to the facts. At this point, we don't know even whether the story is true or acting as if it were and taking all the appropriate precautions. So I can assure you that this is a situation that we did not actively seek out. We did not choose to sell to the Syrian government. We did not deal with the Syrian government and we're not looking a way to circumvent U.S. law to sell to the Syrian government. We have no interest in providing product to a banned country. I just wanted to make sure that was clear.  So with that, I would like to thank you for your time today and your interest in NetApp, and we'll see you all in 90 days.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure, Jayson, it's Nick. Just to give you perspective on the new products, certainly, there is pick up of new products that's built into the guidance. As we mentioned on the drive side of the fence, we talked about availability through the end of the calendar year. Certainly, it gets a little bit more complicated once you get into the New Year. So what we've built in on the guidance side is many of the positives that we talked about for this quarter continuing the new products coming in, but those overall constraints on drives from Thailand and macro being there that we have to consider when we built the guidance.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, so, Glenn, this is Nick. Just to help you understand, on the operating expense perspective, we've taken some measures there. What you see in the 17% is the impact from Thailand though, right? So that is something that we have to build into our planning and really driving that change from what you might see on the business model side and on that 18-plus percent model that we've been in yet so far. And you'll see it actually in the gross margins that I gave you the guidance on earlier.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, Keith, this is Nick. In the third quarter, we're going to expect to see some impact on those product margins from customer mix from OEM as we get into the third quarter and the end of the calendar year. Those things are built into the guidance and they show up on the product margin side.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Okay. So what's in there is, certainly, Thailand is in there, right? And we're building that in. In addition to that is a customer mix and an OEM mix. Those are the big drivers that are going to be built into that and are built into the product margin guidance for the third quarter.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, Scott, this is Nick. Just in terms of your comment on pick up in major accounts. First of all, again, we go through an account planning and build a view of where major accounts are going to go this coming quarter. Similar to what Tom has said, there wasn't a lot of growth built into last quarter. So we're not expecting a lot this coming quarter. We do a bottoms up, that's built in and that's how we've kind of come up with the guidance on those. On the OpEx side of the fence and really back to a question of operating margin, the operating margin shortfall is really reflected in the gross margin shortfall. And the gross margin shortfall is driven by the cost pressure that we believe is going to come and we're seeing a little bit of in terms of drive situation that's out there. So that's built into product gross margins, that flows through to the overall operating margin line. And I've made reference before to the OpEx as a percentage of revenue is basically flat, so the expense structure we've managed pretty well.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Brent, yes, 2 points there to keep in mind. And, yes, it's pretty close in terms of that sequential decline in product gross margin. The 2 points are first of all, you're going to have a product and customer mix, including the OEM and heavier OEM that happens in the calendar third quarter of every year. That's impacting part of it, and then the Thailand drives are impacting the other part of it. That makes up the basic 3-point change and decline in the product gross margins.
Steven J. Gomo: Yes, I think that's accurate. Keith, Steve here. You're going to see a little bounce back, as I mentioned in my narrative, in the services margin.
Steven J. Gomo: It will be on the order of 60, and then there's not going to be virtually any change at all in the FCM margin. So to your point, the entire impact is in the product margin side of the house.
Steven J. Gomo: I would add -- this is Steve. I'd just add, as far as the past quarter is concerned, remember that in the Fed business also, we have contracts that are in existence today. We own the contracts, and what we're seeing, I think a little bit in the slowdown, there's not as many POS as perhaps people had anticipated we will receive. I think it's tied more to the fiscal situation in the United States than it is to anything else.
