Thomas Georgens: Yeah. I think – first of all on clustered ONTAP, as we went into the year and even as the year progressed is we got off to a pretty good start and we were ahead of our internal plan at the halfway point and it seems like things were picking up. And we felt on prior calls like this, we talked about where the optimism in the second half and we certainly knew that we were going to get easier compares on the U.S. public sector and we certainly saw that come to fruition. And the other side is the breadth of the product portfolio. We had a lot of new products in the portfolio, whether it be E-Series or StorageGRID or OnCommand Insight and that. And the other key thing was that we had the release of 8.3 coming, 8.3 of clustered ONTAP. And it was my full intention that that was going to be a big growth stimulant for us. In terms of feature gaps relative to prior releases and 7-Mode, in terms of customer inhibitors, those have been substantially closed, in fact, almost entirely closed. The really key one on this one was really around high availability for our most complicated workloads. And not only closing features, so it's not like we just caught up to where we used to be. We've got a lot of compelling functionality here that doesn't exist at any other – in any of our raw (35:49) products or any of our competitors' products. Also built in this was a set of tools to help with the transition. We had – around the FAS2000 family, we had efficiency capabilities to make clustered ONTAP the natural target for the FAS2000 as well. And we had a lot of performance enhancements particularly around all-flash FAS and other things around quality of service. So from a technical perspective, I think the confidence was very, very, very high that this was going to be the release that customers were going to go to. And certainly the new customer wins validated our confidence in the value proposition. And this was the one that customers are going to migrate to. And all of that, everything that I previously said, remains unchanged. There is no evidence that customers are rejecting this technology or isn't meeting their expectations. That is not the story that we're getting. I mean clearly the flaw here on our part is that we underestimated the complexity of these transitions, the planning associated with it, and frankly, the dependence on us to help them through that. So I mean at the end of the day, I think these are the most sophisticated customers. These are our largest customers. These are the ones that are running high availability and the process changes, the getting downtime, downtime windows, all of that is proving to be a lot more complicated and a lot more time-consuming than we originally anticipated. So simply put, that's on us. That's entirely our fault and it's up to us to fix it. And the good news here is that there isn't a technical impediment. It isn't something that we wish we had or some technical invention that we need to have to complete the vision here. The product is what it is. It's exactly what we expected it to be, exactly what we wanted it to be, and we need to power through this and get our customers to transition.
Thomas Georgens: Yeah. In terms of shipments, if you look at the various categories of the products, we are well over 50% of the shipments, we're over 70% of the bookings. Our largest machines are in the 80% range. Our mid-range machines are in the 70% range. And the low end of machines really weren't, because of a bunch of technical reasons, really weren't going to convert over to clustered ONTAP until 8.3, and that's happening now. So 50% of the models, but the models that are targeted for clustered ONTAP are well up in the two-thirds to three-quarters. But – and that's an important metric and one that we track constantly. It's not the only metric. The metric that's also important is what percentage of our installed base has converted over? So if customers are in a mode where – the methodology by which they convert to clustered ONTAP typically involves buy new equipment and then basically migrating the data over. So most big ONTAP transitions occur in conjunction with tech refreshes. So if the customers in the category are saying, okay, 8.3 is the least I'm looking for beginning to start my planning process, but I'm not going to buy hardware today and then move to it and then do another migration in the future. I'm going to do both of those at the same time. And that's where the delay comes in. So we could ship 100% of the new systems out the door with clustered ONTAP on them, but if old machines aren't being upgraded then those customers aren't buying those new systems. So that's really the key metric is which – what percentage of our big customers are moving to clustered ONTAP now? Now the question of, well, is there something else at play here? If one of the reasons was if they basically had lost their patience or they weren't going in a different direction, I think they would have gone there by now. Our issue at this particular point in time isn't that customers are waiting for the next 20 things to come along. Our issue is okay, this is the release, we've been waiting for these things, it's here now, how do we go about doing this process? And would they consider a competitor products at this point in time? If the reason that they've been delaying is because they've been waiting for new features to come along, they're not going to go to another product with even a more complicated migration that's actually missing even more features. So I think that the customers that are at this stage are onboard. They're continuing to do service renewals. We certainly see that. And we saw our deferred revenue actually grow year-over-year, which is an indication that people aren't buying the tech refreshes, which hurts us on the product side, but they are renewing and they are continuing to run this equipment, so it's not like they've made other decisions. And I think that as the equipment gets older and with 8.3 meeting their needs, there is a lot of pent-up business behind that and we need to power through it. And could we have been more prepared for it? Absolutely. That's the lesson we're learning here today. But that's the area, the constrained investment environment, that is the place that we are investing our money to get customers through this transition, because the other thing that we see in the data is that those customers that have successfully transitioned to clustered ONTAP, they are doing capacity expansion and software connect rates that are above the industry averages. So from our point of view is the healthiest thing we could do for our businesses is to gather as much of our installed base as possible to clustered ONTAP.
Thomas Georgens: Yeah, I think certainly as we look at our channel base, we have a very, very, very large number of channel partners and a very, very long tail of active partners that aren't doing a lot of business, and a lot of our business is concentrated at the top. So clearly making our largest partners more successful, has been a focus. And in fact, our largest partners actually had a pretty good year with us last year in terms of our reseller partners. I think the channel is also seeing the dynamics around clustered ONTAP. Those that have made the investments, some of our partners were the first to go; in fact that was going to be a differentiator for them and they were going to lead the way. And I think they've done a really good job in terms of getting their customers transitioned, being trained up and actually using this to sell to new accounts. Other of our partners who are back behind this, they're watching customers not necessarily upgrade and that's impacting not only the NetApp business but it's also impacting our mind share with them around the other elements of the portfolio. So as I look at the business, clearly, we got to get the channel partners trained up, get them through that transition, and we also need to get them actively engaged with the rest of the portfolio, both things that are ONTAP based like all-flash FAS as well as E-Series and OnCommand Insight and the rest of it. The one other point that I'd also point out is that it's not only direct and indirect. We look at our customers, we've talked about Storage 5000 in the past, but we have our largest accounts, our big global accounts, and for the first three quarters of this year those were all growing. And it says that where we've got account intensity, even despite these other issues with clustered ONTAP, we were selling other elements of the portfolio, particularly OnCommand Insight, which had a huge year in our big accounts. So where we had account intensity we could basically still drive growth despite the ONTAP slowdown, but it's taken a lot of resources to do it. The next generation of accounts will have adopted the next thousand accounts, beyond that we have what we used to call the rest of the Storage 5000, beyond that the mid-size business. Those bottom two categories which are primarily channel driven actually did reasonably well also. The category where we struggled was that next generation beyond the top global accounts, those are primarily direct led. They may be fulfilled indirect or not, but there is a big NetApp presence in those accounts. And I think that's where the dilution of resources came in. And as we spend a lot of time on our global accounts, make sure we shored them up, but we've not been nearly as diligent on that next thousand. And my simple observation as I watch the business is yeah, there is kind of a tough macro backdrop, there aren't as many deals as there used to be. But when there is business and when we show up and when we compete, we're winning more than our fair share. So win rate is not our issue. We need to be in front of more accounts. And that next thousand is an area focus. That's why we talked about clustered ONTAP transition, we talked about investment in the channel, but we just plain need more sales capacity to be telling this story to more people, and there is just as much conviction about that now as there was 90 days ago, and we're in a situation now where we're back to full strength. We're continuing to investment beyond that, but we also have to go through the training cycle and get people up to speed, and that's kind of where the state of play is here. But there is no doubt that when we show up in front of our people, or our trained partners are in front of people that NetApp can close and NetApp can win.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I mean, these migrations, I don't want to use the word complete around them per se. Some of these migrations and individual customers include hundreds, if not thousands of machines in dozens of countries. And so there is a planning cycle that they need to get through that they could start a migration. So they could be doing migrations through that entire estate over an extended period of time, and that's okay. Well, we can't be in a situation where they aren't starting that process because they're in the planning cycle, and we need to help them with that. So when we talk about investments and helping them through that, in some of those cases we will be directly involved. And in some of those cases where they're very, very strategic and there is a lot of business behind it, we're willing to do that at our own expense because it's in our best interest to do so and the customer's best interest to do so. But the goal is on these really, really big accounts, once they get this thing rolling, you will have a process and it may take some time. But while they were in the planning cycle, at least for that use case and that workload that's on that equipment, they're not inclined to basically make big hardware purchases around equipment that they aren't going to use right away. So from our point of view, it's what can we do to get them over this initial cycle, which is a lot of planning, letting them learn the tools that we have and also in our case, perhaps putting our own professional services resources against this problem and in some cases perhaps even giving them some gear. That's not going to be the dominant case, we're not going to be able to do that across the board. But for some of the big accounts that we need to get going, that are willing to make that commitment if we're willing to invest and help them, that is already underway and we're doing that now in some very, very large accounts.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think a treatise on all those topics could take a long time, but I think – we talked about radical transitions. The radical transition is the cloud, and the cloud dwarfs the impact of any of those other technologies. And some of these small companies, their incremental revenue year-over-year might be $50 million or $30 million or $100 million, and you look at the kind of money that's being invested in the cloud, and the cloud is not just the hyperscalers, it's also things like Microsoft Office 365 and Exchange and things like that that are moving to the cloud. So the cloud transition dwarfs all other transitions. Everything else is technology based, and NetApp is a technology company, and the areas that we invest in we are confident in our ability to basically lead that technology and take leadership positions in those areas. So don't minimize the technology stuff. It's work, it's engineering, it's hard, but that's what we do. The cloud is clearly the much – the thing that's roiling the industry at this point in time. There's no doubt about that. And our view on the cloud is rather than either deny the cloud or declare it a fad, or fight against it or position them as the competition, our view is to embrace the cloud, find a way to monetize it. And that's the rationale between the evolution of our product offerings. We talked about NetApp private storage, where the data remains on your network but you have access to the flexible compute of Amazon and SoftLayer and Microsoft. We've got Cloud ONTAP, the ability to actually run ONTAP, build a virtual machine in the cloud, a virtual system in the cloud and buy it by the hour. And at the end of the day, the story is, is that, the cloud is going to be part of everybody's environment. It won't be everything. We're a firm believer that everybody is going to have some combination of owned infrastructure and cloud infrastructure, and our job as a company, since our strength is data management, is how do we make that data management experience seamless across all of those domains? So one set of tools, one set of processes, one set of backup, one set of replication, whether data is on our equipment or not, or whether it's on-premise are not. And that's the value proposition that we're driving. And that's our definition of software defined. In fact, that's the epitome of software-defined. It's not a point solution for certain workloads. It's not some thin veneer of software over some very dissimilar hardware. This is one set of tools across all of these use cases. So as far as the cloud is concerned, that is the thing that customers are talking about. Everything else, I'm not going to minimize it, we could talk about each one individually if you want, but the cloud is the big change. That's the one that's driving our strategy. And I've been doing a lot of these cloud pitches. I know some of you have seen the initial version of that at Insight, but it works, and we have a lot of momentum around it. Simply put, ONTAP on-premise is the story and the nut that we need to crack in the near-term. The rest of it, whether it be our new products, whether it be our cloud strategy, that is clearly working for us and I'm extremely pleased with how that's going.
Thomas Georgens: Well, the installed base is measured in units is actually growing and growing quite, quite substantially every year. So that – and that's a function of equipment not taking out of service, plus the thousands of new systems that we put out there every day. What we are not seeing is a bunch of machines that mysteriously are no longer being operated and dropping out of our order reporting database. So these machines are reporting back, which means that they are live, customers are applying maintenance on them. So that installed base is continuing to grow. So if there was this big competitive push that was taking us out of all those environments, we would effectively be seeing that go away, and we're not.
Thomas Georgens: In terms of the broader competitive landscape, certainly EMC and the other server vendors, there is usually one of them in every transaction that we do or every competitive situation that we're in. We certainly see the start-up vendors certainly not underestimating, but they are not ubiquitous like the other guys are.
Thomas Georgens: In terms of jump ball workloads, I think they fall into a bunch of different categories, whether it be analytic workloads, whether it be virtual desktop workloads, whether it be new apps workloads, webscale-type of things. I think where we're seeing the cloud and new application development is around a lot of these new workloads. Whether Hadoop is an on-premise solution, or whether we see analytics in the cloud, whether it be some of the customer service, whether it be the mobile apps, those types of things. And I think that those are very, very much a jump ball. I think as far as the other vendors, I'd say certainly the hyper-converge, we see them in those domains. Flash is a little bit different, I think a lot of the flash battlefield is around some of the new workloads, particularly virtual desktop, but that's not big enough to support everybody's flash investment. The other place where we clearly see flash is basically application acceleration in database, and generically high-performance SAN. So for NetApp, high-performance SAN has not been a historical strength of ours. Certainly with clustered ONTAP we want to compete more aggressively there, but that's not the installed base. It's not the NetApp installed base that's being fought over in the high-performance SAN market. So that's an opportunity that with clustered ONTAP and new, now with the all-flash FAS, the latest release and the performance benchmarks that we have that are compelling, it's something that we want to compete on more aggressively. So I'd say it depends on the workload. I think the cloud is more relevant to next-gen workloads. And then we're starting to see flash around things like VDI, but a lot of it around accelerating traditional workloads, particularly around database acceleration.
Thomas Georgens: Yeah, actually I'm glad you ended the conversation that way. I think the lay of the land now based on kind of what we believe is achievable the rest of the year gets us back to our operating model in the second half. And the balance that we have clearly is we spend a lot of time on this portfolio, we know there are things that are under our control that if we can overpower it we believe can unlock growth, and at this point in time I don't want to preclude our ability to do that. So we're making the investments to go after that and go after that aggressively. If it turns out that either the macro substantially deteriorates or our postulate is not correct, although we're pretty convinced that we're on the right track, or any number of other things come in the way and the business doesn't materialize, then clearly our current operating hypothesis will be invalidated and we're going to have to do other things. So certainly there is an opportunity to take more cost out of the infrastructure. I think to take more cost out of the infrastructure now when we know what big bets that we think we're on the cusp of realizing over the next six months to start to see impacts, then I think we want to make those bets now. But if they don't materialize, then clearly we need to rethink what we think the long-term growth rate of this business is, what we think the long-term growth rate of this industry is, and we have to look at our cost structure. So we're not wedded to a dollar figure on the cost structure at this point in time. We're going to be practical. At this point, we took out a certain amount of head count, we took out well more than that and other infrastructure costs in the company, took a couple hundred million dollars out. So we're prepared to do more if the situation warrants, but right now I think we have a structure that enables us to still compete for this business. And if we're right in our hypothesis, then I think we win. And I think that we will be well served by preserving the investments we're making right now.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. So first of all, thank you all for joining us on the call today. And if I look at where we are right now, we spend a lot of time talking about our cloud strategy and while early days and not moving the top-line needle, or not moving it enough, overall that story is working out well for us. If I look at the new products in the portfolio, the E-Series, the OnCommand Insight, those are meaningful businesses, over $100 million each growing 100% per year. I think we're quite pleased with that. Clearly the situation that we're in now and the thing that we need to be very, very focused on, and we need to work our way through is this transition from 7-Mode to clustered ONTAP. And clearly we did not do a good enough job anticipating or putting in place the resources necessary to make that go smoothly for our customers, but that's something we can control and that's something that we can do. It's not a technical impediment for us going forward we just need to get on to these key initiatives that we talked about: getting clustered ONTAP transition; getting our channel partners up to speed and ready and regaining traction with them; and expanding our sales capacity and telling our story to more customers. So those are the bets. Those are entirely within our control. I see a direct line to success in those activities to ultimately revenue growth and that's how we can make the comments about the second half of the year. So thank you very much for your time, thank you for your support, and look forward to seeing you all in 90 days.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Hey, Kulbinder. It's Nick. Let me address your question on the gross margin direction and the operating margin perspective for Q1. So the gross margin for Q1 should be in the 63% to 63.5% range. That includes about a point of foreign exchange pressure in there. I think to get to the operating margin, you have to be, have a couple of things in mind. One is this 14th week quarter we have, this is the once-in-a-six-year event type of thing. So if you build that in, we've actually taken the revenue down on a sequential basis much more substantially than we've done in prior Q4 to Q1 transition. So if I normalize out that 14th week, move in manufacturing that we're doing, I'm down about 15% sequentially versus my typical 10%. Right? You take that down at that 63% to 63.5% gross margin, then you have to go through the operating expense side of the fence. In essence, our operating expenses for the first quarter will be flat to Q4 before the 14th week. If you add in the 14th week, that's an additional about $40 million of expense. So I'm trying to walk you through the pieces of math here, but suffice it to say that the gross margin percentage range should be about 63% to 63.5%, including about a point – reflecting about a point of FX pressure. But you really have to think about the implications of the 14th week on operating expenses, which means operating expenses are going up by that, and then the implications of really what we're doing on the revenue side, which is saying, yes, we get some 14th-week benefit, however, we're taking a step down here to be reflective of the transition we're in.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Well, so first of all, Brian, a couple points. So what I'm saying in terms of revenue for the year is don't expect any more than flat. Okay? So what I'm saying in terms of the operating margins of the company, I would say that the operating margins in the back half we expect to be back in the range that we've talked about before, so I'm talking about beta (40:21) 18% to 20% range in the back half of the year. I also expect that from a cash flow perspective that as we get into that back half of the year we're going to be back to the cash flow ranges that we've talked about generating, which is the 17% to 19% on free cash flow. So I'm not talking about market growth here. What I'm talking about is don't expect more than flat revenues, but expect us from an operating model perspective to get back to those percentages we've talked about as a percentage of revenue for both our profit margin as well as cash, free cash flow as a percentage of revenue. And then I think the other thing here that I pointed out is that we've taken costs out and you should expect that we will be very focused on costs as we roll through this year.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Maynard, it's Nick. Why don't I just point out, we talked about a reduction in gross margin by about a point for the fiscal year. Actually, half of that point is going to be related to foreign exchange, obviously, from the first half of the year. We're going to normalize through that. So yes, there is investment built in, but there is also foreign exchange built in, so you should try to keep that in mind.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yeah. Now, remember, what I'd also indicated at the beginning of this call was that we took down the front quarter associated with this transition, and we expect this transition to get its legs under it and get moving as we get to the back half of the year. So I do expect that the linearity is going to be a little different and that we will be back-end loaded. In addition to that, as you know, we're not going to have an FX compare in the second half of the year, at least at these rates. So it's really the combination of those two things that you should think about in terms of the revenue and the no better than flat revenue guidance that we gave.
