George Kurian: The credits are essentially discounts related to the product bookings that were registered as part of that program. So every transaction that is qualified for the cTAP incentives goes through a deal registration process that we administer. In terms of the program itself, the incentives and enablement that we have conducted include the availability of temporary swing gear on a loan basis to customers that need temporary capacity, some set of incentives around professional services to help them enumerate the cost of the overall migration effort. A majority of the transitions have being done through the partners and there have been strong update and good feedback from the partners in the second quarter of this year, the number of partners that participated in the Clustered ONTAP acceleration program expanded substantially from Q1 across all of the geographies in the world, as well as the number of customer transactions also expanded substantially from Q1. So we’re pleased with progress. We thank our partners for leading in with us on this important effort.
George Kurian: I’ll take the first question and then hand over to Nick. I’d appreciate the next few callers to just stick with your question. In terms of the overall assessments that we have conducted, it’s really focused on both efficiency as well as velocity. And what I mean by that is efficiency around all aspects of our business, structure, portfolio, business process, so that customers find it easier to do business with us as well as partners. In terms of velocity, we feel that having accomplished the efficiency aspects of the program, we will be able to transition our business more quickly in response to changing market landscapes. We’ll just be a leaner, more efficient Company that can be more agile in response to the changing market environment. You will hear more from me over the second half of this fiscal year and over the next few quarters beyond that as we go through the program. Stay tuned it is a fundamental reassessment of all aspects of our Company.
George Kurian: Just to add some color to that, I think when I look across the geographies our large enterprise customers continue to do good business with us across all the geographies. To add some color to the Asia-Pac and public sector comments, in Asia Pac you certainly saw the impact of the slowdown of China, in the countries that were dependent on China either for investment or as suppliers to the Chinese economy. So it was while the overall business met expectations there was a wide range of different countries. I think in terms of the public sector itself. We do large amount of business through the global system integrators and their business was challenged within the public sector model. We also saw in some cases program delays or prioritization of spend towards priority such as cyber security. We feel confident of our position in the public sector business, we are the number one provider of storage and data management and we continue to win our preponderant majority of new opportunities within the public sector.
George Kurian: When we look at portfolio management we look at it on both products and product market as well as customer segments, geographies and all aspects of the business. As I said in my prepared remarks we run a very disciplined portfolio management process which means that for capabilities that are mature in the market we continue to reduce our investments in those parts of the business whether they are pathways, whether they are customer segments or on the product portfolio side and reinvest some of that into the faster growing emerging parts of the market. We returned some of that certainly to shareholders and some of that we reinvest to the faster growing parts of the market, so that's our portfolio management approach and we've implemented it, it's certainly part of the model that you're seeing being implemented in the Company going forward and that's what's driving discipline in the operating expense stack.
George Kurian: We have done a thorough analysis of the business and identified a number of areas to drive fundamental transformation that fundamental transformation is both to improve the efficiency of the business and also make it easier to do business with NetApp. To do those actions will take time to achieve the full desired outcome, but it is what will help the Company both transform our operating expense stack, as well as make it easier to do business with us so that we can drive top-line velocity. The things that we have done are already showing results in the quarter so we have taken some action in the quarter and we said we will take further actions through the second half of the year and you will see more progress updates as we take those actions on. So we are not saying that we're pushing out any action to next fiscal year. We're going to start and we're going to continue to do it over multiple quarters.
George Kurian: First of all I would say that my opening comment is that the Dell EMC transaction is yesterday's solution to tomorrow's customers' problems. It does not fundamentally address the hybrid cloud, it does not fundamentally address the data management opportunity that customers are forced to deal with. It is really about trying to build efficiency in an integrated hardware business rather than the software-defined data center of the future. I think in the near-term based on discussions with multiple customers and partners it is generating a lot of uncertainties for customers and resellers and that is clearly an opportunity for NetApp, which we intend to take advantage of. In the long-term the absence of a compelling story around the ITR section of the future will make their customer value propositions something that we can debate and capitalize on. We are taking action to improve the efficiency of our business to be able to deal with larger scale competitors and be more agile than they are. And I'll summarize at that.
George Kurian: I would tell you that we are in a changing market landscape where some parts of the market are declining and some parts of the market are growing quickly. I would say that it is important for us from a management perspective to apply discipline and maturely harvest the categories of the market that are declining. We do believe that we can continue to gain share even in those declining markets. At the same time we balance every dollar that we have incremental in terms of investing in new market opportunities or returning it to shareholders and that's a careful balance that we continue to have. In terms of our emerging portfolio of products as I said on the call, we are very pleased with the progress in terms of the growth rates of the emerging portfolio the all-flash arrays, the E series portfolio, the hybrid cloud solutions we're very pleased with the progress both in terms of the growth rates as well as the number of channel partners selling it, as well as the number of customers that are adopting multiple products from NetApp to the point you just made. So we will continue to stay disciplined. We have a disciplined market and strategic evaluation process that looks at our portfolio and compares it to the market trends and it's an ongoing evolution in a changing market, so thanks.
George Kurian: Obviously, when we talked about traditional standalone storage systems we were talking about our 7-Mode operating system and the OEM business. I think when you look at the used cases for the E series through the branded channel there are a large number of third platform used cases that are built around the data center of the future. The Clustered ONTAP operating system is also part of the datacenter of the future combining scale out, software-defined and all-flash architectures to enable customers to operate their environments like cloud service providers. So traditional storage we were referring to were particularly around 7-Mode and OEM.
George Kurian: So let me just say that our prior quarter was at 15% and the current quarter is at 17%. So we're not -- we don't see this as a slowdown, we see this as a constant sort of trajectory of customer environments transitioning from 7 to CDOT as well as new shipments getting deployed in our install base. When a new shipment gets sold by NetApp to the customer, it usually takes a little while before it actually shows up in our install based measuring system because of the time it takes for the customer to get it ready and deploy it. So sometimes the quarter boundary is not the perfect answer and so we see this as part of our ongoing trajectory. In terms of capacity deployed and capacity managed, we don't breakout those numbers they are essentially a measurement of the valuable of Clustered Data ONTAP in terms of being able to consolidate multiple systems and provide for large-scale data management in a very efficient fashion for customers, so we are pleased with that statistic as well.
George Kurian: I would say there is two or three factors. The first is I want to thank our European sales leadership team. We have a deep experienced, well executing sales leadership team and a group of loyal channel partnerships who we have enabled with our technology sets and that has driven consistency in terms of the execution of the European organization. It is also translating our investments in the channel as well as the capacity investments we have made in the field into results. The second is we have introduced capabilities that were specific to the European market. So for example Clustered Data ONTAP there is a high availability configuration of it called Metro Cluster that is built for European, with European datacenters in mind and that gives us a far superior solution for Europe than any other competitor in the market. So it’s both technology as well as great execution on the ground.
George Kurian: Yes, Aaron, actually if you go back to some of the discussion that actually happened in May we are talking about a cash from ops for the year that was going to be coming in, in let’s say the high 100 million range if you backed through the math and then redeploying to shareholders over 1 billion so over 100% redeployed to shareholders. When I look at our forecast today they are moderately south of that but we are not talking about material numbers. So it is mid-teens is the expectation for the second half of the year. There has obviously been some pressure here in the first half, there has been some noise in terms of Q1 versus Q2 but overall for the year we should be generating a cash from ops range in the $800 million to $900 million range and that is not that significantly different from what we even talked about back in May.
George Kurian: I would say that first of all it’s hard for us to breakout specific segments because essentially our all-flash arrays are part of our core Clustered Data ONTAP business. I would point you in terms of the places where the business is declining to 7-Mode and our OEM business as we said the 7-Mode business is down to 30% of new shipments down from a much, much larger number a year before, Clustered Data ONTAP is 70% of new shipments and so you can draw your conclusions in terms of when that transition will happen. The majority of our business has already transitioned to the go forward platform. I will leave you with that. The majority of our business has already transitioned to the go forward platforms in the E series branded versus OEM in the ONTAP and FAS business Clustered ONTAP versus 7-Mode.
George Kurian: Thank you for joining us today. I would like to conclude by saying we continue to make progress as we pivot towards growing parts of the market. Scale out, software-defined, flash, converged and hybrid could. Our key investment areas is sales capacity, channel traction and the acceleration of the transition of our install base to Clustered ONTAP are showing early results. Clustered ONTAP, flash and other emerging pieces of our portfolio are growing strongly although not yet to enough to offset the decline in our ONTAP 7-Mode business. Our customers are transforming themselves using digital technology connected with pervasive broadband networks and cloud computing to improve the efficiency of their business, their global business systems and better serve their customers. Data is at the heart of that transformation and where NetApp has a unique and valuable role to play. Feedback from customers and partners is overwhelmingly positive and reaffirms my strong conviction that our data fabric strategy is aligned to our customers’ strategic technical direction for IT. NetApp is the only Company that can help enterprises manage their data seamlessly across multiple cloud architectures with the scale and modern system architectures needed to accommodate the exponential data growth of the digital era. NetApp is changing to position the Company for long-term growth. We are conducting a fundamental assessment of every aspect of our business, structure, portfolio and process, to reduce complexity and drive efficiency, while improving our overall velocity. We will build a stronger more efficient Company that solves customer challenges, while delivering profitability and earnings growth in a moderated IT spending and storage market. Thanks for joining us and I’ll speak with you again next quarter.
Nick Noviello: And Jim just quickly, with respect to the cash flow, I think this is consistent with the slow start up of the year right. The first half was intended to be a rebuild, both of the pipeline and a rebuild of the business condition. You saw that in terms of even the operating margins as we grew up in the first half year. You can see it in net income. Second point would be that as we look at the second half, our view is that we’re going to be in the mid-teens in terms of cash flow as a percentage of revenue in the second half. So, that clearly washes out all of the implications of timing, 13-week versus the 14-week quarter and all of those pieces.
Nick Noviello: Hi Lou this is Nick, so a couple of things. I think if you back through the guidance, you will see an implied reduction quarter-over-quarter, so a sequential between Q2 and Q3 reduction in operating expenses overall. Also it’d say that 47% of revenue in Q2 is not the type of level we expect for the business, in the long-term, or in the long-term models. So, more to come, and we’ll talk more about that, George indicated that he’d spend more time talking about the portfolio and all of the things we’re looking at, but suffice it to say for purposes of the Q3 guide you can back through that and see that we expect operating expense to be down sequentially and down even as a percentage of revenue versus Q2.
Nick Noviello: Sure, Kulbinder let me start with that, so certainly if you look at the gross margins and specifically the product gross margins for the quarter on a year-over-year basis we have a 2.5 point impact alone from foreign exchange, we don’t expect that type of thing and in fact that will start to mitigate as we get certainly to Q4. We do have higher discounting, I made that clear. Last quarter and actually in Q4 I talked about higher discounting, it's about two points impact on a year-over-year basis to product gross margin this quarter that we have to work through, that is the aggressive pricing actions going on in the industry right now, we have to look it. That said, overtime we’ve shown that we can move margins here and in fact over a several years we did exactly that. Finally, I would say that on the services side of our business the team has done a really good job in terms of leveraging the cost base and servicing the enormous install base of customers that we have. So I think it's a combination of items certainly the aggressive pricing environment it is something that we have to be reflective of, the portfolio is something we spend a lot of time working on and thinking about and the uptake of Clustered ONTAP with customers and those actions on the hybrid cloud portfolio overtime we expect to see benefits to margins of the Company.
Nick Noviello: Okay Sherri, let me just start on that for a second, so if I take the impact of currency out our EMEA business actually did really well in the quarter and that EMEA business year-over-year without currency was up 8%, Asia was up 3. The challenge obviously was in the U.S. public sector down 22, no foreign currency impact there. I think that to start and I am sure George may have a comment or two as well, I think the EMEA team has done an incredible job really over the course I am going to say no of this last year plus of taking Clustered Data ONTAP and the promise of the portfolio and the data fabric and bringing that to customers, I think it started there. And Asia, we obviously had some very strong areas, we have some that are more challenged and we have some macroeconomic implications in Asia that we’re just going to have to work through and the team there is working through it. In the U.S. public sector, there is a variety of things going on that we just have to be aware of. I would say that we are not anticipating a recovery in the U.S. public sector as we move into Q3.
Nick Noviello: Andrew it's Nick. Let me get you started on that part of the first half activity as we talked about it back in May and then again in August on our calls was to rebuild pipeline, and the team has been doing a really important effort around just that, putting sales capacity and rebuilding channel partner relationship et cetera. So I think the work continues to go on there, that's not something that's going end, it's going to be something that continues. In terms of linearity in the quarter, the second quarter is a quarter that encompasses both the federal year-end in September and then our quarter end in October. When I look at our position at the end of the quarter, end of the quarter versus the sort of the end of the quarter a year ago is not much different there. So the linearity, I think is pretty normal in terms of overall what has happened year-on-year, I realize the pieces there is anomalies, I should say there are anomalies in this 14 week quarter from Q1 which we see every six years. So, hopefully, we will not have that type of thing talk about for another six years, but other than that the linearity is really consistent with what we expected and our position going into Q3 consistent with what we had going into Q3 even last year.
