George Kurian: We have been and continue to be disciplined around the cost structure of the company. I think if you look into our plans for this fiscal year, there are already expense containment strategies in place that improve the target operating model of the company back to our guidance range within the second half of the year. So we have plans already in place. I continue to inspect them and I’m also rigorous that we align the resources of the company against the biggest opportunities and harvest the mature parts of our portfolio for profit. In addition both Nick and I are studying the evolution of the storage market and we’ll have a broader perspective to you about the operating structure of the company as well as the way to maximize both the return on our assets as well as shareholder value at our next earnings call.
George Kurian: The growth that we see is from both the investments in sales capacity translating to pipeline expansion and is a combination of customer acquisitions and usage of Clustered Data ONTAP for new workloads within existing customers. The pace of transitions from 7-Mode to Clustered ONTAP within our install base will be benefited from the work that we’re doing to make it easier for customers to transition but will be prioritized against their broader landscape of IT priorities. So we are by no means counting on just installed base transitions to drive growth. We’re counting on the pipeline expansion and the capacity investment that we’re making to drive that upside.
George Kurian: I think at the highest level when we talked about percentages, we talked about the percentages of FAS shipments and we said that the 7-Mode systems were down to 20% to 35% of FAS shipments from 75% year ago and the clustered ONTAP 8 version are up to 65% of FAS shipments from 35% -- from 25% a year ago. So there is a dramatic growth in clustered ONTAP systems as a percentage of our total mix as well as just year-on-year and it represents the value propositions of Clustered ONTAP. Those include shipments being made to new customers, new workloads within existing customers and as we mentioned some early benefit from the transition programs that are under installed base. I would say that on the last bucket meaning the transitions were still very early in that program it seems some good momentum and confidence building within our customers, but hasn’t materially translated into results yet. 
George Kurian: Okay. So if I think about deferred the software entitlements and service revenue, on a year-over-year basis in Q2, I would expect those things to go up and not going to go up dramatically, they are not going to be reflective of 14th week because there will be no such things. Okay. On the product revenue side and I think the real question is what's going to happen with product revenue? On a sequential basis, we expected a pretty reasonable increase in product revenue. Why is that? That is because at the time we came to the end of Q4 we did not have a pipeline on the product revenue side and we had to rebuild that pipeline. What we're seeing and what we're doing as we build up the guidance for Q2 is that we're going to see some return on the product revenue side and that's reflected in the guidance that we pulled out there.
George Kurian: First of all, I think we have a strong portfolio of technologies that are relevant to the modern architectures within our customers. In some cases it is developing core technology. In other cases it is qualifying our technology for emerging used cases within our customers because solutions development. I think that is all well underway and we feel good about the portfolio we have. We're also constantly looking at the evolution of our customers perspective on the IT landscape, their requirements for data management and we'll always be on the lookout for M&A tuck-ins where they make sense have strategic fit, have the right financial criteria associated with them and we have a disciplined way of scanning the landscape and discussing with our customers their choices ahead of them and for us.
George Kurian: We're as a percentage of our install base, we're about 15% of the total install base and remember the install base is growing and last quarter we were at 11% of the install base. So pretty good sequential growth.
George Kurian: Okay. So Maynard, why don't I just get started. So second quarter is when we generally see the Government, the U.S. Government I should tick in. So our bottom up includes our expectations from the U.S. Fed. It includes our view of contracts that are taking shorter, longer or sideways in terms of the time to land them. As you know we have a very strong presence there and a very good business condition overall and value proposition for them. So the second quarter will include U.S. public sector element to it, a federal fiscal yearend element to it. We plan on all of those. We look at risks or opportunities to those as we build that bottom-up guidance.
George Kurian: I would say that if you were to look at two dimensions of new workloads being captured, I think the first one is new to NetApp customer where clustered Data ONTAP has given us a footprint that we didn’t have before. And as we said in our commentary that has seen strong growth up triple-digits 225%, and so that’s a measure of competitiveness of Clustered ONTAP in net new to NetApp environments. Within existing NetApp customers, the preponderant majority of Clustered ONTAP sales have been to new footprints. As we mentioned the percentage of our installed base that has migrated from their legacy 7-Mode environments to Clustered ONTAP has been small.
George Kurian: So let me answer first the perspective I’m taking is a broad perspective looking at all aspects of the business, both the operating model of the company as well as the opportunity to optimize our capital structure to maximize returns to shareholders.
George Kurian: We’ve had a strong start to the year in the European theater with all of our parts of Europe doing very well year-on-year both especially with FX being accounted for. So that’s a reflection of both the Leadership Team in Europe as well as the value proposition for Clustered ONTAP. Some of the key features that our European customers were waiting for were made available to them in 8.3 and that is now translating into results from the capacity investments as well as the product readiness. Within APAC, we continue to monitor the situation in China. Of course our China business is a small business and hasn’t been affected by the changes in China, but we’re evaluating the impact of the Chinese economy for the rest of the Asia Pacific Theater.
George Kurian: The focus for our E series business is on the branded customer business and it is about building pathways to market through our more traditional routes to market resellers, system integrators and service providers. I think we feel good about the progress we’ve made. We think we feel good about the relationships that we have with enterprise and service provider customers who look to buy directly from us or through our reseller model and so we feel that the acquisition does not materially affect that business.
George Kurian: When we look at that right, so there is sort of two or three sets of used cases within our existing customers. One is competitive displacement or new workload growth. We're certainly seeing a strong set of trajectory around that. The second is replacing 7-Mode for a workload that could have run on 7-Mode, where they choose to go to a new architecture. That certainly happens as part of footprint and then the percentage of those where you have a workload that is running on an old 7-Mode system that now gets essentially upgraded and converted to a Clustered ONTAP system, the last one is a small percentage of the total.
George Kurian: Thank you. I would like to conclude by saying I am excited and honored to lead NetApp through the industry transition. I want to extend my thanks to the entire NetApp team for your hard work and for your support as we create opportunity for NetApp during this transition. We're taking action to better address the trends in the storage market and will manage our portfolio of solutions to target the requirements created by those trends. Our strategy resonates with partners, enterprises and service providers and we're making investments to ensure we're engaging in more customer conversations an opportunities. Those investments are yielding results that position us for a successful future, but we have more work ahead of us. We're committed to enhancing shareholder value and plan to return to our target operating model in the second half of this fiscal year. Our focus on cost structure, stock buyback program and dividends are important demonstrations to this commitment and to our confidence in our future. Thank you all for joining us and I'll talk with you again on our next earnings call with a further update on how we're evolving the business to deliver greater value to customers and shareholders.
Nick Noviello: Hey Amit it’s Nick as well, let me just get real granular for a second. If I look on a year-over-year perspective or first half to second half perspective, I would expect that the expenses of the company, the operating expenses would be down in the second half of the year. So we have operating plans and we’re operating against all of those plans across the functions to achieve just that. We also have the additional levers of gross margin that you can imagine we always look at. We always look at our spending there. We always look at our structure on that side, work for suppliers etcetera and then even to go further up the stack the value we get out of our software value proposition.
Nick Noviello: Yeah. Thanks Alex. So just to be clear so on that product gross margin for Q1 versus Q1 a year ago, yes it was a pretty significant decline in gross margin percentage. Half of that was FX all by itself okay. So you're seeing that FX really hitting the product side of the fence versus the deferred side of the fence. In addition to that, it’s a combination of volume and mix which you would expect given the rebuild of the pipeline and some discounting. So we talked about discounting last quarter. We talked about again discounting this quarter. I indicated that I would talk about that to the degree that it changes on a year-over-year basis. So you can imagine with a lower pipeline and a need to rebuild those are the types of things we have to work through. Over the course of the year in terms of product gross margin, we’re going to expect that FX certainly fades in the back half of the year. We shouldn’t have assuming there is not another dramatic change out there, we shouldn’t have the type of compares we’ve had. So we’ll back to the typical which is looking at the mix of business. We'll be looking at the combination of pricing, discounting and savings of the supply chain to really look at the gross margin there. So that’s probably the good perspective for you.
Nick Noviello: Yes Katy, let me start on that and if George has a perspective he can weigh in as well. Remember the first half of this year was about pipeline rebuild. We’re talking about pipeline rebuilds from a perspective of rebuilding sales capacity, of channel investments, of C-DOT transition programs and we’re seeing the beginning of those things. So in terms of the back half of the year, what we expected to happen and what we’re seeing the early -- the green shoots on if you will, those metrics are coming in and they’re starting to build and we expect to monetize some of that in the second half. Is it a dramatic shift of product revenue from the second quarter, let’s say to the third or the fourth, I wouldn’t call it a dramatic shift. Certainly the first quarter was impaired and we knew that coming into the first quarter. The maintenance streams of the company, we can look at those year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter and that's reflective of that installed base. The installed base as we indicated continues to grow. It’s a combination of new renewal and that and we see that -- sometimes we see that in short terms. Sometimes we see that in longer term thesis. So is there a dramatic shift from the second quarter to the second half of the year, I wouldn’t say it’s a dramatic shift. Obviously we expect some uptick in terms of product revenue. We will no longer hopefully have the FX pressure on product revenue, but certainly Q1 was a low point and Q1 was reflective of what happened to the pipeline and Q1 is really the area where we’re going to be the lowest.
Nick Noviello: Well if you’re talking about a sequential basis from Q1 to Q2 obviously there is going to be an uptick we expect on the product revenue side. That is a granular build up we do of pipeline and a granular build-up we do of our expectations for the quarter. Obviously the -- what comes in off the balance sheet on the software and hardware components, we know very, very well. So there is a sequential increase on the product revenue side of a sense in Q2 that's reflective of some of that pipeline that started to build up, started to build in the metrics there. It is a pretty significant increase quarter-over-quarter sequentially. So a year from now I will be reminding you of that but that is built on our bottom up projection of the business.
Nick Noviello: Yes Lou, I’m not going to get into a granular level of specific there, but really the $40 million of the 14th week was in software and was in the service revenue lines. So it's all there and in fact you can see it on the deferred revenue side of the fence. So deferred revenue was down pretty substantially in Q1 on a year-over-year basis and we haven’t seen that kind of decline really in quite some time. If you take $40 million out of that, which is a deferred component, you get back to a number of that, we’re not thrilled about, but that's a lot closer to those types of sequential decline we’ve seen before. So what we expect to happen is obviously that 14th week doesn’t occur again in Q2. We go back to a 13th week. We won’t talk about 14th week again for six more years from now. So we’re going to look at those pieces. It obviously means that the amount of revenue of $40 million was shared between software and hardware and the share was 18 and 25 respectively that's not going to occur again in Q2.
Nick Noviello: I think to answer your question in terms of the discussions we have with our customers, I've actually had several meetings with customers from all different parts of the world and I am just headed out to Asia Pacific as well. I think the things that encourage me are the breadth of discussions we have and the adoption of multiple products in our portfolio by the enterprise customers that we work with. I think they are expanding the range of things they're doing with us and we're excited and encouraged. Strong growth in terms of the number of customers, enterprises buying multiple products from us for broad set of used cases.
Nick Noviello: Okay. And then my quick clarification on the 303, this is what we’ve done based on the first 10 days of the quarter. So we have not in the past and don't in the future plan to project out what we'll by over the quarter is really based upon first 10 days what happened last quarter and how that falls and depend really just the first 10 days of volume.
