Mike Berry: Sure. So hey, thanks for the question, Karl. So there’s two parts of that. So the first thing is when revenue is constrained and we’re not able to ship or invoice, it does not go into deferred revenue. So it does not go on the balance sheet until it’s actually invoiced. So if we’re not able to ship, it does not go on the balance sheet. On deferred revenue, this is a super important question; I’m going to tie it also to support revenue. When you look at the year-over-year growth for the last seven quarters of total deferred revenue and total support revenue, that has averaged somewhere between, call it, 4% to 6% when you take into account the impact of FX. So to be more specific, in Q3 and Q4 of last year, Q1 of this year, we had a benefit of FX of 2 to 3 percentage points. This quarter is actually a headwind of 1 percentage point. So when you normalize deferred revenue and support revenue, and those two are going to go almost hand in hand for the FX impact, you’re going to get between 4%, 5% or 6% on an annual basis for all of those. So hopefully, that answers the question. Again, if we don’t ship it doesn’t go into deferred and then deferred and support also have been impacted by FX and they would largely move together. Thanks for the question.
Mike Berry: Yes. So we haven’t guided fiscal 2023 yet. We’ll talk about that on the next call. What we would tell you is that we wouldn’t expect any change in our seasonality from Q4 to Q1. That’s been relatively consistent. The one thing I’d ask you to think about as well going into Q1, and both George and I talked about it, is the growth in cloud ARR is starting to have a much bigger impact positively on revenue growth as well as gross margins, which goes to up. And so that would be the one area I would ask you to consider as you do your models for next year. And again, we’ll guide Q1 on the Q4 call. Go ahead, Mehdi.
Mike Berry: Yes. So thanks for the question, Wamsi. So we do – going into Q1 after Q4, assuming Q4 plays out as we expect that really all depends on the availability of supply and specific supply. And mix matters here a lot. George talked about the components affecting a lot of the products across our portfolio. So as it sits today and as we look into Q1, we would expect to see some of that flow into fiscal 2023. When that’s going to hit really depends on where we are from a supply chain perspective and specific components. And again, we’ll update you on the Q4 call in terms of Q1. And certainly, the backdrop is to say we feel really good about the demand environment. Timing of those are really dependent on the supply chain situation, Wamsi.
Mike Berry: Hey, Aaron, it’s Mike. So thanks for the question. So this is super important. So just as a context, as you look at fiscal 2023, just a couple of things for you folks to think about. We really think we executed well on the things that we can control in Q3. And we’ve raised guidance and revenue ARR and EPS, largely due to the great work of the team. And we have multiple new highs. We would expect to continue to execute well going into fiscal 2023. This is, as we sit today, we’re not guiding Q3, but what we would say is, hey, let’s do a replay of what we have said, and I think this will help you, which is product revenue has grown for four straight quarters. We expect that to continue into next year. We’ve talked about the supply chain issues. We expect to moderate as we go through the first half of fiscal 2023. So, we would hope and expect that we would get back to that mid-50s during the second half of next year. And that’s really driven by the three things George talked about, the improving supply chain situation, freight and expedite and the impact of the price increase. So as you look at next year, yes, we would expect to get back sometime in the second half of the year. Hopefully, that helps you with your modeling. Again, we’re not giving guidance for Q3, just as we sit today. But hopefully, that helps a lot, Aaron.
Mike Berry: Sure. So this is Mike. I’ll take the first part. So we finished cloud ARR at $469 million, as you referenced 98% growth. In that number CloudCheckr represented about $35 million of ARR. So their core organic business, about $434 million, that was a year-over-year growth of about 83% versus 80% in Q2 and 89% in Q1. So really nice growth on the organic business. And as we called out, that was really driven by Azure NetApp Files, Cloud Insights and Spot.
Mike Berry: Yes. So an answer to the first question is the large majority of the PCS business is generated in the Americas, to the extent that there is international business that flows through entities internationally, we would certainly report it that way. The strong results in the Americas, as you mentioned, they did have a very strong quarter. That's where we saw a lot of the strong order growth coming in. So the Americas had a good quarter, both in the Hybrid Cloud and the Public Cloud segments, Rod.
Mike Berry: Okay. Great. So I'll go back over what basically Aaron's question, so we're exiting – when you look at the different revenue components, four straight quarters of growth in product. We've guided for the fifth in Q4, and we expect that to continue in 2023. On a year-to-date basis, product is up about 11%. Support, we've talked about when you normalize for FX, hey, the last seven quarters, it's been a 4%, 5%, 6% grower. And again, look hard at deferred revenue, especially short-term deferred because more than 90% of support revenue in a quarter comes off the balance sheet. The cloud ARR, again, we'll update you in March, but you can do your own forecast there. As I talked about in my script, cloud contributed four of the 10 percentage points of growth in the quarter. So it's really starting to have a meaningful impact. And then, hey, nice results in professional services, but it's pretty small. So those would be the puts and takes going into next year. The one thing to keep in mind is that's largely organic. We'll continue to obviously be disciplined acquirers, but we do look to expand our cloud portfolio next year as well.
Mike Berry: Sure. So Shannon, its Mike here. On OpEx, yes, we did come in a little bit below guidance. That was really driven by timing of program spend. And quite frankly, we had baked in being able to hire more folks than we were able to. So that were – those were the two big drivers. From Q3 to Q4, we've talked about it, hey; we want to make sure that we're investing in the areas that drive growth. So the increase is driven by cloud, both in sales and in product. There is some program spend that we didn't spend in Q3 that will flow into Q4. And then there's always timing around things like commissions, so that's Q4. And it's a great question on toggling OpEx. I mean, again, our view is this is temporary. It's going to work its way through to 2023. Therefore, we don't want to do anything that hamstrings the growth in the business. If something changes during 2023, we'll certainly take a look at it, but that's not our stance today. The Asia revenue drop that you saw is really driven by two things, largely supply chain and us not being able to deliver. So that was mostly supply chain related versus we were able to deliver more in the other geos, which is why you saw that year-over-year drop in revenue.
Mike Berry: Yes. So Amit, this is Mike. So we go down in the segment reporting the gross margin. At this point, we don't have any plans to go down to operating margin. We'll continue to look at that, but we're going to report segment reporting revenue down to gross margin.
Mike Berry: So the majority of the headwinds are from components versus freight. Freight and logistics are there, but the components are a bigger piece of that. And then we won't quantify what that was from a revenue perspective, what we'd say is that's all baked into the Q4 and full year guidance that we gave.
Mike Berry: Yes. So there was a previous question on that. What we'd say is to the extent that we have supply available and we're able to deliver those, then they could flow into Q1. We're not guiding Q1 yet. We'll do that at the end of Q4. But that is almost entirely dependent on the supply chain situation. And mix matters here, it's super important in terms of what is the mix and what are the components.
George Kurian: First of all, with regard to the large items in our bill of materials, meaning processors, DRAM, hard drive, solid-state storage, we have a very well-managed supply chain and have seen continued support from our leading suppliers. Most of our storage media are multi-sourced as you would expect. And we have had really good engagement from them. I think the places where we have seen supply decommits have been mostly in analog semiconductors. These are low volume – low value components that are used across a lot of our product families for things like voltage stabilization and other kinds of analog functions in those systems. So they are broad-based across our systems portfolio, and which is why we’ve had to resort to, in some cases, open market purchases to offset constrained supply or supplier decommits that we saw in the middle of Q3. With regard to the logistics, as you all know, cargo airfreight has been the major source of distribution of both parts and finished products, and airfreight was impacted by Omicron. We’re hopeful that we can see a steady recovery as we head into fiscal year 2023 of both parts availability and logistics constraints. And I can certainly share with you the multistep action plan that we have taken that includes engineering programs, that includes strong supplier engagement, that includes pricing uplifts and discount management as well as close customer engagement to get us through this process.
George Kurian: Yes. With regard to our customer footprint, we are winning with multiple elements of our portfolio. All-flash arrays continue to be well ahead of market growth rates, which is a clear indication that we are gaining share, and we are doing that by both winning new workloads in existing customers, as well as new customers. Our cloud portfolio, as I mentioned with an example on our call, gives us strength not only in net new to NetApp customers on the Public Cloud, but also an opportunity to displace their previous suppliers in their data centers as they harmonize their cloud environment with their data center environment and our CloudOps portfolio, Spot, Cloud Insights, CloudCheckr have been a source of great new customer additions.
George Kurian: Okay. Let me take that in two parts. So let me first talk about the NAND, SSD market and then talk about the rest of the supply base, if that’s all right? On the NAND side, we obviously have strong supplier relationships across the memory industry and are clearly multisource for all elements of our supply portfolio and SSDs. With regard to the recent incident impacting one of the members of that industry ecosystem, they, as you know, are not our leading supplier for SSDs. And so we feel good about the work that we’ve done on our SSD base. There may be some increases in prices in SSDs, but our engineering and manufacturing team has done a super job, and we expect that for the go-forward, the total storage media cost will be flat year-on-year. So we feel good about that, offsetting certain elements of the supply base with other elements of the supply base. With regard to the broader – why do we believe product gross margins are a trough in Q4, listen, there’s been a lot of work that we have undertaken to deal with the supply constraints? Clearly, we have most of the large volume items and the high dollar items in our supply base are well managed, and we do not see them impacted by the supply constraints that we have seen so far. There are certain elements of our supply base that we are dealing with, with decommits in the quarter that has required us to be in the open market. And we have engineering qualifications going on for all of the major elements to create alternate sources of supply or to engineer our way around those supply constraints. And some of those engineering solutions have reached the market and will come to market over the course of the first half of fiscal year 2023. The second – the third element is pricing and discount management. As you know, we have communicated previously that we did raise prices in the fall, and we have recently also communicated another impending price increase that takes effect this month. Those two price increases will have the primary impact later in Q4 and going through, for the most part, the benefit will be seen in fiscal year 2023. And those are all the mechanisms that cause us to feel confident that while we have been dealing with the constrained supply base, we have put in place a lot of controls to allow us to feel better about the path forward.
George Kurian: I think we’re pleased with all of our partnerships. Azure NetApp Files was a really strong performer this quarter as it has been for several quarters now, which demonstrates both our ability and knowledge of how to scale a hyperscaler relationship and the enormous strength and leverage that gives us once it’s scaled. I would say the earliest of the three is Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP. We announced it in September, and we are very, very pleased with the level of trials and early activity. They have frankly, surpassed our expectations, but it’s early in the going. And so it takes time to translate those trials into paid customers and to expand the relationships across the FSx. So, I would say we’re excited, but we’ve got a lot of work to do, and we know where, what that work is. And so you should expect, broadly speaking, I see FSx about 18 months behind where we saw AMS with Microsoft Azure. Google is in between. Google has – we have seen several big customer successes with Google, and we are working to expand the range of workloads and the range of use cases with them across the portfolio.
George Kurian: As Mike mentioned, the new partnerships are not material contributors yet. We are excited about the potential, but you should see that potential realized over the next few years. I think that in the past quarter, the vast majority of the acceleration comes from both new customer additions as well as when you see a really strong dollar-based net retention rate. It shows that once the customer uses one of these cloud portfolios, they expand their use quite substantially. So, I think that’s where the vast majority of the progress has been.
George Kurian: Listen, we don't see any unusual behavior. We have close relationships with our customers. Clearly, we are monitoring, given the supply chain situation, a very, very tight inspection of our order backlog and our order pipeline. We see healthy broad-based demand but no sense of shadow demand or multiple purchases in our pipeline. So we feel good about the sort of the real demand in the business, and we're doing as much as we can to meet it. Demand, as Mike has said, is outpacing supply.
George Kurian: Listen, I won't give you a specific number. I'll just say your read of the industry and our participation in it is in the target range, right? So obviously, we monitor the behavior of the industry and the cost of our supply, and we take appropriate action. We've taken two actions as we mentioned earlier, one in the fall and the second one in February, and we should see the benefits of those play out over time. We have to give our customers the benefit of those orders that are already in flight. Our quotes that are in flight, you have to honor them to be a good partner to customers. But over the course of Q4 and certainly heading into the new fiscal year, you should see the benefits of that come into the business. With regard to the likely duration and so on, listen, we always trade off being a good partner to customers with the need to maintain margins in our business. It's too early for me to comment. We will continue to monitor the situation, and if we make changes, we will let you know.
George Kurian: Demand, as we said, demand is outpacing supply. We've been aggressive to meet demand wherever we could. And I'll just say, our team executed really well. I think that we'll just be transparent. Demand has outpaced supply both in Q3 and we expect in Q4.
George Kurian: I think, first of all, listen. We know we are clearly ahead of our $1 billion ARR target. We will communicate the long-term targets and our perspectives on the cloud business at our Investor Day, right? So I am really excited about the portfolio we've built. We started with cloud storage. We have natively integrated cloud storage with the world's leading cloud providers, and you are seeing the acceleration of that business. We also expanded our cloud portfolio with a strong position in cloud infrastructure management with Spot, Cloud Insights, CloudCheckr and now Fylamynt helping the entire portfolio get easily adopted by customers. And so I really do feel like we have built two strong beachheads in markets that are expanding to our overall TAM and are demonstrating the ability for us to get new customers and cross-sell and upsell them a lot of different things. So I'm really excited about our portfolio. We continue to be disciplined acquirers and manage shareholder returns, both with investing for the long-term growth of our business while returning a significant amount of free cash flow to shareholders.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we continue to see steady broad-based demand, right? It's very solid. It's across a lot of different industries, a lot of different verticals, and they are for use cases that are headline news in the industry, digital transformation, cloud enablement, unstructured data analytics, artificial intelligence, ransomware protection. I mean these are all well-known use cases with broad secular demand. I did not believe that there was a V-shaped recovery, to be honest. I think IT departments are mature buying centers, and they buy steadily over time. I think the year-on-year compares in some cases, were exacerbated by the fact that during COVID, you saw the opposite pattern for many companies. We had a good business pattern even during COVID. So I continue to remain optimistic. Our team has executed excellently. We have gained share in every category that we have played in, and our Hybrid Cloud business has two strong growth engines in object storage and all-flash.
George Kurian: We feel good about the ability to serve customers in all of the ways that you talked about, absolutely on target. I think we've seen – while we haven't seen any sort of radical shift in behavior, the long-term trends around cloud and the use of as a service model is broadly defined, continue to be playing out for us. Our cloud portfolio continues to be really, really strong and we are able to help customers deploy workloads very quickly on public cloud environments, if they aren't able to build and deploy an environment in their data center. Keystone also had a good quarter. It's early in the going, but we continue to see more and more vertical industry wins, more and more new customer wins and also wins across our geographic base, just like you would expect us to be focused on when managing an early business. So I feel good about both parts of the business. And then, of course, our differentiated product portfolio, as we said, we're focused on growing all-flash and object storage. We have the best operating system in the market for hybrid flash that had a good quarter. So good execution across the board.
George Kurian: Listen, I think these are all the conversations that we have with our supply base. We have good long-term suppliers that support the vast majority of our bond and that we manage directly. There are other components that are integrated into subassemblies in our overall systems that sometimes are – have been a part of the challenge here. There's sort of multiple discussions there, right? I think clearly, we want to understand the reasons for such a decommit. We want to understand where we are in sort of the ability for the customer – for the supplier to meet our demand profile. And then there are ways that we have worked really hard in engineering to continue to build diversity of supply across our entire bill of materials and in the cases where we don't feel like we can rely on a supplier to give us access to other suppliers. And so you'll see us continuing to work that over the next several quarters to make sure that we have all the levers at our disposal to meet demand.
George Kurian: I mean all-flash arrays clearly, we are the strongest vendor in the mid-range systems and mid-range is displacing traditional high-end systems. So we are in more and more and more customers winning the really high end of the market as well. So really strong broad-based distribution of our portfolio. Our hybrid flash systems have done really well in the entry market. If you look at the entry price bands growth rates, those are much more hybrid flash businesses than all-flash business. And so the combination of those two give us the ability to cover a broad range of use cases with the right form factor. With regard to object storage, it's another extension of our unstructured data portfolio. The unstructured data started out in files for the most part and increasingly, as the scale of those repositories have grown, customers are starting to use object technology to allow for management and ease of administration. Our solutions have been really, really strong. I think we're focused on that market. We have a really good cost-effective, highly scalable, centrally managed object support solution. And even in the object world, we have unique integrations with the Public Cloud that allows us to build a truly hybrid object environment, combining some parts of the environment being in customers' data centers and some parts being in true public cloud under one policy framework.
George Kurian: Yes. Listen, I think you hit the points quite accurately. I think we see the improvements in the overall sort of return to work and the impact from omicron, sort of easing through the course of the year, all things remaining the same. And we think that demand continues to be really solid, steady and broad based. And so we're excited about the year ahead. We're certainly not guiding next fiscal. We'll guide when we guide it. But as I said in my remarks, we feel very, very good about the demand picture, and we're working hard to meet it with as much supply as we can get.
George Kurian: Thank you. As we wrap up, I want to leave you with three callouts, the sizable and enduring trends of cloud and data-driven digital transformation, where we at NetApp play a critical role in helping customers achieve their goals are driving broad-based customer demand for our products and services. Our embracive cloud has expanded our addressable market. The real opportunity is still in front of us. And thanks to our strong Public Cloud Services performance, we are well ahead of our plan to achieve $1 billion in ARR in fiscal year 2025. Our focused execution and effective management of temporary supply chain headwind enable us to capture our expanding opportunity and deliver operating leverage as we grow our operating profitability and margins. Thank you and I hope to see you at our Investor Day next month, where we will talk more about our long-term growth and value drivers.
