George Kurian: The total program is a comprehensive program that encompasses across the board, business process redesign, organizational restructuring and realignment and further streamlining of the portfolio. The total dollar savings that we are going after, the gross savings, between the end of Q3 of fiscal '16 and the end of fiscal '17 is a gross number of $400 million in cost savings. The first step in that program is the restructuring action that we are announcing today, and which will be complete in Q4. Within Q4, we will be recording about $30 million of savings from the action itself, which over a full year annualized run rate is about $200 million.
George Kurian: I think as we indicated, we are providing greater visibility into the product mix between our mature products and our strategic products. I think we've also given you the size and relative growth rates of each of those categories. We're not going to provide guidance beyond that in terms of the specific buckets. Add-on storage, just to be clear, is not going to go to zero from the mature bucket. From the mature bucket the declines are primarily from 7-Mode and OEM. The add-on piece of the mature bucket is essentially going through a transition from 7-Mode to clustered ONTAP, and so will be the majority of the mature bucket going forward.
George Kurian: The product revenue numbers essentially are broken out in 100% between the mature pieces and the strategic pieces. I would tell you that in the mature pieces, you should be cognizant of the facts that the declines are primarily in the 7-Mode and OEM pieces of the mature bucket. The add-on storage numbers are essentially a large percentage of the mature bucket and they are not deteriorating at the rate of 7-Mode or OEM. They're essentially going through the transition from 7 to clustered ONTAP. And so will be a relatively stable business, will also be affected by the trends of disc to flash. But I would just tell you that a 100% of our product revenues are either categorized as mature or strategic.
George Kurian: So our business reflected the general commentary in the market about the macro. Asia Pacific, particularly the economy is dependant on China, as well as Japan saw a pretty choppy business in January. Certainly sectors like oil and gas and countries that are dependent on oil and gas were also affected. The service provider business in the U.S. is down as many telcos are divesting of their cloud business and reevaluating their approach to the data center business. And as we noted before, 2015 has been a year where the U.S. Fed has lower IT spending as well as shifted priorities within this spending envelope to initiatives such as cyber security and some on the cloud.
George Kurian: First of all, in terms of clustered ONTAP the net new-to-NetApp customers and total customers on clustered ONTAP grew strongly 60% year-on-year. So we are winning more than our fair share of both new customers, as well as transformational activity within our existing customers using our strategic solutions. I would say that the EF-Series, the All Flash arrays are also primarily growing in parts of the market that we historically did not serve the high performance fiber channel segment of the market. So we feel good about the new solutions being allowing us to get wallet share in both existing customers as well as net new-to-NetApp customers.
George Kurian: We are going through, as I indicated on the call, we are going through a transition in our business from the traditional to the strategic segments of our business. We feel very good about the strategic portions of our business growing double-digits. At the same time, we want to manage the business responsibly, as we go through the transition and set up the company to be able to generate margins and shareholder returns in a moderated growth environment. We are not sacrificing investments in growth areas. For example, we are continuing to invest in our All Flash arrays, we continue to invest in clustered ONTAP acceleration, we continue to invest in strategic solutions like SolidFire and our hybrid cloud solutions. We're just getting much more focused on the company as a company on the parts of the market that are really growing.
George Kurian: We're not going to provide any comments and guidance on '17. We'll give you that when we're ready to do so. Right now, we're focused on streamlining the business and doing so in a responsible fashion, so that we can manage the risk, but also make sure that we can take the strategic actions that set us up for a better productivity model going forward.
George Kurian: '17 as I said, if you do the evaluation of our strategic solutions and our mature parts of the portfolio, we still have some transition ahead of us.
George Kurian: We would tell you once we get through the cost savings approach. As I said, we've got programs in flight, some of which are already in flight, some of which have been part of the Q4 restructuring action. We'll give you more detailed updates as we execute the transformation program.
George Kurian: First of all, I'll let Jeff provide some more details. But our install base is growing. The install base of systems that are under maintenance contracts with NetApp is growing, both reflecting a longer lifespan of utilization of existing systems and their strategic value-serving, high-performance, data-rich applications in our customers, but also the fact that our strategic solutions are growing. So our overall install base of systems is growing, which is supportive of the fact that our maintenance revenues are strong.
George Kurian: SolidFire will be accretive in fiscal year '18. We'll provide more insight into the program, as we integrate that and as we lay out our plans for fiscal year '17. But at the moment, we'd see that SolidFire will be accretive in fiscal year '18.
George Kurian: We've got good growth quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year. As I said, year-on-year net new-to-NetApp, as well as cDOT customers in aggregate grew 60% year-on-year. And so we feel good about both expanding footprints in existing customers, as well as access to net-new customers. SolidFire, for example, allows us to be able to be competitive in customer environments that have historically valued the extreme simplicity, as well as the efficiency of hyper conversion environments. We've seen good success with SolidFire's base of customers that are able to meet that design point. So we think that both clustered ONTAP and SolidFire give us good footprints in both traditional as well as emerging categories.
George Kurian: The aggregate install base of 7-Mode and clustered ONTAP FAS Systems is actually growing. So we feel good, not only about the overall install base, but if you think about the percentage of the install base that its clustered ONTAP, it's at 24%, up from 17% a quarter ago, so strong growth in terms of the install base and execution. I would tell you that the pace of those transitions are IT projects in our customer environments, right. And so to the extent that enterprise IT spending overall is pressured there will be some tactical moves that customers might make to just stay on 7 for a period of time before they cut over. The programs that we initiated at the start of the year, clustered ONTAP accelerations program have seen strong growth. We've already exceeded our expectations for the year with that program in terms of customers, the total volume of transactions, as well as the number of resellers engaged in moving customers, so we feel good.
George Kurian: I would say that the competitive environment, we have seen some more price discounting from select players in the market. We think that the dynamic of them discounting is relatively unchanged. HP, HDS, they are the key players that lack the innovation value, so they are being aggressive on price to compete. We don't see much change from the startups. I think Nimble has continued to retrench mostly into the SMB market. Pure is unchanged in terms of its competitive stance and EMC is challenged with the transaction that they are about to undertake. So we do see some opportunities where we have been able to take footprints from EMC, given the lack of clarity in terms of their roadmap going forward.
George Kurian: I would say, there was certainly a percentage of it that was rather than doing technology refresh, it was basically moved towards a maintenance contract or a service agreement, that said here I'm going to wait until I see what happens in the macro before undertaking a big project. I don't think that represents a shift to the cloud, it's just I'm not ready to take on a major capital project at this point in time. It's much more of the discussion threat there. I think in terms of the migrations from our existing platforms to solid state, I would say that the strength of our solid-state portfolio is not just a transition from our existing footprint, right. We are actually getting a lot of new customers, because the majority of our footprint is essentially with solid-state arrays is in high-performance fiber-channel environments that we historically did not have a big landscape in. So I would say that some of the declines are from pauses, some of them are from our natural migrations to clustered ONTAP and some of it is essentially going through a period of, I've got enough things going on in my business, where I've acquired new platforms and I'm waiting to consume them.
George Kurian: First of all, your analysis is correct, Simona, on the sequential growth rate. The second is, in terms of the hyper converge market, we see what customers really want is essentially simplified provisioning and operational management, a relatively simple pay-as-you-go building block architecture. And you will see us address those customer needs with both the SolidFire architecture, which is built with a scale-out, simplified design right out of the get-go as well as some exciting new innovations in the flex spot lineup.
George Kurian: These are year-on-year numbers. I think we are being cautious about the mix, we're being cautious about the macroeconomic environment and typically the discounting behavior in our yearend quarter.
George Kurian: In closing, let me reiterate my confidence in NetApp's potential. We have a lot of positives with our strategic solutions that are the foundation of how we enable customer success in the data-powered digital era. We have a large and growing install base, our data fabric strategy uniquely enables us to assist customers in achieving their strategic IT imperatives. Our strategic solutions are greater than 50% of product revenue and growing. We are making substantial progress in the transition to clustered ONTAP. And we've just expanded our comprehensive All Flash array portfolio. While we must manage through a dynamic IT market and declines in our mature solutions, we have a clear plan to drive long-term growth and profitability. We are focused on driving continued growth of the strategic solutions. We are substantially reducing cost and systematically streamlining the business. We are providing greater transparency to give you better visibility into the basis of our confidence. And finally, we remain committed to our capital allocation strategy. Thank you. I look forward to giving you further updates next quarter.
Jeffrey Bergmann: So we do plan to resume our stock repurchase activity in the quarter. Our stock price, obviously, is attractive at these levels and we will look forward to be opportunistic. I would say that in terms of M&A, we are really focused on integrating SolidFire and so our focus will be to invest in that area rather than focus on M&A at this point.
Jeffrey Bergmann: Real quickly, I think the reason why the math may not work is the percentages that we are calculating are based upon our gross revenue for those product lines, but that sit within mature and strategic.
Jeffrey Bergmann: So the $600 million run rate on the flash business is just EF and our AFF product lines. That doesn't include SolidFire. We just have minimal revenue planned in Q4 for SolidFire in our plan.
Jeffrey Bergmann: Just to add on the margin, we think that the shift between the mature and strategic is pretty much neutral in terms of gross margin.
Jeffrey Bergmann: Yes, Mark, I would just add a little briefly on that that we've done a pretty extensive analysis on our operating model and compared ourselves to the top performing companies. And this is really about aligning ourselves with the profile that we need to address the market going forward and feel confident in where we're ending up.
Jeffrey Bergmann: Just to add a little color to that, the $400 million is really -- we expect to accomplish that during FY '17 and part of Q4, so that is really a run rate exit level for FY '17.
Jeffrey Bergmann: I would just add to that. We just think that that provides us a strong foundation for that revenue stream. We clearly have an install base that's growing, and with cDOT at 24% and growing, we think that gives us confidence in that as we move forward.
