George Kurian: Thank you for the question. We have been working on multiple innovation parts of our portfolio, all of which performed extremely strongly. Cloud Volumes for storage; Cloud Insights for monitoring; Spot for compute management, all had really strong Q4s and overall, really strong years. We saw good expansion in the number of customers and strong growth in the number of new-to-NetApp customers. We saw customers spending against their digital transformation and their cloud programs throughout the quarter. So, it was a smooth trajectory through the quarter. And I think that sets us up well for next year. I think, if you look at our dollar-based net retention rate, you can see that our organic business grew strongly this year, and we had about $60 million of this year being inorganic from acquisitions of Spot, Talon and CloudJumper. So, when you back that out, we expect next year’s growth rate to also continue the acceleration of our organic portfolio and continued strength of our inorganic portfolio. We have a really good and differentiated portfolio of services. We have deep partnerships and are expanding the range of things we do with the hyperscalers. And we are growing our customer base of people who are doing many business-critical projects on the public clouds with us. So, I’m really excited with every confidence. We’ll tell you more about our cloud business, as Mike indicated, as we go through the year, giving you more details on it.
George Kurian: With regard to our technology portfolio, as Mike said, we have a range of configurations that we can support our customers with all the way from 900 gigs to 16 terabytes. And so, we have plenty of capability to given the flexibility in our software operating system to qualify the right components to meet customer needs and support them. With regard to the demand environment and gross margins, listen, as Mike said, we’ve operated through a tough year and done a really good job. I think that you’ll see us continue to remain prudent, balancing end-user demand with margin management as we go through the year.
George Kurian: Okay. Listen, as we go through the year, we see a continuing improvement in public health and the overall demand environment. We have been benefiting from cloud and digital transformation projects through the course of the year. We have not seen any major -- so we don’t see some unique snapback or something like that in government spending or in enterprise spending. We see us benefiting from long-term trends and projects that are strategic to customers. We see more countries, especially the U.S. and parts of Western Europe come on line in a more significant way through the course of our fiscal year, the U.S. more likely in the first part of the fiscal year, Europe coming on line more strongly in the second half of our fiscal year. We have every confidence that our product portfolio is differentiated, and we’ll continue to see product revenue grow faster than services revenue and the strength of our cloud portfolio. We have a much bigger base of customers now in the cloud business. We have a much broader range of application certifications that we entered last year. And so, we feel really, really good about the year ahead.
George Kurian: Katy, I think we have many avenues as we have described to continue to drive the gross margins in our cloud business. There’s a growing portfolio of software-only offerings in the cloud business. Spot, Cloud Insights, several versions of our Cloud Volumes offerings are all software. We -- Mike mentioned the hardware utilization. We have brought out new versions of our ONTAP operating systems that continue to be more efficient in terms of data management and storage efficiency. And so, we feel very good about our path to continuing to improve cloud gross margins in the direction that Mike articulated.
George Kurian: Hey, I think, Jim, when we look at the business, we feel very good about our portfolio capabilities that we have today getting us to that $1 billion ARR number in fiscal year ‘25. We’re not going to break out organic versus inorganic. I think, we feel that we’ve achieved a full year of integration of our core acquisitions, Spot, CloudJumper and Talon. So, we feel that the core bets are in place for this year. We will continue to look at inorganic acquisitions to fill out our portfolio, right? So, we think that we have a strong start to differentiated position in the cloud market. We feel really strong about the capabilities that we have. We will tell you more about it through the course of the business, through the course of -- as we expand the cloud business. And I’ll just sit on three things, right? We are growing our cloud business while growing our core business. We are acquiring a lot of net new customers. We are accelerating our organic business growth and our inorganic acquisitions. And so, I feel really, really good about our business overall. Cloud gross margins, as Mike said, are near the corporate average, and as we go through next year, will be accretive to company gross margins. So, I just feel very, very good about our opportunity in the cloud and the work that our team has been doing with the cloud providers. And we’re going to double down on it.
George Kurian: I think, we’ll continue to be careful about where we add sales teams. I think, we constantly rebalance to areas of opportunity, both in terms of the composition of the sales force and the locations where we put the headcount. I think, as I’ve said before, the recovery will be at different rates in different geographies. And I think as the public data indicates, the Americas is the place where we expect the recovery to be more pronounced this coming year, Europe lagging 6 to 9 months thereafter, and the rest of the developing economies maybe 6 to 9 months after that. So, we’ll prioritize any additions in accordance with how we see the end user demand. With cloud, we have been adding, step-wise. I think one of the important things that we’re focused on this year is to get our frontline sales teams to be balanced with selling cloud and our systems in customers’ data centers. And so, I feel like, listen, we’re not going to have a stepwise addition in our investment. We’ll do it as the business comes. And we feel very good about the disciplined approach we’ve taken and the payoffs for those investments in fairly short order.
George Kurian: I think on the 200 heads, as we’ve said, they are fully productive, fully part of the NetApp sales team. We are adding some -- we added some cloud headcount in last quarter, we anticipate to add some more this year. Alongside the course of the business, they will take some time to get productive, but those are in the same range of productivity ramps as our traditional sales headcount. I think, what you see from this coming year from our guidance to the coming year is that revenue outpaces the growth in operating expense, leading to additional leverage in our business model. That reflects our disciplined approach to investing where we see the opportunities.
George Kurian: Listen, I think with regard to component costs, as Mike said, as we look out the next year, we see that the component cost in aggregate for the full year is going to be relatively flat to this year with some puts and takes in terms of the mix. I think that with regard to cloud gross margins, it’s really reflecting the balance of certain regions getting more heavily utilized and seeing customer consumption of the installed footprint, while we make investments in other regions to continue to expand our business. And that trade-off between investing to continue to expand the business with the growth in ARR is the balance we walk. I think as I also mentioned, we have several other avenues to continue to drive gross margins in cloud. The software mix in the portfolio is growing with solutions like Spot and Cloud Insights and some versions of our Cloud Volumes products being software-only. The second is we continue to drive efficiency in the software, in ONTAP operating system software. So, there are lots of avenues to continue to accelerate cloud gross margins. Team has done a good job this year. And we expect it to be accretive to company gross margins as we go through next fiscal year.
George Kurian: Listen, I feel really good about our flash business. We are focused, differentiated and executing in the market. I think, our strong position in the sweet spot of the storage industry, which is the midrange part of the market, is clearly evident, and it is affecting the growth rates of our competitors. We have taken share for the last several quarters, and we see every confidence that we will continue to do that going forward. What we said at the Analyst Day was that over the next few years, the all-flash array market will grow at about 7.5% CAGR, and we expect to outpace that this coming year. We expect that the storage industry will grow around 4%, and our revenue picture expects us to outpace the growth of the storage industry overall. So, we feel really good. And ONTAP 9.9 coming out gives us even more confidence in our differentiation.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. In closing, we delivered a great end to a strong year. And we are well-positioned as we move into fiscal year ‘22. I want to reiterate that our public cloud business is at a scale where it is contributing meaningfully to revenue and billings growth. And the innovations we deliver to our hybrid cloud business will support continued product revenue growth. In fiscal year ‘22, we expect to grow the top line, deliver operating leverage and generate significant free cash flow, all while investing in growth initiatives. I am excited by and confident in our ability to capitalize on the industry transitions and the market opportunities ahead. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you for joining us. And a special thank you to our NetApp team.
Mike Berry: Sure. Thanks, George. Hey, Rod. So, I just want to make sure -- we could go through it separately with you and the team. We want to make sure that hey, the gross interest is not the net interest. It could be in the OIE calculation as well, so. And there’s a lot of sensitivity, obviously, to that count. So, it’s probably below operating income that it’s a little bit different in our model. We’re happy to walk you through that separately.
Mike Berry: Yes. So, we said 65 to 70 for the interest. For the OIE that we have in there is -- yes, that’s the interest, that’s what we did on the -- in my script. And as you know, that number jumps around quite a bit. There’s more than just obviously, interest in that OIE number.
Mike Berry: Sure. Hey Aaron, it’s Mike. Thanks for the question. So, we have certainly contemplated the challenges in the supply chain when providing our gross margin guidance for Q1 and fiscal ‘22. Supply chain teams, they’ve really performed well all year long, working closely with our suppliers. And we have confidence we can continue that performance this coming year. As you know, we’re a cloud world software company. Our product margins, we expect to continue to benefit from the higher-margin software-rich configurations. And we continue to do a lot of hard work on the services margin. As we talked about, cloud margins should continue to improve as we go through the year, as well as you’ll see the benefits of the consumption of the deployed system and more increase in our Software-as-a-Service. There’s always unforeseen circumstances that may come into play. But as we sit here today, we feel good about it. And, when you talk about total -- our total component cost, we expect it to be a little bit of a tailwind in the first half. And then, based on prices that we have today and you know as well as those things change, potentially a little bit of a headwind in the second half when we take that into our guidance.
Mike Berry: Yes. Thanks, George. So, I would just underline the additions that we talked about last quarter and this quarter as well into specific areas around cloud, and then the customer success team which is, as you all know, in a cloud business super important in terms of upsell, cross-sell renewals. So, we do continue to make investments there. And I think you’ve seen some of the results in the ARR results this quarter.
Mike Berry: Sure. Thanks for the question, Katy. Let me do the last one first. So, we said, as we go through the year, we expected cloud margins to be accretive to the total Company average. So, as we get through the year and certainly ending the year. And then, yes, we have seen a much bigger increase in our cloud margins than we had originally expected. Certainly, scale -- revenue scale matters. I would also give a lot of kudos to the team, though, for being really efficient in terms of how they use not only the hardware, but also all this stuff that goes to support those businesses as it relates to people and process. So, it’s all of the above. But certainly, growth in ARR is the key driver followed next by a really good job by that team in terms of managing the margins.
Mike Berry: Yes. So, on the organic growth, Wamsi, what I -- this is Mike, by the way. I would point you to the dollar-based net retention number. And as you saw in the quarter, it actually accelerated quarter-over-quarter. So, you can assume, if you take a look at that the organic business is doing -- call it, the organic business is doing very, very well. And as George talked about, a lot of those offerings are -- is that organic business. And we don’t break out the contributions from the hyperscalers versus the core business or the NetApp business. What I would say is a lot of the seasonal pickup that you see in Q2 and Q4 is driven by our sales teams, in addition, obviously, with the hyperscalers. And I just want to underline that, please, which is, hey, when you guys do your models for next year, please make sure that you take that seasonality into account. Don’t just take the increase in ARR and divide by 4. There is absolutely seasonality in that business as you’ve seen in the last two years.
Mike Berry: Listen, I think when we look at the full year guidance for next year, we’ve guided 6% to 7% in terms of revenue growth. I think that what you see from us is real confidence in the business. The second half of the year is on a compare basis compared to a stronger second half this year as enterprise spending came back on line through COVID, right? So, it isn’t an expectation of us having a deceleration in terms of our ability to grow cloud or gain share. It’s just a kind of a realization that the second half of this year is a stronger compare than the first half of this year.
Mike Berry: Hey Jim, it’s Mike. On the first one from the organic contribution of revenue, it was very small. It was less than 0.5 percentage point of growth. It was really not much at all in terms of -- but keep in mind that that is related to the cloud acquisitions earlier in the year, not much of an impact at all. And in the quarter, it was very little.
Mike Berry: Hey Shannon, it’s Mike. So, thanks for the question on cash flow, happy to do that. So, a couple of things. If you look over the last four years, the operating cash flow results in NetApp have really mirrored the operating -- non-GAAP operating income. It’s like 107% of that number. So, we do expect over time that we’ll see operating cash flow mirror operating income we’ll see operating cash flow mere operating income growth. Now there’s -- it’s going to bumper on a little bit, and I’m going to do operating and then I’ll take you to free cash flow. Next year, for instance, in fiscal ‘22, we would expect to see operating cash flow growth be a little bit more than earnings, just because of the working capital impact of some of the expenses in ‘21, and we’ve put that in the script. From a free cash flow perspective, we really look at next year CapEx as hopefully the high watermark. A couple of pieces there. One is the -- we are certainly continuing to install hardware and some of the data centers to support the cloud business. As George talked about, we’re super excited about some of the software options there as well. And as we have more software defined, that will help. Also next year in that number, there’s about $50 million in CapEx related to two facilities projects, related to our Wichita site and to a lesser extent, our new building in San Jose. We obviously have a little bit of facilities CapEx, but that’s a big number next year. That’s why we feel comfortable going forward that we can have CapEx below the $200 million that I discussed in the script. So I just want to walk you through those puts and takes. But over time, yes, I do expect operating cash flow to pretty much near operating income with some bumping around every year largely due to working capital.
Mike Berry: Sure. Hey Mehdi, it’s Mike. So, yes, we had very good inventory turns at the end of Q4. As I mentioned in the script, we -- and we’ve already started and we will expect to continue a couple of different programs. One is to double down on some of the key components related to our storage products to make sure that we have enough resources. We’ve always done that. And we will continue to do that. We will also add some safety stocks, so that if there are issues throughout the world, and hopefully, we’re able to respond to that. In addition, we’ve also -- will have longer, I’ll call it, purchase orders that we will extend through the year. So, we’re doing everything that we can to make sure that we have enough inventory. I would expect, in Q1, you should see those turns probably go back to the 12 to 14 number. And again, given lower cost of capital, our goal to make sure that we always have product and we could meet customer requirements, we think that’s a very good investment. So, thanks for the question. Yes, you should see those inventories increase and the inventory turns go down in Q1 and likely through the rest of fiscal ‘22.
Mike Berry: Yes. Hey Sidney, it’s Mike. We have guided in our fiscal ‘21 in our Q1 numbers, product gross margins to be relatively consistent with how we exited Q4. Again, component costs over the full year, at this point, as we sit here today, relatively flat. It will move on a little bit by quarter, but keep in mind as well, mix matters a lot in that as well. Also in Q1, we talked about 68% gross margins. Keep in mind that there’s a much bigger component of revenue in Q1 that’s services versus product. So you also get that bump in margin. You saw that in the last couple of Q1s as well. So, as we sit here today, we don’t see a lot of movement in the gross margin numbers. Again that’s based on the component costs that we see today. Mix does matter in the quarter, but we’ve largely stayed relatively consistent with how we’re exiting Q4.
Mike Berry: Yes. So, at this point, as you said, you always want more. We feel good about talking about our gross margins. We’re not going to go down to operating margins in that business that gets into a lot of allocations and things. So, what we’re going to do is we’re going to focus the business on gross margin. Do we certainly look at OpEx? And where we spend the money? Yes, we do. So, in terms of the Rule of 40, again, we have to go down the operating income. We won’t do that. We will keep it at the gross margin discussion.
Mike Berry: What I would say is, hey, tune in after the Q1 call, and we’ll talk about what we’re going to disclose going in ‘22.
