George Kurian: I think the broad themes that we saw were shared across all of the hyperscalers and across a broad range of customers. We continue to see good numbers of new customer additions to our cloud storage offerings. Even though the impact in the quarter from there being acquired is lower, we had -- we saw no changes to the churn in our cloud storage business, but we did see optimization, meaning movement of capacity from higher cost, more high-performance levels to lower cost, lower performance levels. And there was no predictable pattern in terms of what types of customers. As we noted last quarter, we also saw some reductions in spending from customers who wrapped up projects with us. So, I will just say this is part of normal cloud behavior and consumption. We feel good about the additions. We feel good about our engagement with customers. And we feel good about the fact that we continue to broaden the number of use cases and customer value propositions we can address that should benefit us moving forward with a more focused route-to-market approach for cloud as well.
George Kurian: I think there are three elements of that. I think the first, we have been a little bit later than we would have liked to introduce lower cost more value-oriented capacity flash arrays. We've corrected that. We feel really good about the early interest in our C-Series. The second was that we have moved resources to the more stable, steady growth parts of the market, like the commercial market and lower parts of the enterprise from the cyclical large enterprise segment. We haven't done as much as we need to, and we'll continue to do that heading forward. And the third is that from a compensation and goal alignment perspective, we're going to sharply focus certain parts of our field organization to drive our flash portfolio while aligning other parts of our field organization to focus on the cloud business.
George Kurian: I think, first of all, we are excited about the C-Series products. They will be available this quarter. I think the material impact of those product portfolios will be in the first half of next fiscal year. The large enterprise segment will continue to be a place of caution for us. I think that we will need -- we are working with our customers to understand their buying behavior. My sense is that -- and my hope is that they are back buying more aggressively than they have been in the second part of next fiscal year. So, we hope that -- the product portfolio is in the market this quarter. Commercial and lower-end parts of the enterprise should see some benefits from that in the first half of next fiscal year. But the large enterprise segment, we're a bit more cautious about. And your expectation is more accurate around second half of next fiscal year is our hope.
George Kurian: We are very closely engaged with these customers. We've known them for decades. I think the fundamental pattern is the improvements in their business prospects. So, as soon as they see that, they start the discussions with us on purchasing.
George Kurian: I think that our exposure to the large tech and service provider segments and our large market share in markets like Germany exposed us when those segments and countries slowed down in their purchasing behavior. I think that having a smaller number of QLC products also precluded us from participating in some purchasing activities, some RFPs in the past couple of quarters. And I think we are excited about the return to having the best lineup of flash, both performance and capacity flash. And we've got to see progress in terms of -- continued progress in our enterprise and commercial customers over the next few quarters to wait for the large enterprise purchasing to come back.
George Kurian: Yes. I think, first of all, you have seen us be disciplined stewards of the business in good times and bad. You should expect us to continue to maintain operating expenses tightly managed until we see growth. Product margins, as Mike said, should have significant upside as we roll into fiscal year '24 as both mix shifts towards all-flash and component costs in all-flash come down as well as premiums go away. In terms of returning to growth, listen, I think that we will -- we are aligning our resources to be much more focused on our respective businesses. In the flash market, you should expect us to continue to track the progress of our flash market share. I think that, as I said, both enterprise and commercial segments should see growth while the large enterprise takes some more time to come back. And then, I think in terms of cloud, listen, I think consumption will continue to be a headwind for a period of time as our cloud provider partners have also said. That does not mean that we are going to not continue to accelerate new customer acquisition. And a more aligned go-to-market model for flash and for public cloud services, respectively, will help us do that, execute better against each of those opportunities. We'll tell you more when we guide fiscal year '24.
George Kurian: Listen, at this point, we are being appropriately conservative in our guidance. I think that we see the impact of a tough macro environment on customer spending. And both Mike and I are being appropriately prudent in our Q4 guide. We're not guiding Q1 at this point. We'll guide fiscal year '24 and Q1 when we do that. But at this point, I want to be prudent about what we see in the market.
George Kurian: I think the capacity flash arrays that we recently announced have a workload profile and a performance profile that's distinct from the performance flash array. Performance flash are typically sub-millisecond kind of latency. In capacity flash, it's about 2 to 3 milliseconds. So, they are distinct use cases. Capacity flash will be an upsell on the hybrid flash array and will over time impact the percentage of our business mix that's hybrid flash.
George Kurian: We continue to have great engagement with our cloud provider partners. As I mentioned, customer acquisition continues to be a good part of our cloud business. The impact in the quarter is limited because the initial deployments are small. So that's the first. Second, with regard to cross-selling multiple cloud services after the initial use case, we have done well, and I'm pleased with progress. In terms of the customers that we are engaged with on consumption, there is no churn difference, right? So, the pattern is they are reducing the performance level of the storage use case, but they're not churning off our service. So, I feel really good. Actually, I think it's the best part of being a partner is to help your clients use the right combination of services. And then, in terms of penetration of our installed base, while it's early, we continue to see that moving forward steadily. I think the penetration in our NetApp managed enterprise accounts is much higher than in our commercial segment.
George Kurian: First of all, I think that the long-term trend towards cloud continues to be a strong trend. I think even if you look at the most recent data from analysts as well as from the cloud providers, the public cloud market growth is higher than data center infrastructure growth. So, that's one. I think second is we are learning the behavior patterns of different workload profiles in our customer base. I actually think the fact that customers can spin up and spin down environment is a benefit to the cloud model over the long term because the real cost of operating a cloud environment will then be lower than what you would see on premises. We are, for example, being able to understand -- and as we spread the consumption of our cloud services across a much larger customer base, the impact of any particular customers change in behavior will actually be much less than it is today. So, we remain bullish about the cloud opportunity. We're more sharply focusing our go-to-market resources to go after it and continuing to sharpen the customer success motion to allow our customers to benefit from the use of our technology more completely.
George Kurian: Spot has done well, and Cloud Insights has stabilized and met our internal targets. So, the shortfall was mostly from the cloud storage business. I think that in part, it's the opposite, right? When people are concerned about cost optimization, Spot is a perfect tool for that, and they had a good quarter.
George Kurian: We continue to add new customers to our -- all of our cloud services, CloudOps and cloud storage. The impact of those customers in the first few quarters of they are being acquired is actually small because they typically find small deals, and they are testing out the services or they deploy a development and test environment rather than a production environment. Those customers were actually -- the benefits to our business from those customers was overrun by the reduction from some of the large customers who contracted their spending in the quarter. So, we feel good about new customer additions. Can we do more there? Surely, but I don't think that was a material issue in the quarter.
George Kurian: We do a whole lot of account level analysis, especially for our larger customers. We look at total wallet. We look at whether we are gaining share or losing share. We look at are we -- do we need to bring new business models to the customer. We have done well with our consumption business. Our Keystone offering, there are many customers that have chosen to use that over the past couple of quarters rather than go the CapEx route. So, we're heavily involved with customers, right? I'll just tell you that it's a daily conversation with customers. I'm just starting to sort of take the broader theme that, in general, what we see with the larger customers is that when their business outlook improves, they generally start to purchase. Some segments that typically go ahead of GDP and economic performance lead the market, and other parts of that large enterprise segment come along when GDP turns around. So look at the business cycle of those customers, that's probably the best leading indicator.
George Kurian: I think it's always a competitive environment, and it continues to be a competitive environment in a tough demand environment. I don't see any player doing anything kind of out of the ordinary. I think that just like everyone else, we see the opportunity, especially with QLC-based flash arrays, to be competitive in the market.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that we've got a different mix of business today than we did in the past. I think there's a growing percentage of our business from more recurring revenue business models like the cloud business. I think we have tried to move more of our resources to parts of the market that are less cyclical and that allow us to acquire new customers to broaden our customer base. I would say we've done a good job, not enough, but we've certainly seen good progress. And we will continue to pivot in that direction. I think the large customer segment behavior pattern is quite similar to what we've seen in the past. I think that 2016 is quite similar to what we see today. The only thing that I would point out is that the -- for many customers, 2020 was a very difficult year. And so, there's -- it hasn't been -- this downturn has not been presaged by many, many years of economic expansion. So, we're hopeful that customers will be back buying in a more predictable pattern than they have in the past.
George Kurian: I think on the share part, our exposure to the large enterprise is bigger than some of our competitors. And so, I think in a down cycle, we will probably concede share given our exposure to those customers. I think the second is now that we have a more kind of full lineup of capacity flash arrays, I feel good that we can compete in all the segments of the flash market, which are key to driving share gains, and keep the hybrid flash segment where we have a strong offering moving forward. And then, I think, as I noted in my comments, we are going to better align our execution in the field so that we can more sharply focus on the storage market and more sharply focus on the cloud market in a more tailored go-to-market model for each.
George Kurian: I think that overall customers' budget in dollars, and so we segmented the market and the use cases quite distinctly for performance versus capacity flash. I don't think there's going to be material cannibalization between the two. I think it really comes down to customer budget dollars being available.
George Kurian: I think that we've always seen customers buy in dollars, and they budget in dollars. So, I think if you ask me right now, I don't actually see the NAND pricing coming down being the real headwind. I really do think it’s customers' budget and IT spending that's the more material area of focus for us.
George Kurian: Yes. I think first, Meta, on the CloudOps piece, we brought together the sales teams for Instaclustr, CloudCheckr and Spot into one unified CloudOps selling motion. And we've seen good momentum with the integrated team. I think, particularly Spot and Instaclustr, there's good synergy in terms of customer buyer and buying motions that we hope to exploit over the next few quarters. It's too early to call it a success yet. In terms of the product portfolio, we brought some of the functionality of CloudCheckr into Spot already for compliance, and you should see us bringing more of those capabilities into Spot. With regard to cloud storage, listen, I think the most important work that we're doing is to be closely aligned with the hyperscalers, hyperscaler cloud providers and some of the key application motions that are going on, SAP or chip design or VMware. And I think that what we are going to do as we head into FY24 is even more closely align our hyperscaling -- hyperscale sales resources with those buying motions. I think that that will give us a better understanding of customer behavior. We've seen good adoption of our customer success capabilities in our subscription cloud storage business, but we are yet to see the full impact from doing so in the consumption cloud business. And that's work ahead of us.
George Kurian: In Hybrid Cloud, as I noted in my comments, we impacted Astra Data Store. We are able to solve the Kubernetes use case better through a combination of Astra Control, which we continue to invest in, and ONTAP rather than a completely separate architecture like Astra Data Store. And then, we had a small business in SolidFire that we continue to sustain, but we don't plan to grow going forward.
George Kurian: We're not going to comment about what's happening this quarter. I think broadly speaking, we're cautious, as you can see in our guidance, about the pattern of IT spending for the year. I think many parts of our business performed well, but the large enterprise, particularly in the Americas, high tech and service provider segments, and certain parts of Europe, particularly UK and Germany, have not performed as well. And we're concerned about how spend -- how robust spending will be there in the short term.
George Kurian: We have hybrid flash arrays that serve those use cases. We believe that we could continue to support those use cases with hybrid flash. A few months ago, we -- a few quarters ago, we created a capacity flash product. We started to see strong pickup, but it was at the high end of our lineup, and we realized that we needed to introduce a full lineup. And that has taken us a little bit more time than we expected. So, I feel good about our lineup now. It is the most comprehensive in terms of functionality, use cases, guarantees and price and capacity points in the market.
George Kurian: Listen, I don't want to comment about our competitors. I should let you ask them that question. I think what we have seen is that we are -- have got a large base of high-tech and service provider customers and large enterprise customers. They are demanding customers, and they are forward-leaning. And there's lots of benefits to having those customers. But when they are in a down cycle, it does impact our business. Over the years, we've done a few things to expand our business. I think, one, we continue to invest in the commercial segment. It's too early to call that a broad push, but we've seen good results. We've also brought in the number of enterprise customers. We sign up below the large enterprise. And perhaps most importantly, has been the push to grow our cloud business. Cloud has been the single most strongest vehicle for new customer issues for us, and I'm very pleased with that route-to-market that we've enabled over the past few years.
George Kurian: I think broadly speaking, as we have said in past cycles, when the price of NAND comes down, you see a mix shift towards a flash-based system. Disk-based systems costs have been more steady than sort of up and down like flash. So, that's the broad trend. In our case, we expect that shift to also benefit from the fact that we now have two complete lineups, high-performance flash, which will benefit from NAND and capacity flash, which will also benefit from NAND.
George Kurian: AI workloads continue to grow in parts of the market that are more resilient to commodity cycles. So for example, life sciences, certain elements of financial services, industries that are more countercyclical have done well, and we continue to see that moving forward. AI workloads, especially those that do image and audio analysis, for example, in life sciences, cancer detection or various types of diagnostic cases are perfectly suited to NetApp. I mean, we store a large number of files in a very high-performance system. And so, we are benefiting from those use cases today. And certainly, as the range of AI tool chain continues to grow, we expect that to be a more material contributor to our business going forward.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. Our strategy is aligned to the long-term secular growth trends of data-driven digital and cloud transformations. We address key long-term priorities for our customers with strong positions in each of our key markets and have demonstrated success in controlling the elements within our control. Over the course of our history, we have been through several challenging macroeconomic periods that we have used to sharpen our focus, attack new opportunities and emerge in a better position. We are committed to doing that again. You can expect us to remain prudent stewards of the business, tightly managing the elements within our control, reinvigorate efforts across the company in support of our storage business and build a more focused approach to our Public Cloud business. We'll give you updates on our progress in coming quarters. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Sure. Amit, it's Mike. So, I'll do both, Hybrid Cloud just in a little bit of cloud margins as well. So on Hybrid Cloud, what we really saw was if you go back to the two big drivers that we saw in the business, one is with our lower spending in U.S. strategic large enterprise. They are the largest purveyors of all-flash. So, we saw all-flash dollar and mix come down. In addition, we've talked about seeing lower capacity, i.e., folks buying less terabytes per system. That happened within both, flash and hybrid. So, those two added together brought our margins down in Q3. We didn't really see a benefit on NAND or premiums yet. This is hopefully the last time I'm going to say this on a call because we fully expect in Q4 that to finally start to realize in the P&L, we will see the benefits of a lot lower premiums. And finally, the lower cost NAND as we work through the inventory will roll through the P&L. So, we feel good about the gross margin projection in the April quarter being at least 50%. And then cloud margins, hey, it's really dependent more than anything on scale. We feel good about getting to the mid-70s as we scale that business, but we do need to drive higher revenue. So hopefully, that helps.
Mike Berry: So this quarter, on the low cost NAND it's not a big number, Steve, in this quarter. We do expect that that will be a significant contributor going into fiscal '24. I would just say, take a step back on the margin side. There are two significant drivers to our optimism as we look at product margins in '24. One is the premiums. We've talked about that. It's about $50 million a quarter. It is a material improvement going into next year. NAND, as we all know, has come down materially every quarter since in the last three quarters. We're finally going to be able to realize in our P&L as we got -- as we move through the high-cost inventory. And then you talked about the mix, that will also benefit product margins going into next year. And then goodness, hopefully, FX also helped. So, I would add all four of those together when you look at product margins in fiscal '24.
Mike Berry: Yes. Thanks, Mehdi, for the question. So, we'll get a portion of the restructuring, call it, 70% to 80% because of notifications and other things. So that is baked into our Q4 implied OpEx of about 675, which is down from our previous number of about 715. Most of that is restructuring and some incentive comp. And then, hey, the other thing -- again, we will guide Q1 when we get there. I just want to add two other things to George's great summary going into next year. We talked about product margins. We talked about OpEx. Keep in mind, too, that FX has been a material headwind for us this year, and we expect -- hope that that is at least flat. The other thing is, keep in mind, from a tax rate perspective, we've grown EPS even with a significantly higher tax rate. So, hey, lots of good things going into fiscal '24 that give us confidence in being able to drive the bottom line.
Mike Berry: And if I could. It's Mike. We talked about, Krish, hey, cloud storage is about 60%. CloudOps is about 40%. We don't see that changing materially. It'll move around a little bit by quarter, but we expect that to remain relatively consistent over the next several quarters.
Mike Berry: Yes. Sidney, it's Mike. So, there's a couple of nuances, I'll try to keep this brief, is that in the Q4 number, we do have a portion of the restructuring benefit. We'll get all of that in Q1. The thing that will come back in Q1 is incentive compensation, hopefully will come back. You've seen this, Sidney, in the last -- you talked about some of the downturns. You've seen this coming out of it as well. So, on an absolute dollar perspective, it's probably up slightly Q4 to Q1 just based on that. But everything else from a controllable perspective, we will try to keep that as flat as we can outside of movements in incentive comp.
Mike Berry: And Jim, it's Mike. On your FX question, for a full year now, this is on revenue, we expect it to be about a 350 basis-point headwind for the full year, about 140 basis points in Q4 compared to 340 in Q3. I would expect that it would be almost zero, but slightly a headwind in Q1 and then lap in Q2.
Mike Berry: No, no. I think that's a great answer. It's all baked in. And we did it across the board. We tried to focus where we didn't have productivity or revenue issues, as George said, a little bit of ARR. Outside of that, we feel good that we focused on the right areas.
Mike Berry: Shannon, on your question on stock-based comp, every six months, we have to do a look back on ESPP program. And there was about an $11 million, I'll call it, catch-up entry in the quarter to take into account the lower price of those purchases. And you'll see that typically every six months when we do our ESPP, depending on the price movements of the stock during that period of time.
Mike Berry: So, it stays in the run rate. It won't drop down. And what happens in six months is dependent on where the stock price is at that purchase date.
Shannon Cross: I'm wondering, how should we think about the impact of your 8% headcount reduction on your top line? I know you mentioned a couple of areas you've invested, but can you provide some more details on where the cuts were made? And how much of it was, I don't know, the proverbial back office versus revenue-focused headcount? And then, I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Shannon Cross: I guess, were there any cuts in Hybrid Cloud? And then my second question is, what drove the year-over-year increase in stock-based comp given all of the pressures you're seeing? Thank you.
Shannon Cross: So that catch-up is done now. And assuming your stock stays where it's at, there will be another catch-up? So you'll be at the $50 million or $60 million level going forward? Just to be clear.
