George Kurian: I think if you look at the dynamics of this past year, demand was strong and consistent throughout. We were gated by supply particularly in the back half of the year. That certainly was true even in Q4. We feel very good about our competitive position as we outlined at our financial Analyst Day and we continue to see cloud storage has been a really strong addition to the portfolio. The number of net new to NetApp customers meaning those that do not have our storage on premises that bought cloud storage continues to be strong. So we get to cross sell additional on premises workloads in the future. And I think with regard to the performance of our flash portfolio throughout the year and the growth of object, the second growth engine in our on premises portfolio, we feel really good. So thank you for the question, Jim.
George Kurian: I'll have Mike. Thanks for the question, Amit. I'll have Mike start walking you through the specifics. I'll talk about the remedies and then we'll come back to guidance.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the remedies and the overall portfolio, listen we feel good about the customer adds across the portfolio. Cloud storage was a strong number. With regard to specifically how we're addressing the CloudOps portfolio we have refreshed the sales team, so a lot of the churn in the sales organization is behind us. We do have a newer set of members, so it'll take time to wrap them. We have brought on a new experienced leader for our Spot portfolio who led enterprise sales at Splunk. We have brought on as you might have seen a new Senior Vice President for Customer Success who was a Senior Executive at Informatica, and a leader for our renewals and customer success motion in the field who was the leader of that renewals and sales at Palo Alto. So much stronger team at the top with a focused mission around our CloudOps portfolio and driving renewals and customer success. A couple of other things that we've learned, right, we've learned that we need to integrate these acquisitions more quickly, particularly on the go-to market side and we are taking that lesson learned and applying that to our Instaclustr acquisition, as well as the work that we're doing to integrate the product portfolio more quickly, so that it's easier for customers to buy. Now, I'll have it back to Mike to talk about how that impacts guidance for next year.
George Kurian: We saw strong adoption of our services. I think, as we mentioned in prepared remarks, a strong number of customer additions. I think the places where we can do a better job is really customer success and cross-sell and upsell, which is work that's in front of us. I think that also requires some integration work in the product portfolio to make it easier for the sales organization to do that cross-sell and upsell. Some of that integration work is completed. Others is in process, and you will see us integrating Instaclustr quickly into the NetApp portfolio, so that it can take advantage of all of our differentiated infrastructure services, Storage, Spot, Cloud Insights on we can hit the ground running pretty quickly with all of that differentiated platform behind them. So I would say within the quarter, it was mostly go-to-market execution. I think to aid the go-to-market team, we also have work to do on the product side, which we're accelerating and trying to accelerate the integration of Instaclustr into NetApp.
George Kurian: First of all, customers buy in dollars. And so whether we raise prices or not, their budgets are determined in dollars. And so if we raise prices, they'll buy fewer systems for the same dollars, right? I think that's the first. I think the second is, listen, we feel good about – really good about the work that our supply chain team has been doing on a year. We've had two successive quarters where we've been gated by supply rather than demand. We see a steady demand picture next year, this coming year, and we're just being realistic about how fast the supply chain constraint is. So buying in dollars and supply chain continue to be work in progress for us through the course of the year.
George Kurian: At the moment, we see demand to be steady and we are gated by supply. And so yes, we understand the economic environment is uncertain. We're managing what we can control. Our demand outlook has so far been really solid and we're gated by supply.
George Kurian: I think the majority of our investment is focused on new sales reps with cloud backgrounds. We call them cloud sales specialists. So the types of execs, Meta, that you mentioned that know how to sell some of our application portfolio and cloud ops portfolio. So that's the majority. We also have had to replace some attrition in our frontline sales teams as well. And we continue to manage through that as a normal sort of course of business, right? I think the specific areas that we saw higher than anticipated attrition were really in our cloud ops portfolio. And I think we've done a good job sort of refreshing the team and also bringing on the new leadership team. I think when you look at the ramp time, it takes a few quarters, and that's why I think there's already been activity underway. We see that there will be some improvements through the first half. And then certainly, in the second half of the year, we should see the team being fully productive. In addition, given the ramp of our cloud business and the expectations of the ramp, we are continuing to invest in additional capacity, for example, in Cloud Storage and other areas. We will, of course, in line with our disciplined operating management philosophy, we don't see the growth tap on the brakes, but right now we feel that's a good investment to make.
George Kurian: I think IT is continuing to be seen, as we've said, a spur for the transformation of the business. And so there are the strategic projects around customer experience, transformation, business process automation, a variety of those projects, better analytics continue to move forward. AI/ML projects, for example, we had a strong year and continue to see a strong outlook for that part of our business. So, so far as we've said the demand picture has been steady and we recognize that there is increased uncertainty, but I think so far the demand picture for IT spending within our customer base has remain steady.
George Kurian: First of all, the installed base that we are penetrating is a very, very large installed base, and there are several factors that they consider as they look at new purchases, right, IT budgets, a mix of different system types. We did see a higher mix of our hybrid flash portfolio, where we have the only modern operating system that supports hybrid flash technology. In prior circumstances, when there was some uncertainty about budgets or economics, they would shift towards more of a value-oriented system, like a hybrid flash. So whether that's true or not, it's one data point, but we did see very strong hybrid flash unit shipments this quarter, which is why the total penetration into our install base was relatively flat. We continue to do the work to qualify more applications, more new workloads, and drive our field to go after new logos, as well as drive our install based conversion. There are incentives in place to sell new systems at a higher rate than renewals or refreshes, and those have been put in place for this year. And so I'm hopeful that that will drive more conversion. With regard to cloud ARR, I think, the main questions are, listen, we feel good about the acquisition of net new customers into our cloud portfolio. I think when we started the cloud journey, there was a concern that cloud growth would literally be offset by on-prem decline. We're not seeing that. And it's reflective of the strength of our portfolio on both fronts. And so, yes, could we do more to convert or install base to cloud? We have got incentives in place this year where the sales reps cannot make their number without selling cloud as a part of their overall kind of quota. And so there are discreet quotas set up for cloud, they have got to complete selling that to be able to accomplish their total compensation objectives. And so we've got work underway, we are doing enablements, but I do feel good about the fact that we are able to acquire a lot of net new customers. Those are our competitors' customers after all with our cloud storage portfolio.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we’ve had a disciplined acquisition strategy, right? We started with cloud storage. We enabled cloud storage to become multi-cloud across all the hyperscalers with both NetApp managed and native cloud services. We then added monitoring, which is cloud insights, organically taking one of our enterprise products and making it cloud ready and made that a multi-cloud monitoring service, so that customers could understand the performance of their applications. Then we brought in Spot, which gave us the compliment for compute that we had with storage, right, our organic storage. So now we’ve got a multi-cloud infrastructure services portfolio that’s truly unique in the market. And we are adding applications deliberately, right? So we’re not trying to be in every application. We’ve got specific applications that leverage the full portfolio of our infrastructure services. Spot PC for Virtual Desktop uses cloud volumes and Spot’s computer optimization technology. We’ve got spark for Kubernetes, which uses the Spot Ocean technology as part of its underlying infrastructure capability. And then most recently Instaclustr. I feel really good about the portfolio. Listen, we want to integrate these acquisitions so that they get off to a fast start. And I think we feel really good about our portfolio. If you look at the numbers that we are guiding to, I think if we hit, we finish FY2023 strong, we’re in great shape to accomplish our $2 billion target. And we’re just focused on, let’s get these right in the first half of the year, and then we’ll take a look at the market.
George Kurian: Yes. Hey, if I were to just add one more FSx is this software only solution. So as that ramps, that’s also accretive.
George Kurian: On demand, we feel good. Listen, we had strong customer adds across the portfolio in the quarter. We continue to see good dollar based net retention rates of 159%. So we feel good and we’re really focused on going and capturing the demand. Cloud continues to be a place where we see customers prioritizing investment.
George Kurian: Listen, I think what we’ve said is the first half of this coming year will be relatively similar to what we had in Q4, which is substantially better than what we – that we realized a substantially better outcome than what we feared going into the quarter. I think what we said in the second half of year is a modest tailwind to the first half of the year. We see improvements in the supply chain through the course of the year. I think COVID-related freight should get better. I think the amount of open market purchases should hopefully get better over time. I think we’re being a little bit cautious about where we are in the course of the year, but overall I think that’s the picture.
George Kurian: Listen, we don’t expect the valuation compression to go away, right. I think we see that as the start of the journey. And so we see plenty of opportunity ahead to do inorganic polls. I think the focus we’re trying to bring is, first of all, in our outlook, we feel really good about the outlook. We wouldn’t guide the year to a strong number if we didn’t feel that way. We see continued strength in organic innovation, for example, cloud storage and cloud insights. We’ve done a substantial number of acquisitions in CloudOps and we’re going to take a little bit of time to integrate them on the product side and integrate them on the go-to-market. I think it’s just – it’s fruited, it’s disciplined and we’ll be – we feel very, very good about our portfolio, not just in cloud storage, but in CloudOps as well.
George Kurian: We haven’t seen any evidence of pull forwards or phantom demand. I think we have a close relationship with our customers. Every one of them has been quite balanced in terms of being a good citizen around, hey, we’ll take some of our order and we’ll wait for others. So I think we’ve got a pretty balanced book of business. As we said, we’ve had supply gate demand for two successive quarters, Q3 and Q4, very clearly saw the same pattern and backlog is elevated.
George Kurian: I think it’s pretty much the same, pure and NetApp taking share from Dell and HP and several other players. So I would characterize it as no fundamental change, to be honest. Thank you.
George Kurian: Listen, I’ll just say, I’m not an economist, right? We are in discussions with our customers. I would say, in every IT portfolio, there’s probably projects that are strategic that will continue to be invested in regardless of supply chain constraints or economic environment or whatever it is, right. So I think those projects we see continuing, and we’re going to be a part of those as much as we can. I think with regard to our competitive environment, listen, we are part of several mega trends that those will continue, right, cloud, data management, analytics, high performance computing environments. So long as we continue to innovate and stay focused. I think we’ve got a good opportunity ahead.
George Kurian: I think if there’s an IT CapEx down cycle, what we generally see is within the IT spending envelope, transformational projects that are critical to business need will get prioritized. And so long as we are part of those projects, it’s a share gain opportunity.
George Kurian: Listen, I feel like we’ve accomplished a lot, right? I think no one believed us when we said our cloud storage would be a native service in all of the three major hyperscale cloud providers. And we’ve delivered on that. We said we would cross $500 million in cloud ARR and we’ve delivered on that. We said cloud gross margins would be add or better than company average gross margins, we’ve delivered on that. We said cloud would be a way for us to acquire a whole lot of net new customers, we’ve delivered on that. And over the course of the last two years, we’ve balanced organic innovation and there’s been a substantial amount with complimentary deliberate acquisitions that allow us to serve a full customer’s need right around an application portfolio. I think where we could do better is learn from the mistakes we made around integration, and we’re going to – everybody learns from that and we’re going to own that. And we’re going to take – do the work that needed to integrate those acquisitions better in the first half of this year. But I don’t think any of that diminishes from the opportunity in front of us or the place that we are. We’re in a strong position and we’re going to capitalize on it with disciplined execution.
George Kurian: Thank you. Before we close, we delivered a solid Q4 rounding out a strong FY2022 with the record levels of gross margin dollars operating income and earnings per share. Looking forward, we remain focused on capturing the substantial opportunity ahead as we scale our Public Cloud services while continue to drive growth in our Hybrid Cloud solutions. I want to underscore my confidence in the long-term thesis, we presented at our Investor Day of delivering value through sustained growth. Our alignment to customer priorities, strong balance sheet and prudent operational management put NetApp in a position of strength. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Perfect. Thank you, George. Amit, thanks for the question. So, hey, when we talked to you folks in February and we were looking at Q4, we had raised our expectations on the strength of Q3. We had expected Q4 to be largely consistent with what we saw in Q1, Q2, and Q3. And we expected to see some continued growth in Spot and Cloud Insights. We did know that there were some significant renewals in Cloud Insights. So as we went through the quarter, especially as we got into April, we saw increased churn in cloud insights. As you know, a good bit of the sale there are helping our customers move from their OCI, they're on-prem solution to the cloud solution, and some of them are still trying to find their way there. Spot. We saw lower expansion, as you know. We see – we have seen in the first three quarters a good bit of expansion in that business as they've deployed more into the cloud and that that didn't come through as expected. And then we did see higher sales and customer success turnover especially in the Spot group. So that's what happened in CloudOps. I'll now turn it back to George and I'll come back on your question on seasonality.
Mike Berry: Thank you, George. So Amit, on the numbers, I just want to walk that for you. So we ended the year in total ARR at $505 million. The midpoint of guidance is $800 million that does include $40 million from Instaclustr. So let's do the organic business first $505 million to $760 million at the midpoint, which implies about a 50% growth during the year. And then you add the $40 million exiting the year from Instaclustr that gets you to the $800 million. Hey as we go through the year, we feel really good about several drivers of growth that we should start to see accelerate as we go through fiscal 2023. Number one, we have added a good bit of sales capacity. You see it in the OpEx numbers, not only in 2022, but we will in the first half of 2023. We are excited about the ramp of FSx for on – FSx on-tap as well as GCP as we go through the year and have those become more meaningful contributors. As I talked about in my prepared remarks, we continue to invest a lot in the capacity for A&F specifically, and then a smaller pieces just as we resolve some of the items we talked about with CloudOps we think that that'll help the second half. So you should expect to see acceleration as we go through the year into the second half, and we feel really good about the $760 million number.
Mike Berry: Yes. Thanks for the question, Samik. So it's both of those. And let's take Hybrid Cloud first. So we do expect the margins, the product margins in Hybrid Cloud in the first half to be relatively consistent with Q4. We did say, hey, we thought Q4 was a trough. We still feel that way as we go through the year and then seeing some expansion in the back half driven by both the pricing actions that we took as well as all the work that's going on around supply chain, so both of those go into that number. And then from a Public Cloud perspective, there are several drivers of that increased gross margin that we've talked about; a) scaling that business as A&F scales and utilizes those assets better, more software and growth in that business. So it's both of those that will add to the margin and that breaks out apart. You'll also see when you go through the numbers; a) the cloud gross margins are starting to be a pretty significant contributor to the growth as we go into 2023 and beyond. So thank you for the question.
Mike Berry: Yes. Hi, Bala. It's Mike. So it's really the supply chain gaining that revenue generation. And it varies by geo in terms of the product. So no significant changes from a geo perspective those what you see there is really supply chain gaining that rev.
Mike Berry: Yes, so thanks Nik. My answer to that would be, we are intently focused on realizing the ones that we, we put in place we're still working through those. So at this point, that's our focus we'll see what the rest of the year holds. Never say never, but our focus right now, Nik is realizing those other two price increases.
Mike Berry: Hey Sidney it's Mike. So, great question. So thank you. So in Q4, we saw billings growth of 16%. As you know, billings is revenue plus change in deferred. Largely on a quarterly basis when you see billings and revenue come in differently, it's going to be driven by the timing of support, not only on point-of-sale, but also renewals. And that's exactly what happened in Q4. Keep in mind that a lot of our initial transactions will come with three years of maintenance. So you will get some variability on when those renew. So if you bifurcate the 16%, about 12% of that growth came through support renewals. And thankfully a lot of that was in software support. So that bodes well for all of us. And that was really based on the timing of some renewals, not only initial sales, but also renewals. So we watched that very carefully. We watched duration. And when you look at deferred revenue, you see some of that did go into long term. So we did see some longer term renewals typically related to initial sales. But we've seen that short term and long term deferred revenue percentage stay remarkably consistent. So that will jump around a little bit by quarter, nothing to be concerned about on this. It was a great quarter of billings and the nice part is that will translate into cash flow next year. So hopefully that helps.
Mike Berry: Yeah. Hey, thanks, David. So I want to answer that by saying, hey, by the time we get to a billion dollars in ARR, and I’m going to break it up for you a little bit, we would certainly expect to see us getting very close to at least the bottom of that range. And there’s two major drivers to that ramp. In CloudOps, the majority of those products are software cloud based as those continue to grow, they are accretive to not only cloud, but certainly the total company. And hey, the other big driver here is in cloud storage. We are continuing to invest a good bit for all the right reasons to drive growth in A&F and GCP. As we’ve talked about when it comes after a couple years, as we start to modulate that CapEx investment, those are being depreciated over three years that depreciation’s going to start to cap out. It’s going to have a significant positive impact to gross margins because now we’re going to benefit from utilizing those assets longer than their accounting life, because their useful life is quite a bit longer. So of all the stuff we’ve talked about, I feel really good about getting to 75%, at least at the bottom end, because of all those items. And to your earlier question, acquisitions will focus around those software and cloud assets as well. So all of those things added together make me feel really good about that range.
Mike Berry: Sure. So, hey, Simon, it’s Mike. I’ll do the gross margin first. So a couple things, it did dip down a little bit from I believe 71% to 68%. There were two major drivers of that. Number one is a little bit lower revenue. Obviously there is some fixed costs in there. The other part is we’ve continued to invest in the capacity specifically for A&F even though we are largely for our CapEx number for fiscal 2022 right about where we guided, there was a mix shift. Candidly, we spent less in facilities because I’m going to bring up supply chain again. We had a little issues there that got pushed in 2023 and for all the good reasons, we actually deployed more capacity for A&F. Now that depreciation hits right away and then the ARR builds. So that those were the two major drivers. As we go through fiscal 2023, our goal is to get back to that 70%, Instaclustr will come in and call it mid-60s margin. And we expect that to fully get to about 70% exiting the year. And then as we continue to build ARR and leverage the existing footprint, that’s why we feel good about getting back to 70% by the end of the year. So those are the margin puts and takes.
