Thomas Georgens: So, obviously, a few questions there. I think in terms of our guidance for next quarter, clearly, it's a factor in the macro as we see it, the factors that I talked about in the prepared text around certainly concerned about sequestration, certainly concerned about Europe, negative GDP growth last quarter. I know we need to balance that against what we see, what our customers are telling us, what we see in our own business and what we see in the pipeline. That's what ultimately leads to the number. I think, certainly, it's a difficult environment to be aggressive in, but the guidance we gave is a combination of all those factors, probably a tough macro and perhaps a little bit more focused on our own customer base, where, clearly, we've had some momentum in the past 2 quarters. I think it's part of the product revenue. The key component there is to, ultimately, tease apart a couple of issues. Number one is the OEM business versus the Branded business. The OEM business is almost exclusively product revenue. So to the extent that there's a slowdown in that part of the business, it hits product revenue pretty hard. The Branded business is spread out a little bit more than that. But if I look at this particular quarter, our Branded business was actually up 8% year-over-year. That's the strongest performance of our Branded business all year long. So if anything, that business is probably stronger now than it's been all along. To kind of glean the market share out of all of that is what is the product revenue growth of the Branded business because that's the only part that counts in the market share number, and I don't think we reported that. But the growth of the Branded product revenue, which would be correlated with the market share, is greater than our overall year-over-year growth. So that would put it in certainly single digits but mid single digits. And from a market share perspective, there might be somebody else at that level, but I don't see anybody doing better than that. So I got to believe that this number from a market share perspective has to be an increase in terms of our performance year-over-year. The broader question around the drive capacity, that's a function of a few things. Part of that is also the OEM business is a factor in that as well. The OEM business was bigger last year. The other thing is -- also has to do with product mix. We certainly saw a big push of the low-end platforms, which are good upgradable platforms and new footprints for us for the future, a new customer acquisition. But they're not as capacity laden as some of the other ones. So I think at the end of the day, it's not something that we're alarmed about. I think it's a function of the product mix, both OEM versus Branded and, likewise, high end versus low end.
Thomas Georgens: What I think specifically about the OEM business is a few things. I think first and foremost, the OEM business is going to be dated by the sell-through with the OEM partners. And most of the partners in that portfolio have storage businesses that are actually down year-over-year and some by a substantial amount. But I think that's case #1. The other part of it, frankly, is that it was down lower than we would have thought. So clearly, there's the behavior of the OEMs itself. And I think the OEM business will be different than our Branded business in that it will be a combination -- it will tend to be a little bit more volatile over time as make-buy decisions on their part shift back and forth. Likewise, we add new OEMs, that tends to be lumpy. So I think in the long run, it's absolutely our aspiration to continue to grow this business. I expect it to be a little bit lumpy and a little bit volatile certainly compared to our Branded business. So certainly, it's not something that we're backing off on. I don't know if I'm necessarily going to call a bottom on it yet because that's going to be a function of the performance of our OEM partners. But that said, it's still an investment area, it's still an opportunity for us, and we're still looking to add new partners, which we did last quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think first of all, it's robust again. I don't think we put a number on it this quarter, not wanting to mix bookings and revenues, but it was still very, very strong. In certain areas of the world, we actually have a go-to-market channel that's around telco and service providers, which isn't the entire service provider opportunity. It does include SaaS vendors and stuff like that. And that was the strongest performing sector in the U.S. by far. So overall, that business remains robust. We made a bet a couple of years ago that this was going to be a big element of growth for us and a big segment as customers think about IT as a Service and they think about service providers. And if I look at where we are with the service providers, where we are with the various different cloud providers, I think that those investments are paying off, and I think we're seeing that in the growth. Certainly, other people have talked about the growth of that segment. But I think the role of the service providers, the role of IT as a Service, is increasing over time and necessitated a focus. But part of that business tends to look like an OEM business, and that is, you kind of work with them, you get design wins, you get design into their practices and their services and then they need to sell through. And I think we're clearly seeing that. So from a service provider perspective, although there isn't a really great number out there, but I would eventually guess that our market share there is higher than our aggregate market share in the entire industry. And I feel good about the payoff we're getting from those investments we made a couple of years ago.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think another way to solve the cash as a percentage of market cap, obviously, is to make the stock price go up. And so we're working on that, too. But I think in general to your question on acquisitions, I've said in the past that as far as tuck-ins go, I think you should expect, just as we get bigger, we're looking for technologies, probably the rate of that will increase modestly. We did one last quarter. We just announced one today. So I think you should expect that kind of cadence going forward in terms of small tuck-in-type acquisitions. In terms of larger transactions, those are going to be very asynchronous. They're going to be a function of the opportunity, the price, the executability, obviously, the strategic fit. So I wouldn't forecast any trend on larger deals. Those are going to be entirely opportunistic. But as far as tuck-in activity, I think you should expect to see us, just as we get bigger and get more focused on this area, that probably, our historical rate will increase a bit. And like I said, you've just seen 2 in the last 2 quarters.
Thomas Georgens: So that's a real number in the context of our overall free cash flow generation. In fact, you back that number out, we're pretty much in the range.
Thomas Georgens: Certainly, there's been no shift in strategy other than, clearly, it's a challenging environment. We need to be careful, whether it be in the guidance that we give or the targets we give it internally. But we still have a very, very broad agenda of expanding our partnerships, ongoing innovation, the introduction of clustered ONTAP. And you'll see some other announcements from us very, very shortly around some new technologies that we spent some time working on. So the investment profile is still pretty robust. And so we certainly haven't backed off on the innovation agenda, but we're being careful about how we spend on other types of things and trying to keep this well within the envelope of reasonableness. Clearly, until there's a high-growth environment, then we need to be very, very careful on the OpEx in order to continue to drive the operating margin improvement. And as Nick indicated, we're now in the range of our long-term model in terms of gross margin. We're in the range of our long-term model in terms of operating margin this quarter. And our guidance for next quarter would imply similarly. But clearly, we need to be generating growth in this business. So we certainly aren't going to cut off R&D and preclude future growth.
Thomas Georgens: I think it's substantially a separate use case. I'd say in the specific case of IBM, clearly, they've got their own portfolio. And the positioning of the product within their portfolio, there's unquestionably overlap, and that's got clearly a factor. And I think that's certainly true now. It's certainly true even before Ingenio, where we have the E-Series. So I think the IBM is probably the one where there's competing factions within the portfolio. I think the other partners range from totally committed to this technology to having a clear defendable spot for this that doesn't have as much overlap. So I'd say partially in your question, yes, it's certainly true of IBM. In terms of competing with FAS, that's a lot less likely. Clearly, the price performance profile of this product really aimed at optimizing price performance and capacity is a segment that we've not gone after with FAS, per se. And if you look at where it's been successful, the vertical markets around high-performance computing, around media management, around video, around full Flash arrays, those are things where the price performance value proposition shows through, and I don't really think that, that's bleeding off any material FAS business. And that business, it's growth, plus the FAS business has generated the 8% Branded revenue growth that we saw this quarter. And we're quite pleased about that. That's certainly the best number we've seen in the year.
Thomas Georgens: Well, for us, this is somewhat of an unusual quarter for us because we've got the calendar year in the middle of our quarter. And I would say the fiscal cliff and the looming sequestration and impact on federal spending, certainly, while the federal and U.S. public sector number growth were actually quite good, I wouldn't say that we were immune from those dynamics in any way. We certainly saw big deals being stretched out. We saw greater approval cycles necessary to make business happen. And I think the key to that is we just need to have more things in the hopper that are going to come out the other side. So I wouldn't say that our business wasn't subject to all the dynamics that you're hearing from everybody else. I just think we're in more deals, so we've got more partners engaged. And as far as linearity in the quarter, I would say that it wasn't that much different than other quarters that we've seen. I'd say that the budget flush at the end of the year was within range, although certainly not robust. And as far as January goes, since we're trying close the quarter when other people are starting to begin a quarter, I think our January dynamics are a little bit different than other people. So I wouldn't want to generalize on January. There's a lot of budgets that are being created, a lot of uncertainty in our customer base. So we'll see how it plays out. But like I said, I don't think that given our guidance and given the numbers that we put up in the EPS, I wouldn't say that we are immune to the dynamics. I just think we're in more deals, we're more engaged and we have our partners more engaged. And it's allowing us to have many irons in the fire now, and they came through for us this quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Well, clearly, as a company, we have to preserve the business model. So we're not going to chase business at any price. We have a field organization, particularly at the senior levels, that are very, very heavily compensated on margin on deals. But it's a portfolio. And would we take low margin business? Yes, we do. I don't think -- I'm not ashamed to say that. But it's a function of a number of factors. It's a function and a territory of what their portfolio looks like, or they basically have a good mix of good solid deals that they can absorb some low margin deals. And it's a function of where the opportunity leads. Sometimes, breaking into some big accounts takes some sacrifice on our part if we believe that there's big opportunity for us going forward, and those are strategic decisions we make every day. So absolutely, we walk away from ugly deals that we believe are not leverageable in the future or are not strategic to us, or a poor fit for our technology. Clearly, that happens. On the other hand, we also take some very ugly deals as long as they fit within the broader portfolio and where we are in the quarter, and we think that there's longevity and long-term opportunity in those accounts.
Thomas Georgens: Well, we certainly share the FlexPod numbers on the call. And that number, I believe, is 2,100 new customers. In fact, we had the biggest acquisition of new customers around FlexPod this quarter. So I don't really see any slowing down of that momentum. And I think the key independent of any specific product component is I think that there's good alignment between NetApp and Cisco. I think our long-term view of the market and the role of Ethernet-based storage, I think we're very much aligned on that. I think if we think about how we go to market and very partner-centric, I think we're very much aligned on that. And I think the other component that we can underestimate is in terms of our aspiration and opportunity in the business. I think the opportunity for strategic overlap and strategic conflict is a lot less with NetApp than, potentially, some other partners. And as a result, I think we've got some good, clear momentum with a lot of runway ahead of us. So FlexPod is certainly something that's worked out very, very well. I think it's certainly been material to our business. I believe it's been material for Cisco as well. And some of the recent announcements that we did around some future joint development is actually expanding that not only in the FlexPod domain but around other use cases as well. So I think we're very, very pleased with the Cisco relationship. I think there's great alignment between the 2 companies. And I think that there's a clear runway of not a lot of strategic overlap and not a lot of conflict. And I think, frankly, that has helped us as well.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think to answer that question, you'd have to predict the business trajectory of our partners, which, in many cases, look like the overall market. And I think that's probably a good first path approximation about where this is going. I think for us, in terms of the E-Series OEM, and the NetApp FAS OEM is in there as well, clearly, this isn't something that we're anywhere close to surrendering on. In fact, I see growth opportunity there. We're certainly pursuing other OEM partners. But I think that we need to be careful on the OEM business that we also bear in mind that within the OEM context and that technology set is also coming E-Series Branded, which is becoming more and more important to our business and we're seeing good bookings growth there. So E-Series in the aggregate last quarter -- last year had OEM business well ahead of our forecast and a little bit of slow ramp on the Branded side. This year, we're seeing the OEM business coming down a bit and certainly disappointing relative to that. But we are seeing the pickup on the other side. So in the aggregate, the E-Series is probably moving closer to where we originally anticipated this business to be, but we need some more Branded pickup to really get there. But as far as the OEM business, clearly, it's something that we want to see. It's very, very prone to the dynamics of the OEMs themselves. Their own make-buy decisions, and that's a business that will be volatile because those make-buy decisions can change. And when they do change, you can go one way or the other. But we're looking to add more partners. We have added more partners, and we clearly want to see growth out of that. But if we can see growth out of that business and continue the acceleration of the E-Series, I think that's a big amount of impending growth in that category that we've not yet realized, not really seeing on our P&L yet.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think as we put together the guidance, we look at a number of factors and then weight those. So, I mean, clearly, we can all make our bet on how sequestration is going to play out. Is it going to play out as currently stated? Are they going to kick the can down the road? Is there going to be some type of compromise? And those are the things that we factor in. The other thing about the sequestration is it's not the entire federal business, and there are other areas of that, that we've actually had a pretty good quarter. And as you know, we've been trying to diversify our federal business over the last couple of years, and we've done that. And the other component of our public sector business is actually state local, and that actually has been a very, very high-growth business for us. And now, it's not a trivial part of our business anymore. Two years ago, when we started that, it was relatively small, and that's continuing to grow. The health care segment part of that is also healthy. So in terms of the U.S. public sector, I think it would be hard for us to claim that sequestration will be good for our business. But I think we're a bit more diversified than we used to be. But nonetheless, I think we need to be careful, and that's factored into the guidance we gave.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think first and foremost, the sequential growth now has been very, very strong sequential growth, 3 quarters in a row. And the actual number of systems out there was over 2,000. So it's not a trivial number anymore. When we look at the 6,000 family, which is our largest systems, over 20% of those are being shipped with clustered ONTAP now. Now, in general, most of the clustered ONTAP nodes are coming with new equipment as opposed to being upgrading old equipment in the field. That's a general trend. So for us, it appears to be the momentum is very, very high. We did our training sessions at the end of last year for our technical people and our partner technical people. We did that in Europe, United States and Asia, and it was very, very well-received. So this is clearly a technology that we're pushing with very, very high energy. And I think that right now, the ramp is probably steeper than we anticipated. And if I had to summarize, I'd say they were probably a little bit slower starting, but the ramp is actually steeper than we thought. So I think that with the latest releases of the software, perhaps the last hesitancy both on the part of our sales force and on the part of customers may have been cleared away. And certainly, post-8.1, the acceleration has been quite severe.
Thomas Georgens: Well, in some ways, I kind of consider this similar to -- in the questions we got 4 or 5 years ago around de-duplication, and the question is, is that good for our business or bad for our business? And if we have 99% market share, then it might be a concern. But as far as Amazon, I think the simple fact of the matter is, is that they're spending billions of dollars building an infrastructure. There are certain use cases that are going to be interesting to customers. And customers have to manage the hybrid nature of it, that they'll have some data on-prem and some data off-prem. And it's an opportunity for ONTAP to basically manage that for them. So we can look at Amazon as purely a competitor, or we can look at it as somebody we can sell product to, but I think that there's a lot of value in us thinking about Amazon as an alliance partner that's going to build an infrastructure that will be integral to the environment and how do we enable customers to use that and use that effectively. It's a way for us to partner with Amazon. It's a way for us to help solve a problem for end users. And the way I see it is data will be in a lot of places. It will be on-prem. It will be in service providers. It will be on Flash arrays. It will be on FAS arrays. It will be in hyperscale providers like Amazon. And as far as we're concerned that what we want to do is we want to be in a position to manage all of that data no matter where it lives. And the other thing about the offering that we provide is an opportunity to have access to the customer could use the server farms that Amazon has, they could use the storage as well, or they could use NetApp storage all at the same time. And I think that's what's unique about it. So for us, what's innovative and what's really interesting is the customer response to this. We just got briefed on this yesterday and very, very strong customer response that's interesting in this technology. And maybe in a simple way of putting this, we don't make disk drives, but we do software to manage them. And I think we want to bring the AWS environment into our management domain. So I think there's an opportunity to innovate here, there's an opportunity to create value. And yes, will some storage go in that direction? Absolutely. I'm not in denial about that. But if we can manage that process and use data ONTAP as the central control point, then I think there's a big opportunity for us because customers clearly want to go that way with a certain set of their workloads.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think the whole cloud space is -- we can probably spend the whole call on that. And there's a bunch of definitions that we want to go through. But first of all, on-premise computing, really driving the private cloud enabled by virtualization, that's a big opportunity. It's an area we've been successful and something that I see still as a huge opportunity for NetApp, particularly on our clustered ONTAP, and that will continue to grow. Out of that, some of that business, customers are looking at SaaS models or IT as a Service. And in the process of doing that, that's been a big part of our service provider for us, is understanding that customers want to move in that direction. It creates a concentrated set of customers but ones that have massive scale and massive performance requirements and nondisruptive operation and multi-tenancy. And once again, that's a good match for clustered ONTAP. So some of that business will move to other types of cloud providers. And clearly, that's a target for us and something that we've invested in and actually one of the areas of our business that's growing the fastest. And then there's this broader category for hyperscalers, and that's what we're talking about here. I think that there are a set of workloads where those are not appropriate, and there's a set of workloads where those are, which means that end users are going to have some amount of their data on-premise, some data in service providers and some data at the hyperscalers. And I think somebody to broker all of that, I think, is really important. I think a single-point solution around any one of those is going to be an island of storage, and I think it's NetApp's opportunity to integrate those. So rather than doing Google or Azure or Amazon as purely a competitor, the question is, what about them as an alliance partner as part of the overall hierarchy of storage and the infrastructure of a data center? And that's our play, and it's really interesting to see what the response has been to this announcement that we did with Amazon.
Thomas Georgens: Well, storage grid is clearly a different type of opportunity. What Amazon and some of these other technologies are driving is really object-based storage at scale. And whether people want to build that capability in-house, or we want to enable people to build a capability that can compete with Amazon or particularly around vertical markets like health care, clearly, we see storage grid in that particular domain. So there's no doubt that the role of object-based storage is becoming a bigger and bigger talking point with customers, and that's where we see storage grid playing.
Thomas Georgens: Well, it's clearly anecdotal. It's company-by-company. It's industry-by-industry. Financial services is still an area where we see elongated cycles and, obviously, concern economically. On the other hand, there are certain geographies that are very, very robust for us. Japan has been remarkably strong. China remains strong. But it's very, very mixed and it's very, very case-by-case specific, certainly, that there are overhangs. I think sequestration, the impact on DoD, I think, is pretty clear, and I don't think we have escaped that. Overall, GDP growth being negative in the U.S., but some industries, like financial services, are struggling. Other ones, oil and gas or our consumer, have actually been a little bit stronger on the IT side. So I think it's very, very mixed. I don't think there's one geography that's successful across the board. And even within the more active vertical markets, it's really a story around successful players are less successful players. If I had to generalize, I would say certainly no improvement is probably the best I can say at this point.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think that as far as the stock price, that's going to be derived from our performance. And so our focus is executing on the performance and delivering the results every day. The other message, to the extent that there's a dramatic message to the team is that the macro is the macro, it's everybody's problem and there's nothing we're going to do about that. We need to focus on the things that we can control. We need to focus on innovation. We need to focus on expanding our partnerships and our alliances. And if I look at the hard work that we've done around that, it's great to see the clustered ONTAP adoption. That's the biggest innovation in our history. It's great to see the momentum around that because it's a big differentiator. And when that's fully deployed and people really see the value of it, and now that we've gotten a substantial amount of the functionality there that people can derive tremendous value on that today, we like that. And likewise, we've got other things on the way. You'll see a Flash announcement from us very, very soon, the use of E-Series as an all-Flash array and shipped 100 units last quarter, pending growth of Branded E-Series. So if I look at where we are today, I think there's a lot of nascent growth opportunities. Clearly, we need to ultimately execute. But I'd say that clustered ONTAP is in the early days of impacting NetApp's business. E-Series is in the early days of impacting NetApp business. We're going to ship Flash Accel this quarter. We're going to make a Flash announcement in the near future. So I think there's some pending growth things. So for us, focus on that innovation piece. You've seen publicly what we've done around alliances, around recent announcements with Cisco, around Citrix, around SAP. Clearly broadening the appeal of our products integrates highly with other solutions. And then internally, we talked about the OpEx story, is that how do we be very, very, very focused on execution across every aspect of the business? So it's a time for focus, it's a time for intensity. It's not a time when there's a big investment envelope, and just focus on the things that we can control. And the message to the team is, is that independent of the macro, if we execute on things that we can do on all of these fronts, then NetApp can drive consistency, do what we say we're going to do and drive out performance in this industry whether the macro rebounds or not. And that's really our focus.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. Well, first of all, thank you very much for your time today. We appreciate your interest in NetApp, and we look forward to seeing you in, roughly, 90 days. So thanks again.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And the other point that I should add on top of that is that the E-Series OEM side of it, the E-Series Branded side of it, is actually picking up the pace quite a bit, and we actually saw some good momentum, particularly around the Flash products.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Brian, this is Nick. Let me start that, and I'm sure if Tom has some comments, he'll add on to it. If you look at the cash and investments balance at the end of the quarter here, this is reflective of the notes and the $1 billion of notes that we issued in December. The other thing to think about is 50% of the cash is in the U.S. So a couple of things going on, let me kind of work through the pieces here. We have $1.265 billion of convertible notes coming due in June. Those are cash-settled convertible notes. So that is a $1.265 billion of U.S. cash due in June. So you have to really take that off of the 50% of cash and investments balance. Now let me kind of work the other side for a second, which is what are we doing with cash. If I look at cash from operations year-to-date, I pick that off the cash flow statement, 80% of that has been reinvested in the business. It's been reinvested in the business or returned to shareholders. The reinvestment from the business CapEx side, on the acquisition side, we've now got a set of technology tuck-ins that we've done. In terms of returns to shareholders, we've got a set of returns, 410 million so far this year. We're going to do some additional in the fourth quarter. All of those pieces will come through this year and show up in these numbers. So if I roll back to what I indicated at our Financial Analyst Day last June, it was really balanced in the use of cash, balanced in the use of cash in terms of investing in the business, balanced in terms of investing in M&A, balanced in terms of return to shareholders. We're doing all of those things. We expect to continue to do all of those things. We're in a period here where we've got a convertible note coming due in June. We've got senior debt that we issued in December. We've got a set of synthetic leases which were the remaining off-balance-sheet synthetic leases that are now done and taken care of in Q3. All of those things are kind of coming together and are part of clearing up and making obvious the capital allocation philosophy.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. So I think there's a couple of things there, Amit. Let me start -- this is, again, Nick. Let me just start with quarter in Q3. And there was a set of questions going from Q to Q -- from Q2 to Q3 guidance and really a set of questions on what's going on, on the product side of the fence. Because if you looked at the guidance, it would suggest that the gross margins on the product side would be down a little bit. What's going on, on the service side of the fence? There's some different things going on in both areas. Okay? First of all, on the product of the fence, we suggested that -- and I think there was a specific question last quarter. "Hey, are product gross margins going to go higher?" We said, "Hold on a second, there's a couple of things going on." First of all, we have an OEM business. We've got a little bit of calendar year-end drag that's going to happen in product gross margins from an OEM business. As we close the quarter, there's probably less of that drag than we expected. There's probably some other elements that offset that in a few other areas in product gross margin. But at the end of the day, the 53.1% we did was probably pretty close to what we expected. There's been a noise over the last year on disk drives and the drag associated with disk drives. That's all behind us now. Q2 is generally a higher configuration mix quarter. That obviously is not going to happen in Q3. So all of the things, they're never going to be exactly as you'd expect, but all of those things came together and overall product gross margin kind of in the range of what we'd expect. If I look back 16 quarters, or if I look at Q3 to Q4 for the last 4 years, product gross margin is flattish to up. That's what we're expecting in the guidance here. It's flattish to up. It's a combination of what's going on in the Branded business, and it's a combination of the OEM side of the fence. If OEM revenue is flat to down, there's less drag because OEM revenue carries a lower product gross margin than the rest of the business. On the service side of the fence, we have inside Q3 a little bit better gross margin than we originally anticipated associated with mix of business. On the service side of the fence, we also manage and make investments from time-to-time. And many times because those investments are made to service the growing installed base, you make the investments in front of the installed base growth, okay, which means you are making them in advance of the revenue growth. So sometimes, that will mean that you've got a service growth -- gross margin decline in front of the revenue that occurs. We build all of those factors together and look at those in combination from Q3 to Q4. So in terms of the guidance range of 60% to 61%, again, I think that's based upon the bottom-up roll-up that I just took you through in some respects here. It's based upon the revenue side of the fence and that flat to down on the OEM and the up on the Branded side, on the product revenue side, and it's based upon the continued growth of installed base and the investments we need to make on the service side of our business from time to time.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. So Keith, one of the impacts, and we talked about this last quarter, to free cash flow in Q3, was the buyout of those synthetic leases, right? [indiscernible] CapEx, that's going to drag free cash flow performance as a percentage of revenue. Our expectation is to be able to get back to that range we talked about at our Analyst Day. Our expectation would be for continued performance on the cash flow side of the fence in Q4. And so I think if I take it to the overall model, the expectation is to continue to move towards the ranges we've put out there, and you see that on the gross margin side. We're inside the range on that model we put out there, which was 60% to 62% for Q3. We hit the low end of the range of the operating margin, 17% to 19%. And we'll continue to work on the free cash flow side.
