Steven Gomo: Yes for the next couple three quarters I think again maybe a point of growth knocked off. I don’t think it is more than that. 
Steven Gomo: The math is roughly right. I’m looking at some worksheets here that say the benefit from gross margin is slightly better than the impact from expenses. In fact, I think our revenue level required to hit our targeted margin is possibly even lower as a result of this. We are talking $10 million type of thing. As we go forward, just so you know the reason why expenses are up it is not like we are adding a lot of resources here. If you look at the $15 million delta between the $410 we were hoping to hit and the $425 over half of it is due to currency.  We have also reclassified some people. We just talked about freeing up some professional services resources so we are taking those effective resources if you will and we moved them down to the sales line so there is about $3 million associated with that. Finally there are some miscellaneous commissions and one-time transformation projects, etc. that are a couple of million bucks.  The biggest factor is currency. It is not like we are pouring a lot of new money here, or hiring a lot of new people. That is not the point behind the increase in OpEx.
Steven Gomo: I think the seasonal sequential growth question has two elements. One of them is what is the overall economic climate going to allow. I think the other one is how much of it was absorbed into the 14th week in the current quarter. I think there has been a lot of discussion internally about what the 14th week actually meant in terms of the revenue impact. I think the expense impact is a lot easier to predict than the fixed cost. Our estimate is around $20 million. The contribution to deferred revenue and the deferred waterfall is pretty easy to understand and that is actually under $1 million and the rest of it is business that was taken in the quarter that was turned and turned into revenue. Given that not all the weeks are equal and we are back end loaded and the end of the fiscal months tend to be big weeks booking wise I think we all generally believe the impact is well less than a full week and $20 million is as good a number as any. So I think that is the number we are asking you to think about and you can factor into your own macroeconomic assessment as to what seasonality might look like. 
Steven Gomo: Please check your phone. I think we got about every other word. You were breaking up pretty badly there. If the question is given the fact you were roughly 12% of revenue this quarter with free cash flow and traditionally you have been north of 20% and do you see yourselves getting back there and how do we get back there. If we think about it, we just finished a quarter where the operating margin was 10.6 percentage points. So we got another 5.5-6 points right there when we get back to the operating model if we are going to take up our cash flow, roughly, because of our very efficient tax rate.  The other thing to keep in mind is our other income is extremely low right now. It is down to the lowest level we have seen certainly since I have been here, 7 years now, and the reason for that is our cash is kept on short-term investments so the yield on those investments is very, very small. Over time we will be layering those out again as we feel comfortable with the kind of investment opportunities available to us and the securities that we have confidence in and we will be able to increase that. When you add back both the margin improvement we are going to get and you add back the other income improvement I think we are going to get a big one but just a reasonable one.  Finally, if you return to a nominal level of growth; it doesn’t have to start with a 2 or a 3 kind of thing, I think I feel very comfortable about getting back up to the kind of levels in free cash flow that we have seen in the past. 
Steven Gomo: If I could add to that comment, I think one additional point to keep in mind is we are still seeing a lot of one-year renewals in service and support. That is an indication people are trying to stretch their capital as far as they can before they renew. I think that will drop and that will be an indicator that things are returning to normal and people are starting their normal buying patterns. 
Steven Gomo: They came down slightly from last quarter but you are always expecting a very high fourth quarter because we are paying commissions on it and the sales guys are doing everything they can to get everything in the door. Compared with what I would have expected in the first quarter we are still a little bit on the high side. 
Steven Gomo: A couple minor thoughts. If you look at our product margins as you think about it as things bounce back the thing we are going to see first on the P&L is the revenue that we record in the period. That is the product margins. That is why it is important to get those back towards 60%. The big jump this quarter was very important. You will note, or I will note for you right now, the guidance we gave you with respect to our gross margins going forward the reason it is possibly a little higher than I think was anticipated was because we expect those product margins maybe not to hold at the current levels, but they are going to be up from where they have certainly been running and indeed I think the trend is in the right direction and I expect to see those to continue to climb over the next few quarters. 
Steven Gomo: First, this is the eternal struggle, right? The natural tendency is for gross margins to decline. The natural tendency of the management team is to fight that every step of the way. We are just trying to give you a prediction of where we feel it is going to fall. I think in the relatively short-term here I am looking for relative stability, a slight decline from maybe the 63.7% but relative stability in product gross margins.  Look at the mix of SEM. SEM mix is at the highest level it has ever been. The revenue on SEM has 98% conversion rate to gross margin. So that is going to help our service profitability is good and products are coming up. So right now I think we are in a relatively stable situation. It could be a couple of percentage points. But a relatively stable situation with respect to gross margins. 
Steven Gomo: I think we will know it when we see it is the best way to describe it. I think at this point we are pleased with the way the quarter came out. If you look at the storage industry we are seeing our competitors all talking about high teens and down 20% year-over-year. In fact most of the competition in this industry has given up on year-over-year compares. We just put up a quarter of flat year-over-year. I wouldn’t read into that not giving guidance that we have got concerns about the business. It is just that the business is unpredictable and there is a pretty high error guard around it. Overall I think that just in the recently reported quarter I think our numbers are pretty substantial compared to those of our competition. 
Steven Gomo: A couple of questions. One is that headcount did go up this quarter. If you remember when we talked about the restructuring that we did a few quarters ago we indicated that virtually every group had passed their target in order to free up investment in their strategic initiatives. The expectation is they would back fill in accordance with that. That is more or less what happened. Some functions moved around and some displacement. The hiring we put in place and the incremental hiring that we had is absolutely consistent with those activities. They don’t represent a change in our stance relative to overall spending strategies.  I think going forward sales force capacity is a fascinating question. I think we have tried to put numbers on it in the past. I would say overall sales force productivity today is substantially below where it was in a more steady times which leads me to believe that we have substantial sales capacity built into our existing infrastructure. I think we can grow the business on the opportunity return without having to hire a bunch of people first. 
Steven Gomo: I think they do but on a diminishing rate. I think that our growth starts to kick in slowly they will start to turn the other way. Remember, everything attaches to products. Products drive everything and products are the leading indicator. 
Steven Gomo: No, I think we went with the new methodology. I think we need to get some quarters under our belt in terms of identifying the trend. Certainly we have been higher than we have been at this point and we have been lower than this point before. So it is not off the curve just yet. I think overall from a margin perspective I don’t think it really has any margin impact at all. If they are going to buy a product that is going to be SAN only or [inaudible] only as opposed to both of them they aren’t going to buy both protocols. I think that is going to have a small impact overall. I wouldn’t read anything into the margin story. Certainly I wouldn’t draw the fact that our margins were up because unified was down. I think that would be incorrect. 
Steven Gomo: One of the things that actually dragged on V series revenue is the fact that V series is often our entry point into a new account. It is one thing to go into a customer base and tell them we have this technology that will dramatically reduce the amount of storage you need. We can reduce it by 20-50%. In a lot of those cases we actually guarantee it. The customer says well that is great but I’ve already bought all this stuff. We go in with the V series today as an entry point. Over time as that back end equipment ages and comes to the end of its life and will be replaced, it is not uncommon and in fact for years our very largest V series account has recently converted over to actually selling full systems. So as our relationship grows with those a lot of the V series business goes away and converts into traditional SAS systems.  The V series volume has actually had to overcome that offset of customers who buy the V series as an entry point and then it converts into full systems. So that dynamic clearly exists. The V series growth has overcome that. In the early days of the V series the sales force was somewhat reluctant to sell it simply because it didn’t have the dollar ASP of the full system. Sometime back we actually made it so we could actually had our own disc rate behind it so you could sell the V series today and then add disc drives. Then ultimately sell full systems when the customer was ready to do that.  So, I am not quite sure where you are going with the question but overall I think we have been expanding our V series footprint and the V series represents a new account penetration and it also has a negative drag on in the fact that next generation customer might actually buy a V series in the past and might buy a full system from us, yet are still growing anyway. I think all in all the V series is an enormously powerful tool from the customer acquisitions. 
Steven Gomo: Data on Tap is in the hands of some customers. I am not going to talk about how many data sites or how many they have had it. In the prepared talk we mentioned in the next few weeks is where we are at with that. Overall I don’t anticipate that it is going to be a sudden boost in revenue. Certainly it is going to open up some account activity for us but there shouldn’t be a sense that customers are waiting for that in order to buy from us. Data on Tap is a free upgrade for those people that have Data on Tap 7. It runs on the same hardware as Data on Tap 7. I think that the continuity of customer demand is probably not being disrupted or enhanced by Data On Tap 8. It is a foundational technology for us that brings a lot of base functionality but it also brings a lot of future innovation. That is really where we are going with it. I wouldn’t look for data on tap to be a stimulus of new demand nor would I conclude that Data on Tap is somehow deferring purchases until it comes out. 
Thomas Georgens: Effectively the goal in the organization and the annual plan that people are spending to has not changed. All these differentials and the special line items that Steve indicated have not actually loosened the expenditures in terms of either hiring or in terms of other spending at the company. So, I think in terms of what the individual budget and individual managers are seeing they are actually performing close to our original plan. We just had a couple of these line items that added on to the top of the number. 
Thomas Georgens: I don’t think this is the normal seasonality in the sense that I went back and looked at 7 out of the past 8 years, I threw the year out where we missed the first quarter so we had a 14-15% increase in 2Q over 1Q a couple of years ago. If you look at 6 out of those 7 years we average about 5.5% in sequential increase when our growth rates were much higher obviously than they are today and the market was much healthier so you can take it from there.  
Thomas Georgens: I think there are a couple of factors. I think if you compare to where we were 6-9 months ago particularly during the last part of last calendar year kind of the big trend out there and probably the biggest frustration was people had budgets in place that still could not get deals approved. So there was a substantial amount of transactions where you had technical recommendations and even departmental recommendation but we couldn’t get sign off.  To that extent is what is a bit different today. I think the budgets are a bit more predictable although there is still some of that. I think the range of outcome as far as predictability of pipeline closing is better than it was 6-9 months ago but I would say it is not quite back to normal. So clearly we are still seeing a lot of no decision made being a criteria in our ability to close the pipeline. So win/loss ratio I think will remain substantially unchanged and I think the deferred decisions are going down but not quite where they once were. So I’m not going to declare we have normal buying behavior at this point but certainly improvement over where we were at the end of last year. 
Thomas Georgens: From my perspective the gross margins are high. I think part of it is discipline and discussions we had with the sales organization going in and a bit more stabilization so we can put more pressure on them. I think we are quite pleased with the margin. I think they clearly indicate the strength of the product line particularly in storage efficiency. I don’t think the market has gotten any less competitive in the last quarter. I think we have been a bit firmer and a bit more diligent and I think we have done that without sacrificing revenue growth.  All around I think that feels good. As far as getting back to 16, I will let Steve put a number on it if he wants. The way I would look at it, last year with the deteriorating market that we had for three consecutive quarters, Q2, Q3 and Q4 of increasing operating margin despite a deteriorating environment. We start this year a point better than where we started last year and hopefully with a better environment ahead of us.  To my point about envisioning 16 points I am not quite sure I am quite in a position to talk about when we can get there but certainly the mathematics are favorable even with modest growth. It is certainly no matter how you look at it, those numbers are achievable again.  As far as our spending plan I think we want to remain disciplined around our spending and I don’t think we have any real anticipation of releasing our spending constraints until we get back to our operating model. Right now we are very, very focused on achieving year-over-year growth and once we do that I think we will be pretty close to our operating model and when that happens I think only then will we think about spending more. Right now I don’t anticipate opening up the flood gates on spending in the near term until such time as we get closer to our historical model. 
Thomas Georgens: Steve isn’t backing away from the number, I don’t think he was backing away from 61. He was backing away from where we just came in of nearly 64. Going forward I think the gross margin number was impressive and I think a sign of the field’s response to our request but I think in general that is probably a higher number than our historical pattern and not what it is going to take to get us back to 16 points. I think we would like to use a little bit of that to go a bit more competitively and use that to try and gain some share or motivate some partners or whatever.  I think the dynamics that are leading to that number are largely intact and we might choose to use some of that strategically to generate some more demand. 
Thomas Georgens: I think there are a couple. I think the first one is confidence in the conversion rate of the pipeline. Again, if you looked at our pipeline you might say gosh this is a really good looking pipeline, what is wrong with it? It is a question how confident we are that all those points on there convert when they say they are going to convert. While things are improving there they are not where they were a year ago type of thing where they gave us the confidence level to be able to predict. We are getting there. I would just say we are just not quite there yet. 
Thomas Georgens: I think we are always open to ideas. The first part of your question, we will always be open to technology tuck-ins. We will continue to do that. We did Arrow roughly a year ago and that clearly had a very, very successful year for us and was way over plan. I think we will continue to look for those particularly in the software space and the management space. As far as Data Domain is concerned, I went through the rationale for that. I think it gave us an opportunity to enter an adjacent market. It allowed us to enter an adjacent market in a way with a scale that was actually going to impact our overall growth rate as a company.  I think we would be open to that. I don’t think that represents any diminishment of our confidence in our core business. Given the opportunity to pick up a property like Data Domain I think we would be glad to do it. Eventually those things have a price and this one I thought was beyond reasonable in terms of our analysis but I don’t think that opens up a void that we feel any compelling nature to fill with something else. I think it was an adjacent market. We have products in that market. We can up our investment or not and we can grow organically in that environment or not.  I think for us the core business is still healthy and if there is an opportunistic way to add an adjacent market whether it be heterogeneous backup or something else I think we will pursue it. Certainly I don’t think we are gun shy. 
Thomas Georgens: I think in the mid-sized enterprise you just have far more accounts. Statistically, relief is in your favor. In the large account what we see is we can see an average performance across them all but it is not that they are all within a few percentages of each other. Some are way up. Some are way down. Some are up last quarter and then they take a stall. I think when you have smaller accounts you have a lot more volatility quarter-to-quarter and therefore it makes that business harder to predict. When you try to track top enterprise accounts you are talking about 30-40 accounts, they are up, they are down. There is one way up. There is movement one way one quarter and one way down if they move the number. That business I think by nature simply because it is a smaller set with big numbers that are very volatile I think have a big impact on our business.  The MSE is just a big long and deep pipeline that I think statistically then tend to be a little bit easier to predict. Maybe not individually but in the aggregate. I think of the two the MSE is a little bit easier to predict for us. I think if you look at our performance over the last year in terms of our new customer acquisitions, we have clearly diversified our revenue stream and I think that has been an important objective. We have got relatively high concentration and volatility in a small number of accounts with a big impact on our business. I think that the diversification as well as the overall economic climate I think has a bit more predictability. 
Thomas Georgens: I think we have done a few things. I don’t have the new customer acquisition number off the top of my head but that is clearly the major priority for us. I think overall as a company the leverage of our partners as a way to reach both the mid size enterprise and even a fair amount of storage 5000 has been an important objective. So our indirect business this quarter was up year-over-year and our direct business was down. I think we are going to more of an aggressively leveraged model whether it be for resellers, systems integrators or our bigger partners like IBM. That is clearly an emphasis for us both in terms of gaining more market coverage and also getting more sales leverage from an SG&A perspective. 
Thomas Georgens: I think it is a range of mix. Another factor is when we talk about “systems” and hardware those things are not devoid of software. As a result it is also a function of what type of software we include in the base unit. Things like de-duplication, file systems and those types of things all come with the base system. The other thing we have been doing in order to simplify our software purchase is we have been doing more and more bundling. Certainly feedback we have gotten from customers is that our software menu leads for a very, very complex generation of [inaudible] and upgrades and things of that nature. We are restructuring how our software is put together both in terms of bundles and in terms of what we call a package and also what we include in the base system.  I think the numbers may move around but they might not necessarily by apples-to-apples comparisons. I think probably a more compelling component of that is actually the combined product gross margin is probably more an indication of how successful we are in selling our value. I also think that as the economy comes back I think we are going to see a shift in mix just slightly. I think our mix has stabilized over the past several quarters now. We haven’t talked about a significant change. As the economy starts to grow and the customer is still more comfortable spending in IT and specifically storage I think we are going to see a mix shift back towards the mid range and towards more highly configured systems which includes more software up front. I think there is going to be less service renewal also to go along with that.  The net/net of that would be to probably pick up the amount of configured software in the mix over time. It is not going to knock it off the chart. It is not going to move it four percentage points or something like that but it will move it up from where it is. 
Thomas Georgens: I would add that I think when the new operating system is out there and once it gets adopted into our installed base I think it is going to be a major leverage point for R&D efforts. It is going to be the platform of development and now we will be able to concentrate on one OS and hit it really hard with innovation. 
Thomas Georgens: I’m not going to do month by month. I am not going to comment on what other people have said or talked about robust demand. Virtually every other storage company has actually seen year-over-year declines increase in Q2 and not Q1 and that is not true of NetApp. Although we don’t want to prognosticate about the future I think we feel pretty darn good about the quarter we just put out there. I think we feel pretty darned good about our prospects. I think we are doing a lot better than those other companies.  With June/July and where is August, it is kind of hard. We have a back end loaded quarter and typically the only month that matters is the last one. Overall, I think we feel really good about the quarter out there and flat year-over-year, flat is the new up, our aspirations are better than that but we are still talking about year-over-year comparison and everybody else is giving up on it. 
Thomas Georgens: We look forward to seeing you all on October 8th at our Analyst Day in New York and updating you on our future results on November 18th. Registration for Analyst day is open on September 1. Thank you for your time. Thanks for the kind words. Goodbye. 
