George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Our success in all-flash arrays is broad and wide. We have net new customers, we have new workloads within our existing customers, and upgrades within our install base. I would tell you that the net new customers and new workloads are materially bigger as a percentage of our all-flash business, reflected, for example, in the market share gains we're seeing in the SAN business, rather than our traditional install base. As percentage of our install base, all-flash FAS is a very small percentage. It's less than 10% of the deployed install base. So we've got lots of headroom to go.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think, first of all, in the competitive landscape, things have not changed substantially. As we said, the major competitor that we go up for the majority of the deals are the large system manufacturers, most notably EMC and the other high-end SAN arrays that we are displacing with all-flash FAS. HP has always been the low-price leader, and they lack the feature set in terms of data management services. So they compete aggressively on price. And the startups are increasingly challenged to differentiate themselves, and so you see evidence of desperation from various different smaller startup players. I'll just leave it there.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Overall, strategic products were up 22% year-on-year, so we saw really strong growth. In terms of the strategic numbers, it's only product revenue that comprises the strategic number. Our all-flash array number includes products and services, right? I think when you think about all-flash versus hybrid flash arrays, I mean, they're essentially solutions we offer customers. Some customers, for their workloads, choose all-flash solutions and some customers choose hybrid solutions. We have a unique advantage in the market that we are able to offer customers choice with the same set of data management capabilities. So if the price of NAND rises unexpectedly, we can always offer them a hybrid solution which no one else in the market can offer.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We have NVMe support in the flash arrays that we introduced to market, so the flat FAS9000, the 8200, 2600 series all have NVMe integrated onboard for a low latency cash. We also have in the A700s a NVMe over fabric ready architecture. NVMe will become just like fiber channel. It'll take time to get adopted and become deployable widely at customers as a true storage solution. We're working with the industry to make that available, and it will become part of every platform. I don't think there is meaningful differentiation from NVMe. I think, as I've said continuously, proven data management capabilities, integration in the application domain, and delivering business value will be the composition with customers. NVMe will become a check box that all of us will have, us included.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: First of all, in terms of the cost savings that we have taken on, it's a transformation across all aspects of the business. I would say in the product portfolio, it is to leverage the capabilities that the supply chain has to not only meaningfully reduce the cost of introducing new hardware platforms, but actually accelerate the pace at which we are introducing new hardware platforms. The recent lineup of FAS hardware platforms were introduced at 3 times lower cost of introduction and three 3 faster. So we're substantially better in terms of the way we build systems and hardware. The second is in terms of our shared services environments, we've consolidated the operations of many of our back end functions into a shared services platform. There's continuing work to be done to complete that transition, but that offers promise of not only savings for this year, but in years to come by being much more efficient. Things like reporting, payroll administration, various elements of human resources and so on will be delivered from a centralized shared services facility rather than close to the employees, giving us both consistency and operating leverage. And in the go-to-market area, as you can see, the work that we have done, particularly in the services business, have materially improved the profitability of that line. We've integrated, for example, self-service support, online chat as opposed to human support. And you'll see us integrating advances in machine learning so that customers can both get better satisfaction, but at a lower cost. So we remain committed to doing that. As we think about the savings that we generate, we'll continue to look at all of the options that are in front of us, right? Returning some of that through improved profitability to shareholders, as well as investing in the long-term growth of the business. One of the meaningful areas that we've invested in is SolidFire. And you can see, we're not only leveraging that investment in the all-flash array segment, but to deliver a compellingly differentiated hyper-converged offering to the market.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think the install base of units is growing at a faster rate now. I think in terms of the systems, life cycle continues to expand, right? So I think the continued extension of life cycle is what causes the install base to have legs and growth, right, in addition to the product revenue growth that we're seeing now, so.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Okay. Let me take the first one, and Ron will take the second. I think in terms of our approach to media prices, we've generally taken the position that we will pass on whatever cost structure being offered to us, benefit or disadvantage, from the media manufacturers to our customers. I think the caution is really reflecting the dynamic nature of SSD availability and pricing. As we noted, we've put in place the capability to meet a short supply. We're wanting to guarantee a short supply to our end customers, and that has been a priority ahead of specific pricing agreements.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: From a channel program perspective, we've started to see the beginnings of an integrated channel program from EMC. I'll just tell you that incentives are just a small part of the total value proposition that a channel partner looks for from their supplier. I think the competitiveness of the product portfolio, the fact that we enable our channel partners to have a rich base of margin-rich services associated with the business that they're doing with NetApp continues to make us a compelling value proposition to our partners. So we're going to continue to attack with the full breadth of our channel, and we are making progress as our results note.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: They are solutions that are fixed configurations of our Clustered ONTAP and all-flash FAS products that make it easy for the channel to procure, and we did include that in a couple of the past quarters. So there's a slight adjustment for that. The second question was on amortization.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We have a broad book of business around the world. I would just tell you our book of business is affected by GDP outlook, as well as the competitiveness of our portfolio and execution against those opportunities. We didn't notice any specific change in pattern through the course of the quarter across the broad base of geographies that we serve.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think through the course of the quarter, we saw a strong year-end budget flush. We saw January return to fairly normal patterns of uncertainty across the geographies that we serve and saw linearity similar to normal sort of back end loaded quarters, right? I think in terms of the segments of the market that we serve, I think our pivot is targeting the faster growing parts of the market. So there's a lot more interest as a share of wallet for the technologies that we're offering today, like solid-state, next-generation data centers, object storage, as well as what we're thinking about delivering to market in the hyper-converged space. I think in terms of traditional environments, you continue to see people sweat assets trying to get longer lifecycles out of that. We're benefiting from the fact that we've got a differentiated portfolio. We're benefiting from the fact that the portfolio is targeting the places where customers are spending. And, frankly, we're benefiting from the fact that Clustered ONTAP significantly and substantially transforms the cost structure for legacy frame array. We can go in there at an order of magnitude greater efficiency and enable lots more software features than they've historically had.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We'll give you more details of the long-term outlook at our Analyst Conference. I can just tell you that we are increasingly seeing wins where people are using NetApp Private Storage solutions connected to public cloud providers. And what we've always said is we anticipate returning the company to moderated revenue growth. Our focus on transformation allows that moderated revenue growth to generate substantial returns to shareholders, and we're delivering on that commitment right now.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think if you look at our results today, we are gaining share in the markets that we serve. In the all-flash array market, there's no question we're growing faster than competitors, big and small. I think if you look at the storage and device management market, we took over the number one position from EMC in that market. We've made solid progress in Clustered ONTAP in terms of transitioning our install base, and are doing so with greater operating margin leverage. As we indicated on the call, we are working on a next-generation hyper-converged solution which we think will allow us to do to the hyper-converged market what we did to the all-flash array market: serve the needs of mainstream customers with a platform that's differentiated with performance, enterprise data management capabilities, and hybrid cloud integration. We think that's what the market wants. And we're focused and going to be delivering that, and you'll see us make some exciting announcements early next fiscal year.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: It isn't a net new market that we serve. It will allow us to serve the system or virtualization administrator at customers rather than the storage administrators. The hyper-converged market today is sort of a first-generation solution. The solutions don't have enterprise data management features. They have challenges with performance consistency, which requires them to become a single workload configuration and are, therefore, addressing the low-end market, the departmental market. There are few solutions that can really serve anything broader than that market. What we're trying to bring to customers, just like we did in the all-flash array market, is a solution that allows customers the benefits of ease of administration, but with the unique benefits of performance and scalability, enterprise data management and hybrid cloud integration, which really gives us a net new market to address.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: As I've said, as part of our transformation efforts we have continued to leverage the supply chain, the industry supply chain, to build technology for us. If you look at the recent A700s flash-optimized, NVMe fabric ready architecture, it was sourced by – off the – an ODM model, right? So we are expanding the range of usage of off the line platforms across the range of our business, both in SolidFire as well as in our traditional FAS business.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We've had also been running promotions to get our customer base transitioned from 7-Mode to Clustered ONTAP. As we announced this quarter, those promotions – we've transitioned 50% of the capacity in our install base to Clustered ONTAP, and so we're seriously evaluating whether we need to continue those promotions.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think in both of those cases, our perspective is the long-term winner, as we have demonstrated in the all-flash array market, is the one that can take an architecture and serve the mainstream customer segment. There have been lots of companies that have gone after the early-adopter segment with a subset of the features that enterprise customers really want and have failed in the long run. And so, first to market doesn't necessarily mean the big winner, right? I think what we are trying to do with the hyper-converged segment is the same track record that we've demonstrated with the all-flash array segment, which is customers want mature enterprise data management features. They want performance consistency and scalability, so that they don't have to have operationally a siloed environment. And hybrid cloud is really the architecture of the data center going forward, and they want true hybrid cloud integration. And so, we think that by offering those capabilities to customers, we will redefine the hyper-converged market just like we did to the all-flash array market.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: The transformation of NetApp is yielding solid results with the return to top line growth and increasing profitability. We're expanding our opportunity by addressing an increasing range of strategic customer use cases. We've completely refreshed our portfolio of hybrid and all-flash arrays, delivered an industry-leading storage efficiency guarantee to the market, expanding our cloud-based services, and soon we will introduce a next-generation Hyper converged solution. All of this underpins our growing confidence in the future. We hope to see you in April at our investor event where we will talk more about the evolution of NetApp to lead in the next era of IT. Thank you.
Ronald J. Pasek: So, Mark, I think what we've tried to intimate is on the services side there is – that's what represents quite a bit of our transformation efforts. It's not just OpEx. So we've done a lot of work to increase the margins on the services business. On the product side what I mentioned, quarter to quarter the only unexpected variance was E&O [excess and obsolete] due to a faster than anticipated product transition. As we move to Q4, in the guide, there's a little bit of headwind for a flash COGS increase.
Ronald J. Pasek: I'm going to save that answer for our April 5 investor meeting. I'll give you quite a better view of next year and probably a little longer term. It's not something I feel comfortable guiding with right now.
Ronald J. Pasek: Katy, you should think of transformation as not an event; it's something we're going to do ongoing. And we'll talk about that more on the April 5 meeting.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah. Let me take the second question first. So, first of all, our install base and our FAS install base continues to grow. We need to exclude PS and training. Maintenance is only down 1% year-over-year and 1% quarter-over-quarter. We are starting to see some ASP declines that we're passing on, basically better pricing, as a result of our transformation savings. Coupled with that, we are seeing asset lives extend to five years and beyond which explains the growth in deferred revenue and more specifically long-term deferred revenue. And as product revenue continues to grow, this will lead to service revenues growing again. With respect to OpEx, if you impute the guide I gave for Q4, there is some seasonality upward. And, again, I'm not going to guide next year, but we still have work to do on our cost structure. So I'll just leave it at that.
Ronald J. Pasek: There were a lot of different pieces. The combination of variable comp and FX is only half of the variance. There's a ton of other little things that added up. I would just say that, you're right, year-to-date, we're consistently under spending. I think that points to the culture we're changing around OpEx management and transformation.
Ronald J. Pasek: It's the number of systems under contract. Two years ago – I still think we have more systems under contract than even two years. It's probably at an all-time high right now. In fact, it is.
Ronald J. Pasek: And from what we can tell, obviously, this is somewhat an estimate, supply will be tight for the rest of the summer, probably should ease later in the calendar year is what we're thinking. And prices should come back a little bit better later in the calendar year as well.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah. So in the guide for Q4, I'd say, there's probably a headwind of about a half a point in total gross margin erosion. About seven ticks is SSD COGS increase to some extent. I think if you look at our history of gross margin, it has vacillated over the years. I think it's something we do need to focus on. And the good news is we've offset that with a lot of the increase in the service margins.
Ronald J. Pasek: So with respect to NAND, we've secured supply for the remainder of this calendar year, at which point I don't think this is going to be an issue anymore from a supply standpoint.
Ronald J. Pasek: So we did make one adjustment to historical strategic for one product that we had accounted for incorrectly. We're experimenting with what's called Express Packs, and that didn't get counted in strategic in the past three (41:08) quarters. So we made one adjustment.
Ronald J. Pasek: There's a slight increase in SolidFire amortization for new developed technologies. It's pretty small.
Ronald J. Pasek: You shouldn't think of a different margin profile between strategic and mature. They're relatively the same. And I think that's also true with flash, hybrid and traditional spinning disk.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah, mostly. I mean, I've talked about this before. It's mostly discounting. That's what most of the margin erosion is from.
Ronald J. Pasek: I'd like to think so. Again, what I've said before is, we still want to be competitive. So we're trying to do that in a balanced way, and it's hard to know. I wouldn't want them to go any lower. But, again, we've got to be competitive.
Ronald J. Pasek: They're in response to competitive, especially the promotions. And one of them was unique to us, which George mentioned; and some of the other ones are in response to competitive.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah. And, again, we'll talk more about this when I give the outlook for next year in April, but that would be the thinking.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah. The goal we established was last year, and we said from Q3 2016 to this going out rate of Q4 2017 we'd save a gross $400 million. And then, after some strategic investments, which includes SolidFire, it'd be a net of $130 million. If you impute my guide for OpEx, you can almost get there on an annualized rate between Q3 OpEx of 2016 annualized and the guide I gave for Q4. You can almost get to the whole $130 million. And when you add the savings associated with the services work we've done, you can more than get there. We haven't guided anything beyond that at this point. But, as I said, transformation will still exist as we go forward.
