Mike Berry: Hey, Kate. It's Mike. Thanks for the question. I will take the first one and George will jump in on the second one. So, we would expect the same seasonality we discussed last time a little bit more in Q2 and in Q4 on a sequential basis. That's really driven by our, as you know, our bi-annual sales plan that we have now, so yes, correct. We would expect sequential to be a little bit higher in Q2.
Mike Berry: Sorry, if you -- it's Mike. If you look at the revenue growth it was a 155% year-over-year growth. If you exclude the acquisitions, then we're still very strong at about 138%. So super strong.
Mike Berry: No, as George talked about, it's obviously very fluid. I would just give another shout-out to not only our team but obviously our partners as well for all the work that goes on, they had a really good quarter and we expect them to continue to perform and help us get through this as everybody in the industry faces.
Mike Berry: And then on the gross margin, questions are great questions. If you remember back in September Amit we talked about, there are really 4 things that we think will drive increased gross margins in the public cloud business. And it was revenue scale and we've certainly exceeded our expectations. There's increased hardware utilization.  The team's doing a wonderful job making sure as we deploy that hardware that we drive utilization. Remember as well ONTAP drives everything here at NetApp on-prem, as well as in the cloud, and we continue to see great improvements there. And the one that I think is underappreciated is more software. Keep in mind that of the 4 major products in that portfolio Cloud Volumes Services, Cloud Volumes ONTAP, Cloud Insights, and Spot, only services is – call it hardware dependent. The other three are all software Cloud offerings, and they've grown all very nicely, which has helped us get to where we are from a margin perspective. Thanks for that. And then, hey, Jason, just so I can sleep at night. I gave you 138, -- it was 135, still a very good number on the organic revenue growth if you exclude all acquisitions. Thank you for that question.
Mike Berry: Sure, Rob, its Mike, so I think there were two things that really drove that performance. And the first one was the large majority of which was to grow and All-Flash. And that going from, I believe it was 11% year-over-year growth last year to 23.  And you know, that comes with much better margins, more software rich, mix matters as well in that business as we've talked about in the past. The other thing that helps the percentage as well as pay -- as you know, we de-prioritized things like HCI last year. Those come in at lower margin percentages. So, you add those 2 together and that's really what drove the higher gross -- product gross margin number.
Mike Berry: Sure. Love cash flow questions, happy to answer those any time. In Q1, if you look at the balance, you see that accrued expenses were done significantly and that that's when a lot of variable pay gets paid in Q1.  In Q2, cash flows are largely going to follow billings growth from an aggregate perspective. Q1 from a total dollar’s perspective is our lowest billings. That then flows into lower collections in Q2 as well. That's -- the other big mover there is cash taxes, and I highlighted that. Keep in mind, we'll pay about 40 million in state and federal taxes on the Sunnyvale campus.  Then in the second half, as we build billings, that's when collections go up. Every [Indiscernible] has largely relatively similar. The big movers are seasonality of collections, variable pay timing, and then cash taxes.
Mike Berry: That, yeah -- and keep in mind that it helped cash balances, it didn't go into operating cash flow of [Indiscernible], right.
Mike Berry: I think we see, as I cited my prepared remarks, solid steady demand across all the geos. I think all of our geographies have executed extremely well to capture that demand. I feel very good about the differentiation in our offerings, both on-premises as well as in the public cloud that gives us a chance to drive value conversations with customers.  Our public cloud services clearly help our on-premises hybrid cloud business because customers see us as the only storage vendor with a cloud already operating system and that's for them to get to the public cloud. And the combination of those two is allowing us to bring on new customers and to be able to maintain and differentiated value proposition in the market. Very good execution by the team against steady solid demand across all geographies.
Mike Berry: I appreciate it, it's Mike. So, a couple of things as it relates to OpEx, keep in mind that the two largest operating expense lines, sales and marketing, and R&D, there's a lot of shared resources across there. Let's do R&D first, we've talked about it. We get a lot of efficiencies from the ONTAP group in terms of the work they do, both on-prem and in the cloud.  We would expect to continue that where they're focused on both of those, and we get a lot of efficiencies there. Clearly, most of the growth in that line has been focused around Cloud, and it probably still will be. That doesn't -- and that excludes any acquisitions that could certainly play into that as well.  And then from a sales and marketing perspective, we've now had at where our core sales team is selling both. And so that will continue to be a focus, but we will also add like our customer success team that we've talked about that's largely focused on the cloud business in terms of expansion and upsell and cross-sell to that team.  I think over time you'll continue to see that investment there from a cash flow perspective, I think that probably largely follows where operating income would if you're down to free cash flow, you get a little bit of difference in.  From the hardware. But we've also talked about the next couple of years will continue to see good, better hardware, especially as it relates to Azure. But over the next couple of years that will flatten out.  It's much more of a -- hey, we're adding in a certain location versus [Indiscernible] it. Once you get to almost 100% then it's more of a replacement motion. So those are the puts-and-takes around OpEx and cash flow for those 2 segments.
Mike Berry: Hey, Jim, it's Mike. It was largely related to volumes. We haven't seen much of a change in external pricing for -- as we've talked about competitive environment has always been competitive, but relatively similar.  So, it's largely going to move with volumes. We saw, we didn't see much of a mixing shaft. We've talked about that in previous quarters, so it was all relatively consistent, mostly driven by buoyancy.
Mike Berry: So, thanks for the question Wamsi. So, as we've talked about, look, it's such a small piece of the business. We're not going to talk about ELAs, here's what I would point you to, and I've said it every quarter.  If you look at the financial results, specifically the amount of software and hardware revenue, you can see that in Q1 software increase, but sorted hardware, they've basically moved in lockstep the last four quarters. And if anything, if there are any large transactions that are different than our current mix, you will see it in the numbers.
Mike Berry: Yeah. Hey Simon, it's Mike. I'll take that one. When we look at the public cloud business, certainly it is much -- it's -- it is similar to some of the hybrid cloud dynamics, I will talk about that in a second. There are certainly new transactions that we forecast, not only coming in from the hyperscalers.  But from our sales team as well, we got pipeline reports, we see what that looks like. So, we're able to forecast that more and more, it's also renewal rates, being able to forecast renewals and then really the big driver of all cloud software businesses up-sell, cross-sell. That's, obviously difficult for you folks to see those details.  But we’ve looked at all of those, certainly sales capacity as part of that on the hybrid cloud business. Keep in mind, I think it's now $2.3 billion of support revenue every year. That's much more of a renewal rate. We do look at cross-selling, upsell, and we also look at where we are in terms of pipelines and conversion rates and a big piece for us is obviously, do we have enough sales capacity?  So, I know we get a lot of questions about a net absolute go quarter-on-quarter sequentially. I would just encourage you when you look at that sequential, keep in mind, hey, the last couple of years. Have been very different than the last 10.  And it makes it -- I understand it makes it a little bit difficult, but hopefully, when we get through this COVID environment and it gets back to normal, those are more relevant, I think now it's very difficult to use those sequential growths to try to forecast the business.
Mike Berry: Okay. Yeah. I think the best way that I would encourage you to look at that is here's the great thing about the Cloud businesses. There is a lot of good comps out there that we look at all the time. And as we look at businesses that call it 250 million in ARR, as they grow to a billion.  There, you'd see not only a slight uptick in gross margin, but then obviously you see the dynamics of operating income. So, I would encourage you to take a look at some of those comparisons. We look at that a lot in terms of benchmarking our business largely went ends up happening is they turn cash-flow positive before they turn operating income because of again, the way they recognize revenue ratable.  So, I would encourage you to. We'll take a look at those and there's really no reason to believe, as we said today, that we wouldn't follow that comparable group as we march to $1 billion in ARR.
Mike Berry: Yes. So, 33% increase in the software portion of product revenue. It's driven for the earlier question really by two things. One is the really nice growth in all-flash, but also less growth in HCI in some of the products that have less software and more hardware.  And I would expect if going forward, if we're talking about growth in product revenue, given the continued mix shift towards All-Flash, you should expect to see software -- the software portion grow faster than the total product portion.
Mike Berry: We're not going to guide to that other than to say it should grow faster than the total product number.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the second question, you had Katy with a mix of offerings, we feel really good about Spot by NetApp, and the work that we're doing with the hyperscalers, both especially Microsoft and Google were strong in the quarter. I think the seasonality reflected in, as we had said, reflected in the offerings that were sold by NetApp they grew nicely, but not as much as the hyperscalers than Spot did.
George Kurian: And so, I think that we have never signaled of V-shaped snapback or anything like that. Our belief has been that other than a small number of customers who were directly impacted by COVID, the vast majority of the customers that we've worked with had a steady demand pattern for several quarters now, certainly, we are seeing strengthening in demand as the economies reopen.  But this is a reflection of more long-term trends, transformational work that customers are doing to digitize or hybridize their business, the work that they're doing to build cloud environments, and so on.  So, I don't think that we see this as a pent-up demand kind of model. I think with regard to the sustainability of our business, we feel really good about product revenue. We -- as we said, we think that we can sustain product revenue growth each of the quarters of this year.  And particularly our Flash segment is very, very strong. And so, we see really good momentum there. And no reason to feel anything but real good confidence about where we are. Listen, we just finished a phenomenal quarter. In Q1, we grew our all-flash business by 23% overall product revenue by 16%, and cloud by 155% year-on-year.  We raised our fiscal year to 8% to 9% growth and anticipate delivering close to $5 in earnings per share. These are all record numbers, operating margins full year, and earnings per share for the Company. I feel very, very good about where we are.
George Kurian: With regard to our confidence in the cloud business, I think we feel very, very good about the portfolio that we have. It serves a broader and broader range of used cases, both traditional applications, as well as net-new applications. Second, we are adding a lot of customers, both through NetApp pathways and particularly the hyperscaler pathways.  Third, once a customer joins our platform, as you can see from our dollar-based net retention rate, they expand quite substantially with NetApp. They like the portfolio when they do a lot more with us. I think those three key fundamentals of the business drive my confidence in being able to take up the bottom of the range to this early in the year.
George Kurian: I think hybrid arrays as we have consistently said, have a place in customer environments. There are a set of use cases we have consistently maintained that a hybrid array has a better solution to offer than an all-flash array.  And so, we continue to see an opportunity for hybrid arrays to have a go-forward, enduring place. And customer’s environments are hybrid array business is a strong business. We have a differentiated value proposition in hybrid, just like we do in all-flash.
George Kurian: I think we are in the early innings of enterprise use of Cloud for [Indiscernible] mission-critical, business-critical application. I think we see that over the next few years, as businesses deploy more of their core operations on public clouds.  The opportunities we have around compute, automation, and management through Spot storage and data protection and management through Cloud Volumes, and monitoring through Cloud Insights will be a very, very strong business.  And all of the hyperscaler partners that we work with see it much the same way, which is why they're building more and more capabilities with us. We also see a new growth engine in the public cloud segment.  You, all the cloud-native work we're doing around containers and some are less. So, Spot Ocean be mentioned, is the same value proposition that spot brings for enterprise applications to containerized applications. That is seeing very strong adoption.  We've worked with some of the hyperscalers around Astra Control, and we're starting to see that get to wrap, especially with new cloud-native Kubernetes applications. And then we have started work on Cloud Insights for Kubernetes to bring monitoring and management. I feel very good about the portfolio. There's a lot of organic innovation and Spot has proven to be a really stellar acquisition for the Company.
George Kurian: I think with regard to where we see strength, I mean, this was a really balanced quarter across all the geographies. You can look at our results in the Americas, you look at the results in Europe and in Asia-Pacific, we grew in all the major geographies very, very nicely.  So, I feel very good about that. With regard to the direct versus indirect, I think it's a reflection of some of our largest customers who continue to buy direct, being a strong contributor to some of our all-flash array growth tried so I think that's sort of the puts and takes.  I wouldn't read anything into the specific quarter-on-quarter trends in the channel, like [Indiscernible] seek good opportunities to grow our business across both direct and indirect channels.
George Kurian: We have seen a steady consistent demand for our offerings and our capabilities for several quarters now. I want to just remind us that we had a strong year last year, particularly the second half of last year. And so, we continue to see that the overall demand environment is brightening steadily.  We have said from many quarters, we saw the U.S. and China leading the recovery. Europe a few months, 6 to 12 months behind that. And then the developing economies, maybe another 6 to 12 months beyond that, we continue to hold that perspective with the benefit of several quarters of experience.  And so, I feel very good. I think that we have customers who are seeing a better economic environment, starting to build confidence in spending on technology. I think within that segment, hybrid cloud, digital transformation initiatives are well-positioned and NetApp is well-positioned to go after that.
George Kurian: Listen, I think as Mike and I said in prepared remarks, the component supply chain is a dynamic and slowing supply chain. It is well understood in the industry. Our team has done an excellent job managing through that. We have good deep relationships with suppliers and long-term commitments with many of them.  I think as Mike and I have suggested, we will continue to use cash to buy ahead of what we need so that we can maintain supply availability. You think that's a good use of cash in the current environment. And I think that having a single operating system that drives the vast majority of our business allows us to qualify and adapt to the environment that we're in.  I want to thank our supply chain teams for continued execution and our engineering team and our partners for working with us. And I think our Sales teams have done a really good job managing through the environment to capture the value that we should for our products.
George Kurian: It's 29%, so it's up another percent. As we have said, consistently, our installed base continues to grow as we acquire new customers and new workloads. And Flash is penetrating that installed base and incremental 1% to 2% at a time, right?  So, a long runway ahead on that installed base. With regard to the competitive environment, again, we don't see any sort of substantive changes. I think we have a really good offering in the market.  I think we believe we have taken a share in the environment and we're going to continue to stay focused on winning not only 30, so workloads, but also new types of workloads like Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Data lakes, and others with our all-flash portfolio.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the work that we're doing in the public cloud, as Mike has mentioned, and I've said before, the vast majority of our solutions are software-based. And we scale that software out using clustering so that it can go faster by going wider to more computing demand.  With regard to certain traditional applications that are more scale-up applications like an [Indiscernible] or something like that that requires a scale-up platform to support it, that's where we used hardware. And I think the software that we have can be run on generic hardware for the broad range of used cases, or our proprietary, our own hardware, for the narrow, really specific application in this case.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. In closing, we delivered a great start to FY '22. And now very well positioned for continued growth throughout the year. Cloud and digital transformation initiatives. The remaining top customer priorities. And we continue to benefit from these sizable long-term trends.  Our hybrid cloud and public cloud offerings put NetApp in a unique position to address our customers' most pressing challenges. Our cloud and software intellectual property truly differentiate us. As a result, I'm more confident than ever in our ability to deliver long-term value to our shareholders, customers, and partners. Thanks for joining us.
