George Kurian: We announced a program to reduce the cost structure of the company permanently as part of our Q3 fiscal year '16 earnings call; and we're making substantial progress against that. We took an action as you can recall in Q4 of fiscal '16 to accelerate the pace of transformation and we've taken a second action in November in alignment with the prior transformation efforts. We took these actions in two steps, to allow the business to make the structural changes necessary so that we can sustain the cost savings going forward. At this point we have accomplished a substantial portion of the cost savings activity and we think we can accomplish the remainder of the savings through the ongoing course of our business operations.
George Kurian: Del and EMC continue to be a formidable competitor and we compete with them in the broadest range as both customer and the reseller opportunities as I communicated on the call we are taking core customers from EMC, but because of the strength of our technology both in solid-state as well as next generation datacenters and increasingly because of the relationships that we have with the hyper scale cloud providers. We continue to compete, they continue to compete aggressively, there are a formidable competitors and we need stay focus but we do feel that in this transaction of this combination we do see opportunities both in terms of the recruiting new channel partners as well as willing customer footprints that are net new to NetApp.
George Kurian: First of all the market as we've said before has transitioned from an early adopter market to a mainstream replacement of performance drives with solid state arrays. In that transition customers are looking for consistency in their business processes, risk management, as well as the maturity of the technology solutions and our solid-state portfolio we feel is the best positioned in the market without question. Because we combine state of art technology efficiency and scale out architectures with the world's best data management features for enterprise datacenters with all flash FAS and for web scale datacenters with SolidFire. We have gained share in solid-state and we continue to feel confident about our prospects going forward.
George Kurian: I think there are lots of elevations to come in the solid-state storage market the two that you referenced are certainly things that we have in our technology portfolio and we will as I said make those offerings available with when they are mature and ready for mainstream customers just like we have done with All-Flash storage solutions. There is a long roadmap of success ahead on 3D NAND technology, then there is evolutions to that. And what I’ll tell you is that even with with 3D XPoint and NDME, the same values that we have brought to some enterprise all flash array market will continue to have value for customers. Proven software, mature enterprise systems technology and the track record and experience of large successful storage and data Management Company.
George Kurian: It's difficult to tell, the environment changes constantly. I would like to think it's bottom, that would be good. We are doing some work to improve product gross margin, it will take some time for that to pay off. But at this point I think, I would like to think it is the bottom.
George Kurian: So just to set context, the mature bucket includes the OEM business both E and N-series, the ONTAP 7 mode business and the add-on storage components of the mature buckets, we see that the predominant declines are behind us and we’re reaching a point where the forward looking declines should be less material than they have been in the past. As you can see even this past quarter, the rate of decline sequentially continues to moderate relative to what we saw in '16. Add-on storage which is a large percentage of the mature bucket is not going to decline at anything like the rates of 7 mode or OEM and so we feel that going forward we should see some degree of stability in the mature business.
George Kurian: Yes, so Mark, I think part of the challenger last year was Q2 was our single highest quarter. So it's really difficult compare. So you saw -- last quarter we actually had product revenue roughly flat and we guided for Q2, we knew that it would be a difficult compare, we knew it was going to be down double digits. If you include the guidance we gave going forward that starts to get better as we move forward to Q3 and Q4.
George Kurian: Okay, let me take the economic environment, as we've said on the call, it remains uncertain macroeconomic environment, I think spending decisions are not materially different than they were in the prior quarter, but you have to compete every opportunity and we've done that through the course of this quarter and we intend to do that successfully through the course of next quarter. I would say that the geographic mix of our business reflects the economic environment across the globe. It's a diverse landscape and we have strengthened some parts of the work where the economic environment is stronger and our executions has been better and it's been mixed in other parts of the world. I'll let Ron talk a little bit about our cash return policy.
George Kurian: [Multiple Speakers] It's a little early for us to comment. We're going to wait to see what the new administration defines to be its policies both on trade and tax and then we'll communicate our plans soon thereafter.
George Kurian: First of all, our relationship with Cisco has been strong, the All-Flash FAS has driven a really strong business together with FlexPod and is allowing us to compete in parts of the data center with FlexPod that we couldn't before. The second is as we said hyper conversions has a value to customers who require rapid time to provisioning or a very simplified configuration for departmental and small office workloads. We have two approaches to compete with hyper converged solutions, one is a set of innovations that we brought to the FlexPod family called FlexPod Automation and the second is with SolidFire which provides a zero touch storage provisioning solutions. The release of SolidFire that we introduced in the summer of this year called Fluorine allows us to compete very well with Hyper converge solutions and VMware environments and we have been seeing wins. So we realize there is value to customers from Hyper converged offerings and we have solutions to respond to those customer needs. 
George Kurian: We were taking a broader range. We look back and there are quarters where we were up sequentially, probably not as high as what you are quoting on product revenue, but we wanted to give a wide berth both ways and it's just really being conservative. You saw in Q2, we gave that same for rest of the 150 million we hit it spot on so. I think there -- it is a difficult environment its unpredictable and we’ll try to make sure we’re in the range somewhere close to that point.
George Kurian: Difficult to tell as different customers in different markets, in different geographies. Certainly sometime certain customers have December as their yearend not all customers obviously and then as we said our quarter ends in January.
George Kurian: I think in aggregate Simona what we are doing in that to address gross margins is both continued to drive transformation into our services business which has allowed us to improve the gross margins of that business over the last few quarters. And on the product side being delivered about the use of promotions as well as improving the pricing and discounting approaches in our transactions. So we will -- we’re generally focused in gross margin in aggregate and we have enough leverage to keep the gross margin within the ranges that we shared with you. In terms of the hyper scale question, what I was referring to was the fact that we are building hybrid IT solutions that combined on premises data centers with the data enter and IT architectures of the hyper scale providers. This includes solutions like NetApp private storage for secure cloud storage. It includes solutions like the AltaVault solution and it includes the use of our software as part of hyper scale market places. And what they are doing is, while that part of our business is not material, they are allowing us to win on premises transactions because of a compelling forward looking hybrid IT roadmap that customers can buy into.
George Kurian: I would say that in terms of the all flash FAS solutions, all of the all flash FAS solutions are based on clustered ONTAP as an operating system. And so they count towards our aggregate clustered ONTAP numbers, they are a growing percentage of the clustered ONTAP business, not yet the majority. So we have room to go. In terms of the installed base, there are a variety of reasons why customers choose to migrate from 7 mode to clustered ONTAP and flash is certainly an important part of that transition. The fact that we have a very compelling all flash FAS solution is encouraging customers to move in some cases their upgrade schedules up.
George Kurian: ONTAP 9 continues to provide compelling technology for customer of both traditional NetApp customers as well as net new to NetApp customers. The combination of scalable mass containers, volume granular inscription on parallel storage efficiency and performance together with the new platform that we recently announced, all give customers more reason to upgrade from 7 mode to cDOT or for competitors to come to us. So we feel very good about the progress we have made.
George Kurian: We have always said that we -- our plan was to return the company to growth in aggregate in fiscal '18 and that we would -- our plan was to return product revenue to growth in the second half of this year; we're on plans for that and we feel even more confident than we were a few quarters ago both because the mature products are stabilizing in terms of their go forward as well as the strength of our strategic solutions.
George Kurian: I would just say our aggregate execution against the plan and the fact that we've been consistently meeting expectations. So I think that's the real basis for where we are and as I said the mature products are less material a part of our business and the majority of the declines are behind us and the strategic solutions continue to perform well. So, we got to keep our head down and execute the plan. And I would just tell you that's my focus right now.
George Kurian: SolidFire is as we've outlined an important part of the focus and investment for us because it allows our customers to build architectures for their next generation data centers with us that they can't with anyone else. As we laid out at the time of the acquisition of SolidFire, SolidFire would contribute about 2% to our revenue for this year and would offset the OpEx operating margin by roughly 2% and I would tell you that we're on track to those plans. We've been gaining new customers to NetApp using SolidFire, we've been introducing NetApp customers to SolidFire and we're executing according to plan that we laid out. So, this is all about where we are with SolidFire.
George Kurian: Public sectors procurement cycle was according to what we had thought and according to -- was in alignment with plan, we didn't see any unusual activity upward or downward in the public sector market, we have continued to execute well to capture the share of opportunities that are out there and so I would just say it is the budget flush that we saw in public sector was normal.
George Kurian: We would just in aggregate we operate to the gross margin guidance that we have laid out and it's a combination of improvements in service and product gross margins I would say right now what we’re focused on is capturing footprint with our All-Flash-Array's as well as converting customers and facilitating the conversion of customers from 7-Mode to Clustered ONTAP. We’ve said that we have put in place promotions that facilitate both of those objectives that are strategic to the company in the market and we constantly monitor the value of those promotions and their impact in terms of achieving our strategic objectives.  The product innovations that we have made over the last year and a half continue to provide us with a really solid platform for differentiations and so any point in time we reserve the right to continue those promotions or to remove them from the marketplace and we constantly trade off the benefits of those with the benefits to improvements in gross margin.
George Kurian: I would say that in EMEA and APAC they are vastly different geographies with different macroeconomic situations. I think that we have seen strength in certain parts of EMEA and APAC where the economic landscape has stayed relatively benign and we have gained share in those environments. In others where there is more uncertainty, you see that impacting transactions and so we've had to compete to maintain share and we have done a good job doing that. I would say that we're going to wait to see what the economic outlook looks for those companies and we have built a fairly conservative outlook into our guidance. And so we continue to focus on gaining share wherever we can gain share, but do so with an outlook that builds into the forecast that the macroeconomic situation in those countries. Emerging markets is the same which falls into our Americas geography. The preponderant part of the Latin American geographies are in our Americas business.
George Kurian: I think its starts with the customer, it starts with making sure customers understand the value of NetApp technology and I think we’ve made substantial progress there. Analyst commentary customer references the portfolio of products from NetApp and our intense focus on raising our profile in the All-Flash-Array markets, as well as candidly the success and momentum that we’ve demonstrated substantially outpacing the market as well as our peers gives us access to more customer conversations than we’ve ever had before. Some of that also is reaching those customers through new low cost innovative digital marketing channels which our Chief Marketing Officer is an expert that doing. And then the third is enabling the channel so that they focus their attention on NetApp portfolio. I think we’re using all of those levers, and we feel good about the progress, this is an unending -- I would just tell you this is an ongoing game, right. So as I’ve said on my call, we are very pleased with the momentum, but we’re going to keep our heads down and we’ve got more work to do and we’re doing that every single day, staying focus on execution.
George Kurian: There is no difference in the attach rate between a strategic and mature. We are still, as you said, seeing a growth in installed base, although it is a little bit slow. What we have is very, very good growth in obviously the new cDOT products. But as you recognized product revenues for the last couple of quarters have declined, that puts a little pressure on that install base, but it is growing. Deferred is growing significantly year-over-year, there were some seasonal things that happened quarter-to-quarter, remember renewals -- it's must be renewals, and those happened to a large extend in the second half of the year. So that leaves a little bit of a trough in the first half.
George Kurian: I think and just to add to Ron's comments, I think ensuring supply is the combination of both technological as well as commercial relationships with the NAND suppliers and we have excellent relationships with multiple of them. So we feel good about where we're at but it is constrained market.
George Kurian: I wanted to just summarize the comments that I made at the start. I'm pleased with the progress that we've made both in the top line and the strategic portfolio of products that align with our customers priorities as well as with the productivity and efficiency of our business. We are increasingly confident to bring additional innovation to customers, add new customers, working with the hyperscale ecosystem that drives the next generation of IT as well as transforming to be a more agile, focused and faster moving company. We have achieved an enormous amount of progress and I want to thank the NetApp team and are closer to returning the company to growth than we have been in a longtime. We have more work to do to bring excellence to all facets of our business and we're going to stay focused and deliver yet another quarter of meeting our commitments to our shareholders. Thank you and we'll see you on the next call.
Ron Pasek: There's couple of things being discussed. We would prefer fundamental corporate tax reform as opposed to one-time holiday. We'll wait and see what that looks like and decide what the best return policy is based on that. And I think doing a holiday is beneficial and it might be advantage to take -- for us to take advantage of that, but to fix the permanent disadvantages U.S. companies have in the world will require a fundamental corporate tax reform.
Ron Pasek: Look, Simona. I think if you look, we do have -- tender to have a seasonal bump up in product gross margin from Q1 to Q2. You can call it customer mix if you’d like, so that's what, what you saw to a largest that, but part of that will continue in Q3, but not to the same extent also in Q3 what we have is higher products revenue which puts a little pressure on the overall margin rate.
Ron Pasek: Just to be little clear, on the services side is where are you seen most of the improvements we've made that will be a transformation. So that to some extent helps with the gross margin overall in the last couple of quarters.
Ron Pasek: We are able to secure what we need for NAND, it is a tight supply. No one is signing long term contracts right now. So I think we’re able to get what we need and prices are tight.
