George Kurian: Hi, Andy, yes, that is our plan and you’re seeing in FY 2019, we’re going to do well above that. And yes, our long-term guidance is still at the mid single digits on the top line absolutely.
George Kurian: Our largest customers are the ones that we serve through a direct pathway. The broad range of customers are served through a channel model. The largest customers are the one that are most affected by some of the uncertainty, both economic and political uncertainty around the globe and we saw incremental caution in their buying behavior in January.
George Kurian: No, there’s nothing to do with that. Nothing at all. It’s just – as we said, when we first started talking about ELAs, they tend to be difficult to predict and lumpy. And there weren’t any we had in the quarter or anticipated to have.
George Kurian: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, I mean, if you look at the last eight quarters, we’ve grown product margins each of the last eight quarter year-over-year, and our intent is still to do that. The target we gave you was 55% to 56% and we still plan to do that. The bridge from Q2 to Q3 on the product side, remember, this is a always a seasonal thing happens with the public sector quarter being Q2, and then typically we have a fall off in that business. So that’s very traditional we saw that each of the last five years. So we had some of that seasonality affects over the headwind and then we had no ELAs in the quarter. We had them the last quarter, and then that’s offset with some benefit from NAND pricing.
George Kurian: We think that over time, as NAND prices continue to decline that customers will shift the mix of their business from disk-based systems to flash-based systems. We saw good acceleration in our flash system counts through the course of the quarter. We saw some incremental caution in terms of how much capacity customers were buying, which could be correlated to buying or today’s needs as apposed to building out for their entire future requirement. So we saw a little bit of that. It – it’s reflective a bit to the macro environment. We believe that as NAND prices continue to move favorably, it gives us an opportunity. We are well positioned in the flash market. We have strong differentiation with software, which has allowed us to preserve and even grow gross margins. And if you look at the ASPs of a flash-based system as opposed to a disk-based system, they are actually higher. So we think that’s a good trend for us to capitalize on.
George Kurian: I would say that, we felt very good about where we were within the quarter sort of heading into the Christmas holiday, and things changed materially through the last week of December and really January. I think that we did not see any change in the competitive dynamic win rates or any of those aspects. We just saw an increased amount of scrutiny in terms of spending within our customers them requiring more approvals and just buying for today as opposed to buying the full scope of what we plan to buy with us. I think that with regard to some of our largest customers, the global customers that are exposed to geographies around the world, as well as to public sector, there will be time before they come back to their normal course of spending, right? Some of that is related to sort of clarity on how their business is impacted, and some of that like in public sector is, it takes time to get the work force back into normal operating cadence, which is reflective of our caution in Q4
George Kurian: And we’re seeing that. If you look at system counts and capacity counts through the course of this fiscal year, they have been both up quite substantially. I think what we noted this quarter, especially in January was a little bit of a step back in caution around capacity. System counts continue to be really good.
George Kurian: I think it’s too early to draw broad conclusions. I would say that January represents the new budget cycle for a lot of our customers. And as they get their planning in place, I think they took a little bit longer this year than typical because of the certainty. I think we saw the transformational projects that have multi-quarter implementations continue apace. I think in the next new projects, I think, people were probably a little bit more cautious, waiting for clarity in terms of how their business rolled out. I would say, in terms of our book of business, all of the strategic areas of focus for us all-flash arrays, private cloud and our cloud data services, we feel good about our progress across all of those dimensions. there it really reflects the strategic aspect of our discussion with customers and we feel good about the progress in all of those dimensions.
George Kurian: We are in the foundational year of our cloud data services business. I would say, we are a bit behind where we expected to be in terms of the operational readiness of our service offerings with our cloud providers. We are, as we said, generally available with AWS. We are in controlled pilot production projects with both Azure and Google, and we expect them to be available eminently. I would say that we are probably 0.5 basis point towards below where we guided for the full-year revenue, but we are excited that the results that we’re seeing. It confirms all of our expectations in terms of differentiation. We have broadened the range of use cases and workloads that we serve. And so as soon as we get to generally available with these cloud providers, we feel very good about our ability to inflect the business and return the accelerate that. In terms of our long-term model for cloud data services, we’re not backing off the projections we had. As Ron mentioned, we feel confident about our long-term model for the whole business, as well as for our cloud data services.
George Kurian: I would say that one of the areas that we talked about as having some decisions pushed out was in U.S. public sector, where we said in Q2, some decisions pushed out. We saw the recapture of preponderant majority of those decisions in Q3, and we were able to move those projects forward. With regard to the broader macro, I don’t think there were any specific industry trends that we noticed. I think that clearly, those industries with specific exposure to China and public sector were incrementally more cautious. But I think there weren’t any other specific trends that we could draw out. With regard to the U.S. public sector, as we said earlier on the call, we think that it will take sometime for the government to get back to full fledged operations. And so we don’t have perfect visibility into how projects shape out through the course of the coming quarter, so we’re being incrementally cautious there.
George Kurian: I think, let me take the 10-K RPM drive question. I think there’s still work to be done to get a viable solution to replace some of the capacity points that 10-K drives were focused on. If you notice, the majority of the 10-K drives that are still being deployed are actually lower capacity points than some of the TLC NAND solutions that are available in the market at comparable effective dollar per gigabyte price points. So, you can see some customers that say, listen, “I want to strategically move to all-flash for its benefits that increasingly start to look at that as an option. But I think for the full transformation to happen, you will need quad layer cell or the next sort of capacity price point in the NAND cycle, and we’re working on that, but it will take sometime.
George Kurian: In terms of just to underscore that point, we have made all of these bets into the new parts of the market, private cloud, all-flash arrays, cloud data services and new pathways to market, while simultaneously improving operating margins to a record. This quarter, operating margins the highest – being the highest in the company’s history, right? So we will continue to stay disciplined on the operating expense side of the business, but we’re not going to forego strategic opportunities for short-term gain. I think we have maintained discipline and you’ll see us continue to invest into the future opportunities, while being prudent about overall spend.
George Kurian: Our overall private cloud business, meaning, SolidFire deployed standalone or as part of a hyper-converged model. For large customers, they deploy standalone for smaller and mid-market customers they deployed as hyper-converged, as well as object storage, which are deploying for cloud native applications in a private cloud form or a substantial contributor to NetApp’s revenue this quarter. I’m not prepared at this point to break it out. But I can tell you that, they performed in a really good pattern across customer accounts, revenue contribution, units, you name it, we guide it. And we think that as we look forward to fiscal 2020, it gives us a really strong second leg foundation to our growth, right? So we’re already a leader in the al-flash array market. We are seeing accelerating and materially accelerating momentum in the private cloud game. So stay tuned. We’ll tell you more as we headed to fiscal 2020.
George Kurian: We did not see any change in the competitive dynamic through the quarter. I would say that when you look at our all-flash array business, it is expanding wallet that we used to not have within our traditional enterprise customers, as well as through our cloud solutions, both private cloud and certainly public cloud solutions, we are expanding to net new customers. I’ll simply give you some data, which says that, of all of our cloud customers that we are engaged with either through the hyperscalers or through our own cloud software offerings, two-thirds of them are net new to NetApp. So they’re opening up new relationships and new logos for us to acquire. So we did not see any fundamental change within the competitive landscape. We think that as the market transitions from disk base to flash-based systems, given that we are a leader in all-flash with a substantially higher market share percentage than we are in disk, there are a lot of weak large players in disk-based systems that we will take share from: IBM, Hitachi, Fujitsu, Oracle, HP, there’s a lot of them. And even Dell has a challenged mid-range portfolio and IM portfolio. So we feel good about our opportunities. We’ve got to execute to capture them.
George Kurian: We did not – I can’t comment on what Cisco saw or not, so I would leave that to Chuck to comment. I think with regard to our business, what I can tell you is, we maintain discounting through the end of the quarter. So it’s not a matter of hey, if you offered a lower price, customers would step forward and transact. I would tell you based on being involved deeply in many of these transactions, we saw an increased level of scrutiny on transactions, where you would have to get more purchasing approvals or provide for greater explanation of ROI or business case or things like that. And so I would just tell you that, if it were as easy as providing a discount to deal with forward price NAND contract, we have the vehicles to do that and we would have applied those.
George Kurian: We continue to see really good uptake of our cloud volume software through AWS. And so I’m sure he has his own offerings, but that hasn’t had any impact on NetApp.
George Kurian: It was really good execution by European team. We are the leader in all-flash arrays. In many parts of the European market, we have deep strategic relationship with customers. There is volatility in the European political landscape. We did see some GDP changes. We’re being cautious about the overall environment, but I just want to say that our team executed well and stayed in control of the business till the end.
George Kurian: It’s too early to comment about the success of the partnership. We are in the market. We are seeing wins that are additive to the NetApp footprint. It’s too early for me to categorize them in terms of size or color except that, listen, this is additive to NetApp. I think with regard to China, it gives us a pathway into that market that is isolated from some of the trade tensions. The NetApp team finished the – their – the NetApp quarter well and executed well, and I want to thank them for that. And we’re looking forward to the joint venture getting off the ground soon enough, and we’ll keep you posted as the news of that and the operational readiness comes online. So we feel like, the China approach that we have is positioned well to endorse all of the challenges that might exist between the geopolitical – in the geopolitical relationship, and it allows us to focus from a branded channel perspective on the rest of the world, while Lenovo helps us with their enormous resources in China. Stay tuned.
George Kurian: We don’t – the three major hyperscalers, meaning, Amazon, Google and Microsoft, do not buy hardware from us. They work with us where we deliver a service through their data centers to customers. So they’re more like a partner. We saw no evidence of them backing off. In fact, the range of used cases and the deployments that we have with them are widening rather than narrowing. What – there are other cloud service providers who we sell to and sort of not the superjumbo hyperscalers. And across them, there was a variety of puts and takes. I think many of them are being careful to prioritize the investments around their best opportunities, for example, 5G wireless, right. So I would just say, they’re going through one of these evaluation of priorities process and so we did see some changes in that mix.
George Kurian: Yes, we are pleased by the growth of the used cases that we are deploying in the edge. So we have software-defined solution that are part of ruggedized environments that are deployed at the edge in industrial and public sector use cases. We saw good traction. We saw good traction with our objects storage portfolio, providing a private cloud for certain advanced telemetry use cases in autonomous driving. We saw good adoption early, but still good adoption of some of our AI solutions to crunch the data that it generated at the edge and brought back to the core. So we remain optimistic that our solution portfolio is good and differentiated. And the number of growth engines we have, as the macro stabilizes, is certainly broadening from even a year ago.
George Kurian: I think it’s a place that we continue to work to improve our capabilities, right? I’d say that over the last year-and-a-half, two years, we’ve opened up new pathways to market, for example, with Lenovo into parts of the world that we have historically not had a lot of footprint with the hyperscalers into the top of the accounts, where big digital transformation projects are and have expanded the total addressable market as a result of solutions like our private cloud solution. We have continued to optimize our sales coverage model. So that we can align resources to go after net new accounts and net new workloads. And we believe there’s substantial total available market for us to go address. And so this is an area where we have to improve and we’re going to continue to try to do so every quarter.
George Kurian: The installed base is a very, very large number of systems. And so what – as we are growing our flash systems, we are also simultaneously growing our installed base, right? So, both numerator and denominator are growing. The things that will help capitalize the movement are really consolidation and economic projects to improve that installed base. As flash gets cheaper, it certainly makes it a more viable prospect to help customers upgrade their installed base, as some of these next-generation data center projects get underway and our customers there has opportunity to certainly improve that conversion. But it will take time just given the magnitude of that installed base.
George Kurian: I don’t have any forecast at this point. I do think, it will follow the trend of our flash opportunity. And we’re mindful of the fact that they are installed base is an opportunity.
George Kurian: We have roughly 80% of our business fulfilled through the channel, and that’s the number that we break out in the categorization of our financial metrics. That number has stayed relatively stable for a very long period of time, and we don’t foresee a substantial mix shift this coming quarter or next year, right? I think within that channel number, there are a set of customers that the channel fulfills for large customers and others for small. The small medium customer segment performed better this past quarter. We continue to believe they are a growth opportunity for us given our share in that market. We are more cautious about the large customers who have global businesses.
George Kurian: Well, we’ve got really good longstanding relationships with them. We are performing deep technical integration of our technology into their service delivery platform and we’re going through tests to get certification, right? So we are going to be imminently available and we look forward to that. We are excited that the production pilots that we have going on with their customers. So, stay tuned. I think we have an expanding range of opportunities through those could providers.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. Despite the near-term demand headwinds, cleared by the uncertain macro, we were able to beat on gross margin, operating margin and EPS. We continue our strong discipline in managing the business. As the economic uncertainty abates, we are well-positioned to reaccelerate our positive momentum by capitalizing on the key market transitions created by digital transformation. We are playing into these transitions from a position of strength. Our solutions allow us to reach new buyers, while growing our installed base. We are a leader in all-flash. The momentum in our private cloud business is accelerating. Our public cloud solutions with large hyperscalers are poised to deliver strong growth in fiscal 2020. All of this supports our confidence in our long-term model for mid single-digit top line growth. Thanks for your time. I look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Ron Pasek: Matt, the other thing that’s a little misleading just to factor in is, in Q1, Q2, we did have ELAs, which show up in direct revenue. So they skewed the direct number a little bit higher. If you adjust for that, we’re always within the last, say, eight quarters, 2018. And again, that’s where the demand if fulfilled, not necessarily where it’s created.
Ron Pasek: The price declines we’re seeing are not perfectly linear. They continue to go down. I think what we – you’ve got to remember is, the storage industry in our company’s history is predicated on decreasing commodity pricing. So, in many ways, as stores sort of earlier catalyzes demand for new use cases and drives the never-ending appetite for increasing data consumption. So it’s something we’re predicting, that’s why we have a – over rotation on flash. We know that that’s the growth area. Price reductions help that growth. As George said, you see the elasticity between the different types of media. And so as NAND prices come down, more workloads move to all-flash.
Ron Pasek: Just keep in mind, even if you isolate Q3, it’s really – we were up 2% from midpoint. And if you look at the full-year based on the midpoint in Q4 guide, we’re off maybe a little over almost 2 point in the full-year. So in the scope of the greater scheme of things, we’re still pretty much on exactly what we thought from mid single digits.
Ron Pasek: So, Kath, I think the better compare is really year-over-year, and I think that’s a more meaningful compare. And then remember, what we typically see sequentially is and you see this from Q1 to Q2 to Q2 to Q3 generally and Q3 to Q4. The higher weight of product margin and product revenue which grows – this is a slightly lower margin than the services margin, so that always puts pressure. That’s a mix issue that we see all the time.
Ron Pasek: So, Mehdi, on your OpEx question, it’s a little early for that. But I’ll remind you what we said at Analyst Day last April. So I guided this year to be roughly flat in OpEx and actually next year as well. But remember, we’re still actively doing a ton of transformation, so we’re still doing a lot of investment and a lot of disinvestments. So it’s not as if we’re just staying flat, not doing anything. We’re really working and getting a lot more efficient.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So as we talked about, we continue to grow system counts in the installed base. And remember, up until two years ago, we had 13 quarters of sequential decline in a row on the product side. So we’ve really got to get back to 13 quarters of year-over-year increases in installed base to really get back to where that you’ll see that grow again. So we’re probably several quarters away from that. We don’t – as you know, we don’t guide that discretely, Tim. So even though, we’ll give guidance on the next call for FY 2020, I won’t guide it specifically. I’ll give some general color, though.
Ron Pasek: Yes, it’s a good question. Last quarter, I mentioned it’s hard to anticipate when they’re going to land. So I gave a full-year view this year and the next year as you should expect roughly 2% of revenues as ELAs. It is lumpy. They’re hard to predict. There will be quarters when they’re zero, there will be quarters when they’re quite a bit more than that. So it’s just a really difficult thing to predict and I can only give a full-year guide on it. It’s going to make some quarters difficult compares. This quarter – this year in Q1, we had a very robust ELA quarter, that’s going to be a difficult compare.
Ron Pasek: That’s right. And remember, we did about $90 million in Q1 and about $20 million last quarter in Q2. So we really don’t have much left to do to get to that full-year 2% guide.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So the first part of your question, I – we are seeing some benefit in total margin for NAND. But it’s really more of a focused effort really over the last eight quarters, not just in the last couple of quarters. So, it’s hard to anticipate what might happen, and I’m not going to telegraph what I think might happen other than I’m confident we’ll get back to 55% or 56% eventually on product gross margins. I’ve been pretty clear about that. On the hardware and maintenance margins, I think you’ve got to be a little careful. We do have competitors in the space. We have to be careful what our margins are and what we charge. We need to make sure that customers feel that we can provide a quality service at a reasonable price, and and they can see those gross margins as well. So you’ve got to make sure they’re not ridiculous.
Ron Pasek: So, I think what you’ve got to remember is the guide we gave, which looks roughly flat year-over-year has 2 points of currency headwind. The 11% you mentioned last year had 2 points of currency tailwind. I would think it was – we’re going to do mid single digits next year, that’s the guide I can tell you right now. So I don’t know how that will quarterize, but obviously, that has to be – we have to be growing from where we’ll end in Q4.
Ron Pasek: Yes, Nehal, it was really hard. I mean, it was not back-end loaded. We saw kind of that demand as we talked about kind of wane in January, so that’s not the issue. When I dissect the reason for the escalation DSOs, which is not significant, it’s just a mix of customers that have slightly different terms than they did last year, wherever you end up with collections at the end of the quarter based on that group of customers could be different than the prior year compare or prior quarter compare. I would point out that we’re still in a very negative cash conversion cycle, so I’m pretty happy about that.
