Steven Gomo: We need to see there, yes it was a little stronger than we had anticipated in the last three weeks. We were doing really well right up to the analyst day and be fare we did not know this is going to continue with the way it had particularly given us a best business end of the month - the month end of September, but the commercial business really finished very-very strong and we actually I think end up revenue about $220 million during those last three weeks. Yes we were little surprised that how strong it was.
Steven Gomo: Yes. I think at 67 point of gross margin, I think the discipline now we put in the system around this counting or had some very frank conversation with the sales organization and communicated them the impact of more discipline, I think its fully paid off. On the last call we were hired was marginal so, higher than we thought and we indicated that do some more aggressive pricing in certain situation I don’t think we can price them more broadly, and with that discipline dissipates. But I think that we were committed to aggressively pursuing from deals and we did that, but nonetheless numbers could remain strong. I think Steve talked bout components and product mix and like to see a obviously the role of referred but all I think we did in fact pursue aggressively a number of deals but the over all gross margin remains strong.  So all and all, I think the value proposition is fully resonating and it all starts with that is defending the price and supporting the price of the faith of the customer. I think we got a really good job there, and even though we have indeed pursued some very-very aggressive deals the average gross margin remains strong.
Steven Gomo: The thing is we don’t want to do this to just probably drop prices, that are what you getting at. We fully not going to do that. On the other hand there are set of programs that we can run without partners to generate demand. And those things will come at cost counter revenue which will impact gross margin. But the other things we have in mind to stimulate demand at this point I suppose to brought pricing change.
Steven Gomo: I won’t go there, I think, I don’t think that’s the growth of our standard that’s going to impact our R&D investments. Currently we have been investing a lot of R&D in our SAN business to drive the functionality.  I think we feel good about our competitive position but I thin overall the mix of SAN versus NAS we have an integrated architecture so the vast majority of the features of, I should say unified architectures, so the vast majority of features are common to those are result I think the strength and SAN I think have to do with the previous investments we made to drive the competitors for the products and I think just for the importance sales force confidence, I think the sales force is very confident dealing with the product now.  So I think if anything the R&D investment will stabilize in that dimension as we made a progress that we have.
Steven Gomo: Okay. Let me, I will try and quantify some of the commentary that I had in the script there Keith. So, starting with the big items, probably material costs themselves were the biggest issue, it just has to do with the timing of when we receive a cost increase versus when we can pass it on to our customers. So, that was about a 2% point favorable benefit going from Q1 to Q2. The configuration we saw this quarter were very rich. And really across the border, across all segments and up and down the line for that product line for that matter, remember B-Series had one of its strongest quarters ever was very large in the mix, and the V-Series has a very-very favorable gross margin structure. Warranty was favorable by about a point compared to the prior quarter. Our quality is getting better and we recognize that based on our analysis of the expected warranty charges we are going to take in the future. Volume was favorable along with our manufacturing variances that was about seven-tenth of a point. IBM was down in the mix this past quarter that was about a half a point and discounts were slightly favorable the last quarter; they were about four-tenths of a point favorable. So, all of that adds up to just over 6% point and pretty much I think, captures the quantitative aspect of what I said in the script. As we look forward, a lot of these events are going to continue or they may manifest themselves in different ways, but I don’t think we are going to continue to see this extremely rich configuration mix we saw across all part, all segments and certainly the level of V-Series that we saw. So, we are expecting that to come down. We expect IBM to rise in our shift in this quarter, because IBM is going to have a strongest quarter with us coming up, and IBM has a much lower gross margin than the corporate average. I mean the materials benefit by talking about we are actually going to be passed back to customers through pricing adjustments that we make. Our volume and manufacturing variances we’ll probably keep the volume where it is but the manufacturing variances aren’t going to be sustainable. So, we are going to give about four-tenths of a point back there. And finally, as Tom pointed out, there will be some selected discounting that we do. Our targeted customer accounts or targeted sales situation and that’s going to be just under a percentage point that will probably come out because of that.
Steven Gomo: I think at the professional services side we are clearly, our focus remains and in fact we continue to move in the direction focusing our professional services team towards very specialized high-end, very specific customer engagement.  On moving some of the other professional services business whether it would be in the mid sized enterprise what we call general territory, and likewise our installation business we then move that to partners. In a lot of cases that’s important profit opportunity for them historically found themselves competing with them for professional services business, and we intend to continue that. So, there’s been no reversal it’s not we’ve actually moved further on that dimension. The overall services line that you talk about include the support contractors as well I believe. So those are all merged in. The professional services business that we’re trying to exit, just to put in context is really around installation and consulting in the general territory. And those are only a few percentage point of our business.
Steven Gomo: Okay. Well, first of all I want to enjoy the statement of moving back down to our 16% operating. Actually with regard to the gross margin target through basically very-very high growth margins. And while I think that attribute to a lot of hard work that we’ve done over the last year I think it’s a tribute to our product success and the value of proposition that we have out there. I don’t expect that the gross margins are going to remain at that level indefinitely and what we don’t we do as a company is bake in a permanent operating expense that necessitates us to have very-very high gross margins at that level to meet our operating margins target. On the same token is that we don’t want to pass up an opportunity to invest in our business. So, the focus that we have right now going forward is what can we do to short term activities, perhaps activities that are rebated nature I think that would stimulate demand that are above the line and like wise short term OpEx things that we could do to stimulate growth. So, what we want to do is we want to maintain the 16% target and reserve the flexibility and we could still maintain that target even at a lower gross margin. So, I do expect that we are going to do things, we are going to leverage the fact that we have this option available to us, the high gross margin and use that to stimulate sales but I don’t think we are in a position to think about adding permanently to our long-term run rate until such time as we believe we can achieve that at more normal gross margin level.
Steven Gomo: Right Brian. I mean I don’t see your model in front of me, so I don’t know what your responses are, but revenue is going to virtually double from IBM quarter-to-quarter and if look at the delta in the gross margin percentage is between the average that we achieved and IBM you get about a half percentage point. So, that’s what I’m expecting to see if all things are equal, basically the only transaction to influence things I expect things to fall by about half a point.
Steven Gomo: I think that is somewhat a function that the economy and somewhat a functions of customers’ mindsets with respect to where they are in terms of their own budget etc. And I think that as the economy stabilizes, that we think we are starting to see today, we are not seeing quite as many of those one year extension as we were.  In fact, this quarter, they actually declined slightly and we are seeing more or the normal three-year contracts as the point of sale. So, we are not back to where we were two years ago type of thing before the economy tanked, but we are clearly off the low points that we have seen with respect to the mixes of one-year contract.
Steven Gomo: Well, you are right about the increase of the accrued compensation on the balance sheet. Actually that is the result of what we call our incentive compensation plan, which is actually been on our operating profit dollar performance; and the fact that we exceeded our internal expectation, our external target by so much means that we accrued a lot more incented compensation for the vast majority of our non-commissioned employee. Also, included on that line, a positive increase, was an increase in commissions as well due to the sheer volume of our business. So, in the second half, we are actually resetting our targets for operating profit commensurate with what we have just done with our guidance. And so, it’s going to be more difficult or let’s say this, we have set a higher bar for overachievement. So we are not expecting nearly as much overachievement in the second half of the year, we will have to see things play out.
Steven Gomo: Well, I think there’s a couple of factors there. It depends on why the customer buys the V-Series. In many cases, the V-Series is an entry point to a new account that allows people to use our data management technology and our storage efficiency technology without ripping out all the stuff that they already have which may have usable life left in it. Now, one of the things that mitigate V-Series growth, and V-Series overall is probably less than 5% of our revenue, so, I don’t know if that’s enough to answer your question or a little more than that but less than 10% of our revenue. What mitigate to get to the V-series growth is for the customers that use that as an entry point when the time comes for them you come to the usable end of the life of the infrastructure behind it we think to replace that with NetApp gear. So the V-series business actually convergent to conventional system sales. So, what’s interesting thing about V-series is that it’s basically a new account generator for us and the mature account actually move into other category simply because they move along. And in fact, one of those big SAN opportunity that we talked about was in fact the largest V-series customer that actually converted to NetApp and by full assistance from us and they no longer buy the SAN back ends from other players. So, I say that the V-series is one of the key vehicles for opening up new accounts, and I think we think about it in more on those terms rather than ongoing contribute to our revenue stream.
Steven Gomo: Okay, there’s a number of moving parts there. One of them clearly is the federal season reaches its peak of euphoria in September at the end of the government fiscal year. So, clearly this is the biggest federal quarter of the year or the biggest public sector quarter of the year. And as we go forward we lose some of that. So, I don’t really want to quantify that with any detail. But we basically lose some of that. What we will see in the fourth quarter is we will see IBM very, very fourth quarter centricity and let’s seem IBM December which would take them up in the mix. And Q3 also traditionally is a very-very strong quarter for us in Europe. Now, they just had a very-very strong quarter. So, as I would see that we should see a significant Q3 decline in federal, just like we see every year. We should see strength in Europe because that’s usually our strongest quarter and we should see some strength in IBM. Those are kind of the key moving parts for us.
Steven Gomo: Yes there is no doubt that availability is becoming something that we’re spending more time on. It’s no doubt tighter now than it’s been. The first statement is I think within the range of guidance that we gave I don’t believe that component available is going to be a threat to that.  So, I would just start with that. What’s interesting about the supply chain is we’ve actually seen a lot of capacity come offline in the last couple of years, and a lot of sub-suppliers to our suppliers, cable, sheet metals, connectors, things like that, a lot of suppliers have gone out of business. And as a result as demand starts to pick up, we are seeing a fair amount of reluctance in the supply chain of companies that are doubting whether this is going to be a broad based recovery or not. So, I think your observation about the supply chain is definitely true. I don’t believe it’s going to be an issue for us in terms of any of the guidance that we have given. But it’s something that we are watching more closely than we did six to nine months ago. I think one thing that does help companies like NetApp on offset quarters is that we aren’t competing for capacities or not contract manufacturers of a party. At the same time, some of the larger companies are they are traditional quarterly boundaries. So I think that helps us a little bit. But bottom line answer to your question is supply line is definitely tightening, not just disk drives but in a lot of areas bankruptcy of major suppliers has been a factor, but I don’t believe it’s going to be a threat to the guidance we gave.
Steven Gomo: Bill we really don’t talk about backlog here, we don’t think it’s - not much of a backlog could be cancelled at any time type of thing. But it’s suffice to say we are just very please with our backlog position right now, and it’s all been factored into the guidance.
Steven Gomo: Yes, the pipeline, our pipeline looks very good and the good is that the growth rates have improved. So, we feel that the predictability of the pipeline is much better than it was certainly six month ago. Again, all we know about the pipeline, and all we know about our backlog has been factored into the guidance we gave you.
Steven Gomo: Okay Chris. So when I expect to see it growing on the cash flow statement. Well the deferred is a what you’re referring to then is a increase in the deferred liability on the balance sheet. What we just saw on the past quarter about $7 million, I am not expecting to see large increases in the balance sheet deferred liability until we get our bookings growing in more than 10% year-over-year, and revenues would be growing roughly 10% year over also and as you know we’re roughly just under zero right now. So slightly negative in products.  So I think it’s going to be several quarters before you start to see feasible growth and deferred revenues on the balance sheet. As far as the impact on cash flow that’s I think that we’re going to be range that I gave you at the analyst day. Certainly my anticipation for next quarter and I am not going out beyond that right now. Yes the 32-day BSO is a remarkable achievement by the company and tribute to our collections team. I also believe that BSO starts with customer satisfaction but nonetheless that’s a very low number and a day at BSO is $10 million in cash. 
Steven Gomo: Okay. So I don’t have those data points, I do know that new account accusation was actually up this quarter over the last quarter which was expected with a sequential growth.  So I don’t think we are on track I don’t think many thing report you to positively or negatively on that dimension but still there remains a focus something that we fully trying to do and now we have our own channels but also IBM’s doubled our due account acquisition last year through our activities with them So expect that to continue, we expect to have a good quarter with them as they close their fiscal year.
Steven Gomo: Yes okay. So Fujitsu announcement is something that we were working out for quite some time and you follow the Fujitsu story, Fujitsu, Siemens and recapitalize the company and that kind of slowed things down a bit, but then they renewed in earnest with the new leadership and basically we are trying to is put now that Fujitsu owned that entity they are looking to drive a unified storage strategy across Japan and all of Fujitsu.  So they have got some internally developed products, they have got partnership with NetApp which is quite significant, I think we have talked about them in the past, we have to quantify them but I think we would say this bigger than the IBM relationship which is a fact, and so they are important partner for us. And they also have other partners that are competitors to us but they also do business with. Not on a significant scale.  I think going forward what we have agreed to do is that we have jointly billed a storage portfolio that unifies a number of their technologies, their storage management and some of other core technologies that we have and basically build a single product portfolio for Fujitsu that based on a combination their technologies and our technologies.  The Fujitsu is multi hundred million dollar partner of ours and I think that this represent a very-very interesting relationship for us going forward and it gives them an opportunity to stream-line their storage story and allows them to have a single story world wide around storage I suppose there is some reseller relationship they have today.
Thomas Georgens: Okay, you broke up a little Kaushik, I think you asked me about the EMC, Cisco and VMware. That’s a we could spend the whole call on that subject. But to kind of simplify it, I think you need to look at the motivations of each of the individual players. I think from VMware’s perspective I think that if anything they want to remain neutral. And I don’t think that they are an advocate or a strong supporter of creating anything that’s going to favor VMware or favor EMC and Cisco. Cisco is a great company and it’s got a track record and they are a formidable competitor but doesn’t change the fact that they don’t have any market share in servers lot yet, and HP and IBM actually are partnering more closely with Microsoft. So I think VMware have already made independent and they have actually put that in writing that they certainly intend to maintain the relation they have had with NetApp and continue to cooperate both from a technology perspective and a go to market perspective. And I expect no change there. I think Cisco role in this, is clearly they want to ride the VMware momentum and likewise EMC has got a big installed base, they want to leverage. So I think the go to market appeal partnering with EMC makes a lot of sense to them. On the other I think that EMC from a storage perspective brings elite to this relationship and their primary motivation of being engaged by Cisco is around the go to market side. So at the end of the day this relationship doesn’t produce anything for the customer and to be perfectly honest I think what Cisco is going to find is once they move away from EMC’s stronghold accounts, they are going to find that their transforming is hindered by EMC. In fact EMC is the attendants of the transformation and the goal that I have given our team is that I want to form the same relationship with Cisco that we have with VMware.  In other words a very neutral stand from corporate but I want to be engaged with their sales teams and turn to customers everyday demonstrating our value, and I want to basically be in a position that outside of EMC stronghold accounts we do more business with Cisco than EMC does.
Thomas Georgens: We’ll honestly give you more detail. But I think that our gross margin performance on bookings on the accounts other than IBM are probably going to have a bigger impact and where we ultimately ends up at IBM. IBM will still be 6% of our business and it’s neutral from a operating margin perspective although lower on a gross margin. But I think the gross margin story is going to be written on the rest of our business, not just IBM.
Thomas Georgens: Just keep in mind why the V-series is so structurally difficult. Remember the V-series is still without disc. So, it’s basically just the computer head and the software, which gives us the rich configuration that I was talking about earlier.
Thomas Georgens: No doubt that we actually had a number larger deals this quarter. So certainly deal size, whether it be over $10 million, we had some in this quarter, we haven’t had any of those in over a year. $5 to $6 million is up, $2 to $6 million is up, pretty much every single category of deals over a million dollars has been up. So clearly deal size is improving. I think that would be an indicator that customers are moving away from just satisfying incremental demand for short-term covering of their need. I think they are moving more towards tech refreshes and broader build out of new infrastructures particularly as they look towards their internal cloud. So, as you can well imagine large deal sizes they tend to be lumpy, they tend to be hard to predict, they tend to be the ones that are going to get pushed out in time because they get a lot of scrutiny up and down the approval chain. So there is no doubt that a lot more of those came to fruition. So we think about implicit measures of the health of the overall industry, it’s a fact that more and more of those deals are coming up the other end. That would be two things. One of them is that budget are certainly not what they once were. Budgets are a little bit more firm than they once were.  It also tells me that people are thinking and starting to implement new data center architectures and new tech refreshes as opposed to just satisfying incremental demand with bare bone systems.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think it’s, you know, obviously marginally divide the overall market size. But I think in terms of win rates in market share, I know I think it’s sustainable, I also think it’s one of our key objective. If you look at the overall storage industry and you look at specifically at the SAN space. I think that’s one area particularly in midrange then where the pace of innovation by the major vendors has been to slow it.  So, when I look at products from the major players, you know, who they are, I actually think that those are the weakest offering from the storage industry and the ones that we need to be attacking most aggressively. You know when I look at this tech refresh cycle, I presume that my competitors have also got old equipment sitting out there as well.  When you look at it, that equipments 3, 4, 5 years old, the architectures that people have in mind gone forward particularly on the around the Virtualized Data Centers and internal cloud basically sever virtualization intensive environment. Those are very different than the environments that they had in mind when they bought that equipment 3, 4, 5 years ago. When that comes up for tech refresh and most of them have seen very very little innovation, particularly in terms of its relevance in virtualized server environment, I think that’s, that’s our strength is in that environment.  So, I think intercepting that tech refresh, particularly around mid range SAN is a very very core focus of ours. So, you know, I am not going to predict what the markets going to do on terms of our continued success. I am actually very bullish on our opportunity and I expect that you see similar deals like this in the future.
Thomas Georgens: No, not moderated at all. I said it before is that I think an EMC is firmly entranced to count. That is really the target of this relationship and by definition those one are NetApp account.  Once you get out of those I consider Cisco fair game partner just like everybody else and we tend to partners with them aggressively and compete against EMC and time will tell in terms of stories that are out there but I can personally speak of where are the numbers very-very significant UCS deal that are Cisco partnering directly with NetApp and no EMC involvement at all.  In coming times we can talk about them, but I think in the short run, yes Cisco has gone with the leverage EMC’s market presence. Well EMC does not have a market presence the whole world knows what EMC is but customers have currently chosen not to buy EMC and I don’t think the VCE is going to change their mind. 
