Steve Gomo: Thanks Tara. Good afternoon everyone. Now that you’ve had a chance to read our written commentary, I’d like to take a few minutes to discuss our perspective on these results. We are extremely pleased with the breadth of our success this quarter and all of the records set across the various geo's, products, revenue and earnings. While Tom will delve further into these, I’ll talk about the impact of our performance as it relates to our business model and the implications for the future. NetApp significantly outpaced both the market and the competition and we are forecasting Q4 sequential growth at about 6% to 9%. These sequential growth numbers translate into about 22% to 25% year over year organic growth in revenue, a figure that our competitors are nowhere near achieving in their storage businesses. On top of that, this implies our year over year product revenue growth will be greater than 30%, a growth number that is remarkable in any environment, especially for a company of scale. While we significantly outpaced our revenue forecast, our non-GAAP gross margin expressed as a percent of revenue was almost exactly where we expected it to be. Moreover, we passed along some cost savings to our customers in order to stimulate growth and share gains just as we said we would.  It’s worth noting that our 64% plus gross margins were achieved in a quarter where we had a significant jump in the mix of low end units. A robust low end does not materially impact our gross margin. In fact, because it carries far less disc, the low end actually has very similar margins to our high end systems which typically pull more software but also have far more disc. The key point is that with the unified architecture and a single operating system across all of our product lines, we are relatively indifferent to the changes in the mix of our platform. With the mix of deferred revenue in the P&L remaining strong, non-GAAP gross margins should continue at a similarly healthy level next quarter. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were above plan, although it was due to greater than expected variable compensation related to our expense and operating income performance. While you should expect us to continue to drive toward a 16% annual operating income target, Q4 is likely to be higher than that as it takes time to ramp investments targeted at additional share capture. I would like to call your attention to this quarter’s 10% year over year growth in deferred revenue on the balance sheet. It is not surprising that this occurred in the quarter when products started to show year over year growth again. Deferred elements result mostly from attachment to product sales with some additional contribution from renewals by the installed base. Over the long haul, product revenue growth drives the deferred revenue liability. I’d also like to reiterate that we expect our free cash flow as a percent of revenue to return to our targeted range of 17% to 22% next quarter as accounts receivables level off. It is worth noting that the average for Q3 and Q3 combined is 20.3% right in the middle of our targeted range with the quarterly variation due to fluctuation in accounts receivable. The bottom line is that our business model is thriving and should be relatively stable going forward. We are excited about the market opportunities unfolding in front of us and proud of the team for capitalizing on them so effectively. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Steve Gomo: We’re not forecasting out beyond the next quarter. I do think we’re probably going to see on the order to 150 to 200 people joining us next quarter. Some of that is going to be from some new college hires that really grab coming out. Some are going to be engineering and a few sales people. As I think Tom noted in his portion earlier on the conference call today, we are starting to invest in the business and certainly engineering and sales remain two of the focal areas.
Steve Gomo: I think that’s a fair characterization. Also the gross margins that support that kind of position in the fourth quarter, I don’t see a lot of change from the third quarter margins levels either on a product basis or on a overall company wide basis. I think we’re going to see pretty steady gross margins in the fourth quarter.
Steve Gomo: To add another commentary to that, the supply constraints that we’ve talked about here tended to clear up toward the back half of January. We didn’t come completely out of the constraint scenario, but a lot of the constraints were alleviated with about two or three weeks to go.
Steve Gomo: I think going forward you’re going to see a rebound revenue growth wise in both Europe and Asia Pacific particularly in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Georgans: The first thing we’d like to do before we answer any questions is acknowledge HP who was gracious enough to start their call a half hour early to allow us to go ahead today on the same day as they did, and also allowed probably most of you to join the call and most of the investors listening as well, so we really appreciate it, and thank you to HP. With respect to the 45% question, we can get to 45% of expenses as a percent of revenue very quickly if we wanted to. But in doing so, the question one would have to ask is if we’re foregoing opportunities to invest to increase our growth going forward. And there lies the trade off that we have to make and we have to make all the time. So I think our goal remains to achieve a 16% operating margin over the long haul and we’ll manage between operating expenses and gross margin along the way. There will be periods of time when we’re a little higher. There will be periods of time when we’re a little lower. But over the long haul, right now our goal remains 16%.
Thomas Georgans: In general I’d say strength was pretty strong across the board. I think what was particularly notable was the dramatic rise in the entry level systems and I think that a lot of programs that we put in place in the channel, I think we’ve extended our reach and I think we’ve moved deeper into that particular sector. It’s been something we’ve been working on for awhile. It’s actually something that we’ve been having progress on, but in the last two quarters, we’ve seen quite a big run up. So I think that the strength of the MSC has really been an important part of this as well. Interesting thing is as you see the numbers, the high end was also strong and I think that’s been a return of some of our larger customers. And we talked a little bit about the performance of acceleration modules on the prepared text, but I also see some of our big service providers see systems moving into that category as well. So what is interesting about this is that we saw significant strength on the very low end and the very high end which I think would speak to the breadth of the business. As far as supply constraints, clearly that kept us entertained all quarter, suffice to say. In terms of leaving revenue on the dock, I think we worked very, very hard at trying to understand which revenue we could ship and which revenue we couldn’t ship and expediting things. I don’t know if I really want to speculate as to how much revenue we really left behind. Clearly it was running from the last quarter to this quarter so there’s a bunch of moving parts there, but I wouldn’t suspect that was a component either on the plus side or the minus side of the numbers we posted.
Thomas Georgans: I think the operating margin target is more of an annual number, so I think we’ll see some variability quarter to quarter as we go through it. I think frankly, the over achievement on revenue has been, I wouldn’t go so far as to say a surprise to us, but I think we certainly weren’t baking that into our operating expense plans as we went along. So I think there will be a little bit of lag until we catch up to the business a little bit and I think as a result, that will flow through in the form of increased operating margins. We certainly saw that this quarter. But I think in the long run, our objective is to invest in the business.  First of all, the momentum on many fronts has obviously got us excited and I think that there is plenty of avenues for us to invest very, very proactively in order to generate some growth here. So I don’t think this is the time for us to be cautious. So I think we want to address the investment in the business. Obviously we don’t want to be wasteful and reckless so we need to be careful about it, and some of those investments have a lead time. I would be really clear that we’re not going to be perfectly 16% every quarter. I think you will see some seasonality in our results. And beyond that, with variability on the top line either above or below our expectation, you’ll also see some variability on the bottom line. But right now I think our investment stream is still catching up to the revenue growth.
Thomas Georgans: Linearity in the quarter pretty much had two dimensions to it. The booking linearity was actually pretty solid and this tends to be a more linear quarter than most because of December being the end of the fiscal year for a lot of our partners and a lot of our customers, and especially IBM. On the other hand, the revenue linearity because of the supply constraints is probably a bit more back end loaded than the bookings would indicate.  Overall, I’d say that the public sector continues to be strong and I’d say that other industries up and down. Tech was strong. Financials, obviously we went through quite a trough there. I think they’ve come back to some degree. And within each of the industries there are winners and losers, so I wouldn’t say that one industry is outpacing the others. I think we’ve got the top end companies in each of the industries appear to be reasonably active.
Thomas Georgans: I think the way to think about V series is less as an economic engine and more as an opportunity for us to enter new accounts. So one of the things that happens with V series is that we’ll frequently enter with a V series and then as time goes on and customers get familiar with it and their existing infrastructure behind it ages, it will get replaced with traditional FAS systems. So in some ways, the V series business is somewhat self cannibalizing. So the way we see V series is it’s a relative percentage of overall revenue because the disc attachment as you indicated is smaller, but it’s an enormous tool to enter new accounts because people, if they’re intrigues with the NetApp value proposition and they can see the value that we can bring in, it allows us to allow customers to start using our technology without step one being replacing everything that they have. So I have V series adoption as a, a measure of people’s interpretation of the difference between the value proposition of the NetApp software portfolio versus that of the infrastructures that they typically have in place, primarily SAN. And more importantly, it’s an opportunity for us to get into new accounts, and that’s primarily as we see V series as opposed to something that’s going to fundamentally change our business model.
Thomas Georgans: It’s a high gross margin product and definitely higher than the norm. On the other hand, as a percentage of total revenue, it’s not a big number. So I wouldn’t be heavily modeling on gross margin. I think it’s more important and indicative of our ability to penetrate new accounts.
Thomas Georgans: That’s kind of a tough one. I guess there’s a couple things that I would say. I think we’ve been making that point that as customers seek to build more of a homogeneous infrastructure that can run multiple applications, typically those applications have the need for multiple access methods, both file and block.  As a result, as we see more of this virtualized shared infrastructure roll out, then I see more and more customers that are interested in products that can run both at the same time. The other thing is, it gives them an option that if it’s NAS today, it could be SAN tomorrow or vice versa and I think that’s a factor as well. The other thing that is a little bit different is I think that all along the Unified component is a little bit higher. A customer may buy that app because he can do both SAN and NAS, but they may actually buy certain boxes for SAN and certain boxes for NAS because that’s the way they’re segregated in their installation. However, the Unified storage is the reason why they bought, because it gives them flexibility. So I would expect to still see some volatility in the Unified number but I think in the long run, if customers want to build a big homogeneous storage infrastructure on multiple applications, the ability to be multi-protocol is going to be an essential requirement and I think single protocol products are going to become essentially obsolete over time.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Does it suggest if it is Unified it’s weighted towards the 3000 line or 6000 line at the expense of the 2000 so that’s positive for mix? That’s what I was trying to understand.
Thomas Georgans: I think on the Unified storage it’s both. So on the high end you might think about business applications or running Oracle but on the low end simply be able to do Windows file services and Microsoft exchange at the same time, would typically generate a multi-protocol system, probably and SF&B and even fiber channel. So I think from that regard, I wouldn’t rule out the high end versus low end type of a thing. In fact, you might actually see, I would venture to guess that you would see it in both cases.
Thomas Georgans: I think we’re going to invest in some things that we believe are going to generate growth and I think it will primarily be field activities, product development activities and service and support activities. Those are the categories of our head count. I’d say what we’ve been doing all along is we’ve been relatively constrained from a spending perspective as we tried to climb back to our operating margin target and what we have seen in terms of the actual results printed is the impact of the over achievement on operating margin and growth. That’s basically driving a lot of incentive compensation. And that’s been a big part of our growth, and it remains that way this quarter. Clearly next year, we’ll go back to more of a base line and some of that will go away and the true growth of the business will be more evident in the numbers. But right now, we’ve had a pretty big run up in operating expense last quarter and this quarter and even buried into our forecast for next quarter, but most of that is in the form of incentive compensation and not really that much of it just yet in the form of increased investment. We released some spending a few months back. We released more and we’re being more aggressive going forward. So I think you’ll see some of that kick in in Q4 and then more of it in Q1, but Q1 will also see the roll back of the incentive.
Thomas Georgans: On the vertical question no. In fact, there was a long time where we had one particular V series customer that was a substantial amount of the V series revenue and they’ve actually converted over to full systems at this point. So in terms of the V series growth numbers, they need to overcome these things from quarter to quarter. In fact they had their biggest single customer go away. Obviously a tremendous benefit for NetApp. So for us the numbers have continued to keep increasing and the rate of new ones coming in are offsetting the ones going away, but I don’t have a data point on how many of them actually convert, but it’s a substantial number. There are some customers, even some big customers that have standardized on V series and other people’s back end, but that is not very common. Most customers enter this model with the intention of converting over time.
Thomas Georgans: On the question on passing it back to customers, I’d say that we didn’t just say sales for go out and discount like mad. I think we did a few things. One of the them was specific channel programs around certain resellers to stimulate business and I think we saw that in the performance of our distribution partners in particular. So that was clearly using above the line on gross margin dollars to stimulate sales without changing our sales behavior at all.  And then clearly there are some accounts that we felt that price elasticity would open up doors for us where they previously wouldn’t have. We basically approved selected deals where we went aggressively and strategically. So we worked really hard in the past three quarters to get discipline around discounting and I think it’s shown in the results but we weren’t going to give that up overnight. So for the most part we tried to keep that discipline in place and focus our use of our gross margin dollars really on very, very specific targeted accounts and targeted programs for our resellers. As far parts go, I would say it’s had relatively small impact on pricing. Where it will come into play and really haven’t seen it that much just yet, at least with most of the components, is if our downstream pricing from our suppliers now becomes problematic because of the shortages, then clearly that would create some pressure on us to hold that back from our customers. However, I think that worst of that, at least for most of the commodities is past, so I think if that was going to happen it would have already happened. But I wouldn’t try to imply the gross margin we saw sequentially had to do with parts. Most of that was mix, IMB component and the strategic choice on our part that I talked about on the last call as an effort to use that very high gross margin to drive growth.
Thomas Georgans: I think that in terms of the overall storage market as a whole, we just put up 15% numbers. HP reported down. IBM was up a little. EMC was down and those are improved numbers for all of them. Hitachi is down. So I wouldn’t claim that this market is by any means robust. I think that it has clearly improved over the last six months were all of those guys were down double digits. But nonetheless I’d say that it’s not like it’s a roaring success. So I don’t think that we’re expecting a double digit growth rate in this industry to propel our growth going forward so pretty much several things at play. I think within the context of IT spending, I think storage is going to get a disproportionate amount of the incremental spending by virtue of it being a consumable. I think that virtualization is fundamentally changing the way people think about the data centers of the future and I think that these data center build outs as their equipment ages, is becoming a top priority and that’s going to compete for IT dollars. So I think our growth opportunity here is basically winning or participating in the segments of the IT that are actually going to get investment even if the overall IT market doesn’t grow. So I don’t think that we need to get significant IT more storage growth for us to grow. I think we’ll dramatically outgrow the market. I do expect it to rebound. I think we do have some concerns about if we’re going to see another let down, is this going to be a w or not. But on the other hand, the business has momentum and as some point you have to believe, and I think that we don’t want to look back a couple of years from now and say, you know what, we were poised. We were perfectly positioned with the products. We were perfectly positioned with the channel. We passed up an opportunity to invest. So I think we need to take some courage, go with the momentum of the business, make some investment choices and try to take share when we believe things are in our favor.
Thomas Georgans: The AMIA growth was actually muted a little bit from what it could have been. The supply constraints while it did not impact our overall business, did impact various geographies and I think Europe was one of the two geographies that was impacted by it. And that just has to do with the mix of customer, the terms of the trade if you will with respect to the orders that we’re shipping against, that ability to get the right parts to the right geography. So I think that Europe’s revenue tends to be a little bit understated from what it could have been had we not seen the supply constraints that we did. 
Thomas Georgans: I would say that the budget flush was not particularly evident. I would say that I don’t believe that we got a dramatic headwind in this quarter that wasn’t going to persist because of the budget flush. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have guided the way we did. So there’s no doubt that certain parts of the government still remains strong and I think that certain commercial customers certainly had a budget flush to some degree but I wouldn’t say it was like what we’ve seen in the past. Probably the biggest non linear component of our business would be IBM which tends to be very fourth quarter centric so clearly they were the highest percentage of our revenue. They were at the high point in terms of the year which is typical. But overall linearity I’d say is more or less what we would have expected.
Thomas Georgans: This going after the channel has been a recurring theme on this call and if I go back a year and a half to two years ago, certainly you had competitors of mine talking about strength in the commercial space which in a lot of ways is synonymous with the channel and we’ve been going after that. If you look at the volumes of our low end products, we went from 2000 a quarter to 4000 a quarter so obviously a much bigger number this quarter. I guess there’s one side of me that says that we have not completely tapped that market. Certainly we haven’t seen a leveling off. If anything, it seems that either the investments we made, the channel progress we took, perhaps some of the alienation created by some of our competitors has opened up the door. So I still think we’re early on in this. There’s nothing that would indicate to me that we’re out of ideas or out of channel. The other thing is, most of our dialogue here is about the U.S. I think there’s creativity that we could apply internationally as well in getting some more channel partner leverage over there as well.
Thomas Georgans: I guess that could be. If we did nothing and the numbers suddenly materialized then I’d say perhaps there’s some external impact. But what we did in the quarter was we introduced a new product and we pushed our existing low end product further down in the market. So I think our product positioning has changed. Now it is possible that several refresh has also taken storage refresh with it and maybe our channel partners are connecting those two dots that we are not. That’s certainly a possibility. Certainly we’ve seen server business. We also try to make ourselves just plain easier to do business with so not only have we done bundles, we’ve reduced the amount of software SKU’s. We’ve got a lot more bundling in with the base unit at fewer options just to make the whole thing easier so the process of flowing through. We did some things so that they don’t have to come to us for pricing. There’s a whole bunch of things that we did to try to make this easier and in the channel, I think if there’s one lesson that we’ve learned, and perhaps the company knew it but I didn’t, is that product is one component but the process and the pricing and the positioning and the competitive behavior also matter quite a bit as well.
Thomas Georgans: Most of the public sector is still Federal for us although interestingly enough, the public sector market is actually bigger than the Federal market, so therefore we’re excited about that growth opportunity and it had a big year over year growth, but nonetheless our historical emphasis has been Federal as opposed to state and local and higher ed. We formed a whole new division. We put that into the public sector component and that’s coming on really, really strong but it’s a smaller number. So right now most of our public sector numbers that we’re posting is really Federal related. But nonetheless, state, local and higher ed has good momentum. It’s a good market that we’ve truly not participated in very deeply in the past. It’s something that we’re going to go after aggressively. So obviously with all the components to it, the ramps in the states, and some of the Federal programs that have got state components and the race to the top, all of these things are components of participating at that level. That’s a big investment we took, one of our most senior people to run that and we put in into our public sector business. But right now, I’d say most of the conclusions you should draw about that business should really pertain to Federal.
Thomas Georgans: Yes, I think on a relative year over year basis, Q2 buying season obviously is the big lump in the year so Q2 is usually the big hitter for them and then Q3 is the big drop off and then Q4 is a little bit bigger and then it drops off again. So I think year over year the comparisons are just fine, but there’s no doubt there’s a sequential drop off as you’d expect with the seasonality of that business.
Thomas Georgans: I wish I could say I had that kind of visibility. I would say external affects, the dollar, the overall economy, are we going to see another leg down. So those types of things I can’t predict so I don’t want to overlay that on my guidance, and that’s why I really only guided for one quarter. However, what I do feel strongly about and the things I can control are my competitive position, the breadth of my channel, and those I feel really good at. So as far as guidance in terms of how strong we believe that we will be able to maintain our competitive position, I feel good about that certainly into the summer and beyond.  But the overall economic environment, I’m a little bit reluctant to do that. We’re really only one month into 2010 and we’ll see how people are really going to respond here. But overall, I expect our close rates to be more normal. Probably more important than that is that we’re participating in more deals than we ever have in the past and unless the economy ticks down or we have some blow up with exchange rates, I would expect the momentum to continue. But I’m not in a position to do macro economic forecasting.
Thomas Georgans: Historically our field activities have not been vertically oriented. However, I’d say Telco and service providers is a high priority for us and clearly there’s a lot of secular dollars are going to flow to health care and that’s probably, to the extent that we’re going to go after verticals, it would probably be those two. But some of the investment is going to be geo based as well as we expend our coverage both in our successful geo’s and also a lot of ego’s where we’re just really getting off the ground.
Thomas Georgans: I think there is a couple of components. Specifically to EMC, FAS is a collection of things not a specific capability, so FAS Symetrix is different from what FAS is on a Clarion is different from what FAS is differed on a Solaro which is different on a, or what have you. FAS is kind of an umbrella name for a bunch of point technologies that are different on every platform. But first and foremost whatever NetApp does, it’s going to consistent across all of the SAN and NAS high end and low end. Second of all, frankly I think the entire concept of cheering is dying and I probably don’t want to go into a long speech on that but at the end of the day, the simple fact of the matter is, cheering is a way to manage migration of data between fiber channel based system and serial ATA based systems. And with the advent of Flash, and we talked about our performance acceleration module, basically these systems are going to go to large amount of Flash which are going to be dynamic with serial ATA behind them and the whole concept of have tiered storage is going to go away.
Thomas Georgans: It would probably be share and I’ll come back to the question on margins. I think with the growth rate of 15% year over year and forecasting 20% year over year, we absolutely positively have to be gaining share, particularly with product growth rate actually even higher than that which is not true of my competitors where their product growth rate is generally lower than their aggregate growth rate. But I think we are clearly gaining share and on analysts day I talked about our objective to gain a point of share this year. I think we did more than that this quarter and if next quarter plays out the way we say, I think it will do that as well. As far as the margin position, I think Steve talked about the mix and as far as the channel is concerned, the channel margins are not substantially different that our large customer margin, so I think the channel mix is not a big margin play. It will trend down a little bit next quarter. It may. I think we’re not actually forecasting that as part of our marketing calculation, but the number was up quite a bit and there are a number of factors to that. There may have been backlog from the prior quarter so I would probably expect it to come down a little bit but I think that the strength of those two partners and the investments that we’re making in them and some of their partners downstream, that’s going to persist. So I would expect them to be higher than they were in the past even if it does dip down a little bit from this quarter. Your question has to do with does you margin structure change as opposed to channel shift between MFV and enterprise market, whatever the case there, high end, low end product the answer is no. There is not going to be a material shift because of that. If customers at the high end or low end choose to configure products differently or order richer configurations, obviously that could have an impact. But channel shifts in and of themselves shift between our high end and low end offerings, all things being equal are not going to make a material mark on our gross margins.
Thomas Georgans: We have about $3.2 billion of cash as you note. Right now we have no plans for a stock repurchase, certainly we’re not announcing anything today. I wouldn’t rule them out in the future by any means. Our objective is still to offset the dilution associated with the option grant with repurchases. That said, if you look at where we are versus our history, we’re in pretty good shape right now. So as it stands right now, we’re still basically planning to augment our cash balance, particularly our U.S. cash balance to make sure we have plenty of dry powder in case there is an M&A opportunity that comes along that we choose to pursue. As far as the convert is concerned, yes, the base bond convert at $32 and some odd cents, but remember we had a cost overlay on top of that which takes us up effectively to $41 or $42 convert point. So to be fair we lost about 20% of that cost spread when Lehman went under. But if the stock goes to $42 I think everybody is going to be happy. That’s our view of it right now.
Thomas Georgans: Virtualization in general, not just VMware and also virtualization including best virtualization desktop, as well as virtual server are all key areas of focus for us. The competitive advantage that we bring to that space is first of all, I think we recognize it as a trend and made the appropriate development adjustments earlier than anybody else and I think we got the market center. I also think it exposed, or I should say unveiled a lot of the other technologies that we had in a very positive way. NetApp is still really the only player that does primary D duplication and our D duplication technology in the context of VMware environments is very, very effective. In fact we run a campaign that on new accounts we’ll guarantee that we can do it in half the space. We have provisional technology called cloning, or flex cloning. It will actually create a copy of the data without actually replicating any of the physical space.  But if you provision virtual desktops to a larger provision, we’ve done demos where we provisioned 5,000 virtual desktops, consumed no additional space and did the whole thing in five minutes. Then we’ve got other technologies as well including tight integration. So I think the value proposition there is obviously economic. It’s ease of management. It’s reduced space, reduced power. It’s all of those things. I think the economic story is very, very strong. I think that’s what we’ve gone out with. The technology duplication and the thin provisioning and the flex cloning is also important in other environments as well so I don’t want to make this only about the VMware. But if we look at last year, virtualization was the primary application. We won a new account this year with VM ware. I don’t know if you want to call it an application, an environment is up there with all the traditional environments, oracle and things like that. So I don’t want to give you the impression that’s half our business but clearly we went from nothing five years ago to now one of the dominant environments in which we sell but it’s also an area that’s growing very, very rapidly for us and growing very rapidly for the industry and a key focus for customers. So it keeps our story top in mind. In the VMware world, we’re not a server vendor and we don’t own VMware. So for a customer to choose VMware, they need to choose NetApps to run VMware. They need a good reason and I think our value proposition has demonstrated that and VMware has recognized that. Our partnership with them is outstanding particularly at the field level where it really matters. All in all I think our value proposition is good there and I think VMware has moved less around pure server utilization and now virtualization is enabling what’s ultimately coming with what w call shared infrastructure on cloud computing now that applications are decoupled from hardware. And that creates another whole set of requirements that I think NetApp is particularly well suited for us. And that was our announcement with VMware and Cisco was that secure multi-tenancy and if you’re going to share an infrastructure, how do you guarantee performance and how do you guarantee date security. And ourselves, Cisco and VMware collaborated on a solution to go after that problem. So all in all, the virtualization trend I consider to be very positive. And it’s not only VMware, and it’s not only server virtualization. I wouldn’t rule out Microsoft by any means and desktop virtualization is starting to come into its own as well. I think at this point we’re at the end of our time and I think we’ll wrap up. I’d like to thank everybody for joining us. Once again I’d like to reiterate my thanks for HP who allowed us to not overlap our meeting so we can both get to communicate with our investor base and I’d like to thank you all for your time and your interest in NetApp. Take care.
