George Kurian: Let me start by telling you about our NVMe solution. We are the first to ship an end-to-end NVMe solution in the market. We had NVMe solutions that provide investment protected connectivity between the hosts and the storage system over InfiniBand and fiber channel that allows customers to leave in place the network footprints they have already deployed and take advantage of even lower latencies. We also have NVMe connected within the system either as storage devices or as caches and we are differentiated by the fact that we have an end-to-end offering. The fact that our performance from a IOPS perspective is substantially higher, from a throughput perspective it's four times higher than any other competitor in the marketplace and from a latency is industry leading at 200 microseconds and less. So we feel very good about the capabilities that we’ve introduced in the market. With regard to NAND pricing I'm going to let Ron comment.
George Kurian: Clearly the lower the latency in the network fabric, customers can replace direct connected storage devices with shared storage and still get the benefits of high performance. I think the combination of NVMe connected storage as well as advancements in software like with our Plexistor technology will allow us to continue to give customers the benefits of shared storage for an ever increasing range of workloads. In particular the NVMe solutions that we’ve introduced for both InfiniBand and fiber channel allows us to go after the highest performance end of the fan market by redefining a fan landscape and it allows us to gain ever further market share using our flash portfolio, so we feel really good about the overall opportunity.
George Kurian: We continue to see opportunities to expand product gross margin. I think we’ve had really good progress through the course of this past fiscal year. You'll see us continue to press on those levers and other levers going forward. I think the differentiation of our software is strong. The material addition of the cloud business to the portfolio further differentiates our offerings and as we head into this fiscal year we feel really positioned well to extract the full value of that differentiation.
George Kurian: Listen, I think our strategic portfolio’s progress speaks for itself. It has been north of 20% in terms of year-over-year growth for seven out of the last eight quarters. So we feel very, very good about the differentiation of our portfolio and its expanded differentiation through the work that we've done with the hyperscalers. I think what Dell has to do in terms of not only rationalizing their portfolio, but then to develop a coherent cloud strategy is years of work, and so not only does it yield as they rationalize yields for us to take our platform as they transition and give us expanded opportunity, but they’re years behind of on everything from flash to cloud. So we feel really good, we're heading into this new fiscal year with by far the best momentum and the most unique position in the market that we’ve had in as long as I’ve been at NetApp which is quite a while.
George Kurian: May be where we are in the fiscal year, we are early in the fiscal year. We have as we have done in the past planned the business conservatively from an operating expense standpoint. As we develop more visibility through the year we will share that in terms of updating you all. Over the last couple of years what we have established as a pattern of operating the company is that if we outperform in the top line as we have done, those outperformance typically flows through the bottom line in terms of increased returns to shareholders. And so you’ve seen us take that philosophy, we are very bullish on the strength of our product portfolio. Having the strategic products which is the place that we are focused on for growth, grow at 25% last quarter year-on-year and to have north of 20% for seven straight quarters, seven out of eight quarters, just shows the strength of the portfolio, so we'll tell you more as the year plays out. Our philosophy is to build a plan that we can meet or beat and provide you more updates as we see more visibility through the course of the year.
George Kurian: So as we’ve said in prepared remarks we continued to focus on the strategic portfolio to drive growth. We are pleased that the results and they represent the strength of the portfolio. As we head into the second half of this year, you will see the additions of the cloud data services business come into play as well as an expanded set of capabilities in hyper converts. So we feel good about the prospects for the strategic portfolio product and we'll tell you more as the year pans out. With regard to mature, we have as expected seen the stabilization of the mature products. The mature products as we said before, depend on 7-Mode which is our legacy technology, the OEM business and add-on storage. 7-Mode is essentially no longer being sold and so you should expect that to be zero going forward. The OEM business and add-on storage are lumpy on a quarterly basis, but over the course of the year should be no longer a headwind at least to the business; whether it yields growth is dependent on the opportunities we capture. I think that we feel good about modeling it as at least flat for this coming year.
George Kurian: We don’t try to model outperformance in the base plan we build for the year, right? We target the base plan for OpEx to be that we achieve the annual operating plan of the company. The outperformance would be reflected in operating expense that is accrued to reflect the outperformance and will vary quarter-by-quarter depending on the performance year-to-date.
George Kurian: The Americas commercial business continued to be good balanced book of business. We saw strength across all the different parts of the Americas theatre [ph] and strength in Canada. Latin Americas' performance varied by country. So, we feel good about the balance of business across the Americas. And it's reflective of us gaining share in terms of both net new customers as well as net new workloads in existing customers. I think the relative comparison of the Americas commercial business to other parts of the world we saw FX benefits for example helping us in Europe this fiscal year. With regard to AFA, of the capacity that we shipped 20% is roughly speaking the AFA capacity. It varies quarter-on-quarter, but I would just say it's in that ballpark. And from a config system perspective in terms of dollars, we have more than 50%, a good percentage more than 50% of systems are shipped out of the factory are now all flash arrays. So that lends support to our belief that strategic products are now the majority of our business and the strength of the strategic products growing at 25% year-over-year last quarter should lend support to the continued growth of NetApp.
George Kurian: You know, I would tell you that, IT spending broadly speaking reflects the economic landscape and I think that clarity on the economic outlook supports project based spending. I think we've also seen greater clarity in the enterprise in certain parts of the world around their applications for the cloud, so rather than hold projects waiting to decide about the cloud I think we're seeing people either move forward with cloud projects where we get the benefit or they say listen, I'm going to retrofit and upgrade my data center and modernize it because I'm not going to put that application on the cloud, so those are both secular trends that we saw through the course of the year. I think in terms of our own business, we continue to see people trying to look for data as a resource to expand business performance. So we've seen projects where in the medical sector data being used to help doctors make diagnoses faster, spend more time with the patient and similar corollaries for business effectiveness across various different verticals. And in terms of share, our performance has been very strong across all product categories and all geographies. Clearly, the focus is on the strategic products, all flash arrays, converged systems, hyper converged and cloud data services and there we are of course outpacing the market, but in aggregate that performance was balanced across all geographies, so we feel very good.
George Kurian: We certainly had a strong finish to our year. I would say that our confidence is very good heading into this fiscal year, better than it has been at any time in my tenure as the CEO. So I feel very good about our position. Is that more reflective of the broader landscape? I tend to wait to see that. I'd let other vendors report and see. I don't want to characterize my perspective as reflective of the broader landscape, but we feel very good about the projects we're getting involved in and the expansion of our business opportunities.
George Kurian: I think that network storage will always be a part of customers landscapes and there is always put and take as network speeds get better and better people can consolidate storage into shared storage environments that are network connected for manageability, efficiency and scaling and so NVMe is just another step in that path, right albeit a step-up in terms of lower latency. I think the real benefit of NVMe comes into play as really high performance storage media come into the market like storage class memories where you couple a super low latency network fabric with an even lower latency memory, but it's helpful even in today's environments. I think with regard to hyper converged, we still see that offerings like hyper converged are really allowing customers to rapidly deploy new application environments and get trying to project value much more diminished than traditional systems. We've never said that hyper converged will be all of computing and all of the storage, but there is a class of the market where a well designed modular hyper converged solution like we have which support separation of computer and storage and the addition of technologies like NVMe even into hyper converged offering with the common management plane is of real benefit to customers and there will be a part of that will always be there.
George Kurian: I would say that in terms of the theatre performance or the geographic performance it was well balanced and even across all the major geographies and it reflects two themes, one is focus on execution from an innovation and go-to-market perspective and the quality of themes that we've built together with our partner distribution models in those geographies. I think those were consistent themes. I think there are of course regional differences, I think in the Americas and in parts of the world like Australia, New Zealand our cloud story is extraordinary helpful to customers. In other countries like in Germany or certain parts of Europe, our strength in certain verticals like manufacturing or financial services is perhaps of more importance. Right? So there are different considerations for each geography when you get down into the details, but overall we feel very good. In terms of all-flash array performance, we saw strength in multiple geographies. I think the Americas clearly is the largest part of our all-flash array business like it is of our overall business and performed really well, but we did see strength in all the geographies.
George Kurian: Thank you. With regard to the competitive landscape, it's always been competitive. I think there are on any specific mix of players may shift or a period of time and the mix of transactions but it's always better competitive. I think there are on any specific transactional basis, there will be somebody who is trying to lead with price or discount heavily to keep footprint. I think what you seen from us this past quarter as you seen from us throughout the course of last year it continue to demonstrates sales discipline and extract the value of our software and increasingly the differentiation that we have in the cloud. Right, the cloud is a unique angle that we bring into transactions that make it very difficult for our traditional competitors to compete with. And I continue to see that as an opportunity to continue to differentiate us going forward, especially as our cloud data services become generally available and becomes even more of a comparative weapon for us.
George Kurian: We are in the foundational part of the year, in terms of operationalizing those cloud services. So we are entirely focused on getting those services up for commercial readiness and off the three hyper scalars we are generally available meaning in full commercial availability with AWS. We are in private preview with both Microsoft and Google, and we will provide you more details of the availability as we go through the course of the year. I think that we are very excited at the customer interest and the uptake. We have several hundred customers in these private previews well above our plan and in fact we're oversold and not taken anymore at this point which proves the relevance of the capabilities that we bring to those customers. I would say that the majority of those customers are net new to NetApp, meaning not existing customers, so we’ve seen a lot of new logos for net new workloads or net new customers to NetApp which we are excited about. And in terms of the engagement models, with regard to the partners we are readying a cloud focus partner program. We will make announcements of that at our upcoming partner conference. There will be some of our traditional partners who will have the capability to participate, but it will also require us to recruit some new partners and so we're going to focus on that this year. I'm very excited. We are already winning on-premises footprints before the commercial availability of the cloud services because of our roadmap. I'll give you an example of an all-flash array win that we had against one of our pure play competitors where the fact that the customer had a roadmap to Azure and wanted to have a solution for Dr. in Azure allowed us to win not only their future cloud business but also of their entire data center upgrade to an all-flash array. So we will get you more details and visibility as the services become more operational, but we're excited about where we are, really excited.
George Kurian: We are focused on the enterprise segment of hyper converged. Traditionally hyper converged infrastructure was sold more into a departmental environment for a single application, typically for virtual desktop infrastructure and then in some cases for non-production single purpose use cases, where a departmental owner was making the project decision. We are much more focused on the future growth of the hyper converged market which is in the enterprise as even the hyper converged vendors would tell you and in those cases our value proposition is clearly resonating. Right? The customer wins that we have had against the competition and there have been notable ones, have been about this value proposition of a modular system that scale, storage and compute efficiently and lowers the cost of over provisioned resources, licenses and simplified upgrade cycles. It allows them to run mixed workloads in customer after customer where we've beaten one of the incumbents in HCI, it is because of our ability to support production class mix workloads. So we feel very good about our positioning and the initial value prop. We are not targeting the entire hyper converged market, but a very specific large segment of it where we think we've got a winning architecture.
George Kurian: I would tell you that these large transactions are always competitive. I think the differentiation is really in software and the ability to scale-out system. I think in our situation for scale-out file systems the technology that we brought out in ONTAP 9 which is called FlexGroup gives us linear scaling and performance advantages over most of the competition and so we feel very well positioned. We have taken back several footprints from Isilon in that segment of the market and frankly they're trying to chase us now to try to scale up their solutions. With regard to [indiscernible] storage we've seen increasing momentum though it's a small business for us, we've seen increasing momentum through the course of the year. Our unique offering there is to allow customers to build a hybrid architecture that spans availability zones within your own enterprise boundary as well as some of the public hyperscalars and that is unique in the market and is allowing us to win deals against the competition. The number of competitors in objects storage continues to diminish and some of the players become pure cloud offerings or end up in unviable positions in the market.
George Kurian: Thank you everyone. It was a fantastic finish to a great year. We are well positioned to continue our momentum by enabling our customers' data driven digital transformation and addressing their biggest IT imperatives, inspiring innovation in the cloud, building clouds to accelerate new services and modernizing IT architectures with cloud connected Flash. We will continue to drive results in fiscal year ’19 by remaining focused on our transformation priorities, aligning to the high growth areas of the market and focusing on reaching more customers in more ways. Maintaining our disciplined approach to enabling investment in big opportunities by deemphasizing areas with less return potential and finally continuing to balance shareholder returns with investment in the business for long term growth. I'm really excited for fiscal year ’19. We’re entering the New Year, clearly the best position in my tenure and I am confident in our ability to achieve the goals that we laid out at our Analyst Day. Thank you for your time today and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Ron Pasek: Yes, we do see supply getting a little bit better and therefore prices leveling out and starting to go down a little bit. We're anticipating through the [indiscernible] we may see some price decrease, so we want to see those before we taken any actions.
Ron Pasek: So remember Andy, the weighting of product revenue to services revenue in Q1 is much, much higher so that weighting makes Q1 a little bit higher throughout than the rest of the year. What you're seeing from Q4 to Q1 is essentially product margins staying where they were in Q4 roughly and the benefit of the higher service revenue and higher service margin.
Ron Pasek: So, if I look at the bridge from Q3 to Q4, for product margins, most of the improvement was better sales discipline. We had a little bit of [indiscernible] FX. You also remember that we actually did quite well in the quarter. We outperformed particularly on the product revenue side and that wasn't at the expense of discounting, so we held our discounts constant and over performed revenue. The other part of your question is on Q1 with respect to just product margins specifically or I'm not going to guide it per se, but…
Ron Pasek: Yes, so we had, you saw the benefit this quarter we have most of our – except for the reduced amount of commercial paper in essentially fixed bonds. But we have our cash in short term variable rate, so we actually would as we have more cash in that, we will continue to have net interest income. That’s how you should think about it.
Ron Pasek: So [indiscernible] what I try to imply with the Q1 guide which is about 6.8% year-over-year growth is there is about 1.3 point currency tailwind helping that, which puts it back to about 5.5%, which is in line with what we indicated at Analyst Day. We have that benefit initially in the fiscal year for FX, but as you go through the years I mean great stay where they are that equalizes, so it looks like a deceleration but absent FX it's really not. We don't guide product revenue so we really can't talk through the year, but you know what's different this year about last year is we are coming out as I say no growth here into ’16, into ’17 and accelerated growth through the year, you're going to see more of a normalized growth consistent through the year, so a little different than what we're coming out of last year.
Ron Pasek: No, it was immaterial, product gross margin either from Q3 to Q4 or what I looking at into Q1 as well.
Ron Pasek: So we plan to make the plans, right? So if I look at the absolute OpEx dollars year-to-year they are actually going down now that we have that higher than expected Q4 results and therefore higher than expected compensation. There is some, so you get a reset of variable comp and then there's a little bit of headwinds due to FX on the OpEx side. All-in-all the full year is basically flat.
Ron Pasek: So thanks for the question Sherri. We continue our transformation. There are a number of different initiatives we have going forward for the next several years really and they're different across each functions. In most cases we use that to fund other investments we are wanting to make, so you don't see the results of that necessarily. Occasionally yields restructuring charges as I mentioned in the call for Q1, but it’s rather small. But we're continuing to disinvest and reinvest and that’s how we're able to hold up that’s roughly flat.
Ron Pasek: And Jim with respect to OpEx you’re right, dollars are coming down slightly and the ways you think about it and if you look at the guide of Q1 it’s up slightly year-over-year but as I said in my prepared remarks, transformation occurs throughout the year. As well as some of the compares later in the year have in FY’18 a lot of variable comps which right now we don't see, we planning for a 100% over that, so you're going to see some reductions all things meaningful later in the year just because of that.
Ron Pasek: Yes, that was a good question. It’s very, very slight and we actually talked about this at our financial Analyst Day. We talked about the build out of some of our cloud services and that would be an increase to CapEx above and beyond what you normally see that’s the only headwind to free cash flow in FY’19.
Ron Pasek: It’s a little frontend loaded in the front half of the year, so you should see that equalize as the year goes on.
Ron Pasek: So, as we indicated as our financial Analyst Day, I’m not really giving any timeline. We'll give you the details after the fact, so if we do a repurchase in Q1 we will certainly tell you about that, but we’re not going to telegraph the timing.
Ron Pasek: No, again in total I’m only guiding the total gross margin, so no benefit. When we report you should see as I indicated at Analyst Day, you would see product margins slightly higher and services margins slight lower partly because of the allocation methodology. So again, I’m not guiding at that level but I did indicate that at financial Analyst Day.
Ron Pasek: We did do better than we thought in Q4. I wouldn’t say we drained the pipeline, still we could see in Q1 year-over-year is a - even it’s after currency it is 5.5% growth, so we’re happy with that. And you know as George indicated there is - we want to make sure we give numbers that we can, we know we can meet or beat, so there is some general conservatism.
