Ron Pasek: Thanks George. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers today. Also please note that year-over-year compares are against a 14-week quarter we had in Q1 of fiscal 2016. With that let’s get started. We executed well in the first quarter and overall are pleased with our results. Q1 net revenues of $1.29 billion declined approximately 3% year-over-year and were within our guidance range. Excluding the approximate $40 million benefit to software maintenance and hardware maintenance and other services revenue from the 14th week we had in Q1 of last year, net revenues were roughly flat year-over-year. Product revenue was $660 million and for the first time in several quarters was essentially flat on a year-over-year basis. As we’ve discussed, we expect the growth of our strategic solutions to improve our overall product revenue growth trajectory over the course of fiscal 2017. Though we still have a lot of work to do, the product revenue results are good indication of the progress we’re making here. The combination of software maintenance and hardware maintenance and other services revenue of $634 million, were down approximately 6% year-over-year due to the extra week in Q1 fiscal 2016. Gross margin was 62.4% and within our guidance range. Product gross margin of 46.7% was flat sequentially. Although product gross margin remains below where we'd ultimately like it to be, we feel good about the stabilization. On a year-over-year basis, product gross margin was down about 4.5 points. Software maintenance gross margin was relatively flat year-over-year, while hardware maintenance and other services gross margin increased just under 4 points year-over-year. Operating expenses of $652 million decreased 13% year-over-year. This decline reflects the early results of our transformation efforts, as well as the benefit of the return to a typical 13-week quarter, partially offset by SolidFire. Operating margin of 12.1% was above our previous guidance range. As I discussed on our last earnings call, aligning our cost structure with the opportunities in front of us is my top priority and completely within our control. Although, we have made progress on this front, we will continue to take additional steps throughout the year to permanently lower our cost structure including, but not limited to headcount reductions and continue to drive greater efficiencies across the business. We will continue to communicate specifics as these savings are realized. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.6%. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 282 million. EPS of $0.46 was $0.07 over the high-end of our prior guidance range, reflecting lower operating expenses, higher revenue and a benefit of our share repurchases. Our cash and balance sheet metrics remain healthy. We closed Q1 with $4.4 billion in cash in short-term investments with approximately 13% held by our domestic entities. We repaid the SolidFire loan in the first quarter of global profits. We remain deeply committed to completing by the end of May 2018, the remaining balance of our share repurchase program that we announced in February 2015. In Q1 we repurchased $175 million of our stock, and paid approximately $53 million in cash dividends. Today we also announced our next cash dividend of $0.19 per share, which will be paid on October 26, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business October 7, 2016. Deferred and finance unearned services revenue was up 8% year-over-year. Inventory turns increased to 24 and DSO was 35 days. Q1 cash flow from operations was approximately $228 million versus $129 million in Q1 a year ago. We generated strong free cash flow of $192 million in the quarter. Representing about 15% of net revenues, free cash flow grew over 100% year-over-year. Now to guidance, as George discussed we are aggressively pivoting to the growth areas of the market while at the same time transforming the Company in order to streamline the business, drive greater efficiency and rapidly address the changing market. As we've outlined today, we executed well against our plans in Q1 and are encouraged by the early signs of progress that we're seeing. While we still have a lot of work to do, we remain confident in our ability to continue to execute against the plans we outlined for fiscal 2017 on our prior earnings call. For Q2, we expect net revenues to range between $1.265 billion and $1.415 billion, which at the mid-point implies a sequential increase of 4% and 7% decrease year-over-year and a difficult compare. We expect Q2 consolidated gross margins of approximately 62% to 63% and operating margins of approximately 13% to 14%. And finally we expect earnings per share for the second quarter to range from approximately $0.51 to $0.56 per share. With that I'll hand it back to Kris to open the call for Q&A.
Ron Pasek: I think I'd remind you what I last quarter as well. Discounting is a function of what we're seeing in the marketplace plus product promotions we're running and so we're still doing some of those but deemphasizing certain ones and emphasizing others.
Ron Pasek: Sure Jim. So yeah, with respect to G&A, this is early part of the work we've talked to you about relating to transformation, both in really all the support functions and then some of the line organizations as well. So it is -- some of it did happen a little quicker than we thought and will continue throughout Q2, maybe at not the same levels, but it is a permanent reduction to the levels of G&A and part of our strategy.
Ron Pasek: I'll just add that what you're describing is a way that our customers can't consume our products and we're well aware of the change. It is a very small piece of our business, not material at this point but it's something we do want to accommodate.
Ron Pasek: What I described last quarter were two promotions which are still running. One was on flash and one was on cDOT. Some of those are running at a course, not needed as much anymore. We're looking at additional promotions that I don't want to talk discreetly, they tend to be really important to us at a given time. That's really a function of what's going on in the marketplace.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So the priorities are very, very clear. We’re prioritizing the share repurchase. We’re on track to make the commitment to be done by May of 2018 on the $2 billion that we outlined. Also the dividend, continue to pay and hopefully we’ll see the dividend. To a far lesser extent, you’ll see us being inquisitive. There are some things out there that we might be interested and they’re not pretty big. There tend to be small IP based acquisitions, but that’s how we think of the capital allocation strategy.
Ron Pasek: Yes. It's mainly -- as you said the cost structure, certainly operating expenses. You should expect to see us make the commitment of, essentially on a run rate basis of being $130 million net lower as we exit at Q4 ’17 from Q3 ’16. That is a combination of OpEx mostly and to some extent, COGS. Those are the big efforts we’re making to improve the bottom line to your point, assuming maybe we don’t see top line growth. So the assumption is we'll [indiscernible] margin for the year is 15% to 17% and that's with SolidFire in there. And then what I said was we expect to be around 18% in FY '18 with SolidFire.
Ron Pasek: Yes, sure, it was a comment made certainly before I got here. It's the type of thing our long-term investors want to see. I think of the dividend as something we give people regardless of what's going on. And some investors really to see pay only dividend some months as to only do repurchase. So we do a combination of both and keep both happy. I think your question is good, but at the same time we made the commitment. We're going to follow through on the commitment.
Ron Pasek: Yes, you are right. We came in lower than I thought we would in Q1 and so there is a very slight increase to OpEx in Q2 if you the midpoint. As I try to intimate, the cost reductions always come very smoothly. There are other things we spend money on that cause little blips through the quarters. However, in general I think as we exist the rest of the year, you should see the OpEx continue to come down through Q3 and into Q4.
George Kurian: First of all, I'd just say that we're pleased with the progress on cDOT penetration of our install base and new customers. I think when you think about our install base, it's a very large install base that we've built up over 20 years and its growing and so the percentage of systems that we represent is a very large number. The cDOT conversions are lumpy. They go up and down. The pace at which they move are tied to customers' IT spending and their readiness for conversion. In aggregate you're seeing us continue to progress the conversion of the install base. I would just say that I would not -- we're planning the business around any particular quarter-on-quarter model. I think in aggregate we're pleased with the progress and we continue to want to get our customers over the clustered ONTAP and you're seeing that. In terms of gross margins, I think a couple of things. The first is the value proposition of All Flash FAS clustered ONTAP are showing up in the differentiation and customer acquisition and the shipments that we are delivering to customers. The gross margin model that we showed last quarter to this quarter has stayed stable and the market remains competitive, but we differentiated technology in the market as well as we outlined in our cost focus, we continue to do work in the supply chain on both of cost of goods sold as well the operating structure of the Company to support that model.
George Kurian: The install base is growing. That's correct Simona. It's a very large number and it's growing. I think in terms of the services business, the first thing I'd just tell you is the year-over-year compare was from a 14-week quarter last year to a 13-week quarter this year, and if you adjust for that, the services business is essentially flat. If you look at our deferred revenue, it shows strength reflecting the nature of the long-term contracts that we have with customers, as well as the strategic value and the business criticality of our solutions.
George Kurian: First of all, the progress we've seen this quarter reflects -- the biggest part of it reflects continued success with All-Flash FAS. We've been encouraged by the progress with SolidFire as well, with new customer acquisitions led by the NetApp sales team. But as we had outlined in prior statements, SolidFire today is immaterial to the revenue. It's consistent with the plan that we've laid out for you, and we're encouraged by the early signs of progress. In terms of the All-Flash Array market, I think what we see is that the larger system vendors who have now integrated All-Flash offerings as part of their enterprise grade storage and models continue to get the lion's share of enterprise storage footprints. I think the progress we've made with our All-Flash arrays reflects the differentiation of our clustering technology, the storage efficiency, the performance and reliability of our offerings. And so we feel very, very good about where we are.
George Kurian: Thanks Katy. We are encouraged by the progress with U.S. public sector. I'll just tell you there was no specific pattern that we noticed. We also continue to monitor the U.S. public sector spending patterns as we head into the November election season. So we feel good about our position in the market, the competitiveness for offerings as well as progress we're making with some of the agencies, but we'll continue to monitor the sector as we head into the November season.
George Kurian: With regard to Brexit, I think both in terms of the commercial impact as well as the FX impact to our business, they were immaterial this past quarter. It's too early to tell. And so we monitor in discussions with our large customers but we didn't see anything material to our business.
George Kurian: There is no material difference between strategic and mature in terms of product gross margin. In terms of our overall gross margin, as we said, as part of our focus on cost management, we continue to take a hard look at every category cost of goods sold, as well as the cost of goods on the services side. And so we continue to work to maintain our gross margins in aggregate in the ranges that we've guided to.
George Kurian: So question as strategic revenue grew 24% in Q1 and we feel that we are encouraged by that growth rate year-on-year. It was 14% in Q4 year-on-year. So we feel good about the process in the strategic solutions. As I said, we think that as the mature solutions become a smaller percentage of our business, they become less of a headwind in terms of overall revenue growth. And our plan is to get product revenue back to growth at some point this year.
George Kurian: Let me take that from a customer perspective, and then Ron can comment on the financial implications. First of all, from a customer perspective, we think that the value of differentiated storage and data management capabilities as we’ve always said is software and we have among the best storage and data management platforms in the industry without question for traditional enterprise with Clustered ONTAP and for web scale enterprise with SolidFire. So we feel very good about our position in those markets. The software value of those products protect and differentiate gross margin. ONTAP select is an offering that we’ve made available to customers, who have the engineering capability to integrate software with systems for specific deployments. I think the range of customers who have that level of engineering capability is small. And so we think that the preponderant majority of our business will continue to say integrated systems. With regard to SolidFire's FlashForward licensing model, it essentially allows customers to simply procurement of software so that they can build the pool of storage that is enterprise wide and then buy hardware as they need it and integrate it under that software umbrella. Typically, what we have seen with that type of model is that it allows us to get larger footprint sooner in customers as they standardize on SolidFire for a broad range of use cases.
George Kurian: So, yes, we benefitted from a huge improvement quarter-to-quarter which is seasonal in DSO. We had a relatively back end loaded quarter in Q4, which had an artificially high effect on DSO. That came back into the norm. It's still -- at 35 it's still five days higher than it was at Q1 a year ago. The other huge benefit to cash conversion was a really low inventory, probably historically low inventory. That's a little bit of an anomaly. It's probably too low. You shouldn't expect that level going forward but it should be an improvement from the prior year. We continue to focus on working capital. It's one of the parts of our transformation efforts. Keenly aware of it. So it is not an accident that these things happen, and we're going to continue to drive it.
George Kurian: And broad breaststrokes, as we accelerate certain accelerates certain strategic technologies to market, we pivot our focus there with promotions and other things for a period of time, and we brought down on the pieces that are more mature or well penetrated. And I would just continue to think about that as part of our ongoing portfolio management.
George Kurian: So, mature is essentially the OEM products that include E-Series and are legacy FAS OEM products, 7-Mode systems and add-on hardware. Add-on hardware is equipment that is purchased after an initial configured system sale, for example add-on storage. The strategic solutions include our clustered data ONTAP operating systems, All Flash Arrays the branded E series OnCommand Insight, SolidFire and some of our hybrid cloud solutions. There are customers who are adding on to some of their 7-Mode environments for purposes of business continuity, for purposes of this is an application that I don’t want to migrate to clustered ONTAP, because it's an IT area that they're no longer investing or they feel that their current environment is good and so you see people continuing to add-on in small numbers systems and add-on storage to their 7-Mode footprint. The majority of customers that are deploying new configurations as represented by the percentage of shipments out the door are deploying clustered ONTAP configuration.
George Kurian: The EF series is focused on a much smaller range of used cases, primarily the performance oriented segment of the market where customers want industry leading performance for specific dedicated environments like databases. All Flash FAS represents the focus for the broadest range of customers who are looking at replacing disk based solutions for general purpose storage environments with All Flash configurations. And SolidFire uses flash based technology to build web scale cloud designs for customers, people that want to replicate what Amazon or Google or Facebook have deployed in their datacenters in their own environments. And so those are three pieces. We think that All Flash FAS and SolidFire will be the majority of the business going forward.
George Kurian: Well, first of all, let me say that from a technology perspective, we feel very, very good, we have taken flagship customers from both EMC and HP this past quarter as with our All Flash technology, and we feel that as customers look to build All Flash data centers, we've got a technological lead that is very strong and the road map of both All Flash and hybrid cloud solutions from us is resonating with customers. Every transaction is competitive. And so to the extent that we are displacing competitors in large accounts, these are highly competitive transactions. We think that that nature of competitive dynamic will continue. And so what we're doing on our side is both building differentiated capacities in software as well as dealing with the cost structure of the company, both in COGS and OpEx to allow us to compete effectively in the market.
George Kurian: We have a new leader of our go to market organization, Henri Richard, who is focused on accelerating our penetration and returning product revenue to growth, but the indirect channel is an important strategic asset to NetApp. We work closely with our channel to help them accelerate capabilities into the market for our All-Flash Arrays for cluster data ONTAP as well as for SolidFire. We also had a strong quarter on the OEM side, which is reflected in both the mix of mature as well as the mix of indirect channel. And so we're going to continue to focus on the right mix of direct and indirect and the channels are really important part of our go to market model.
George Kurian: OEM is down substantially from years past; it is still dependent on the business of our end customers. But to the extent that there is material seasonality to that business, it's a smaller percentage of our business this year than it was in the past. I'll just leave it there.
George Kurian: Yes, you should continue to see that decline throughout the remainder of this year and probably into next year. It won't go to zero, but the decline will slow as the year progresses and we go into FY 2018.
George Kurian: We don't break out the adoption rates by geography. I think in general, we are pleased with the progress of cluster data ONTAP across all our geographies. The largest footprint of our installed base is clearly in North America. And so if you look at the remaining footprint, just because of the size of the footprint, we still have a large number of systems to convert, which we see as opportunity for us to do so over the next few quarters. In terms of the mix of all flash and hybrid, our guidance to our field is to sell the best value solution under the clustered ONTAP umbrella, whether -- a customer wants flash, we sell them flash. If they say I want to continue to do hybrid, we'll sell them hybrid. Our overall goal is to sell our clustered operating system and clustered systems to the broadest range of customers. The all flash systems are growing at a faster rate than hybrid. I’ll just leave it there.
George Kurian: Yes. What I tried intimate on my prepared remarks was that we’re not happy with where it. I'd like to see it grow. But to some extent, we can do certain things on the cost side, the offering side, the mix side. But to some extent, it’s a function of the competitive environment. So although, I'd like to have it grow, I can’t tell you for sure that it’s going to happen. You’re right. It's historically at a very low level. It puts pressure on the business model. I’d like to see it’s higher, but I also want to be competitive.
George Kurian: No, I really don’t think you should assume that there is a huge difference in product margin Pre flash and traditional storage. So that’s not what’s going here at all. This is really just a function of the competitive environment.
George Kurian: We’re focused on bringing SolidFire to the broadest range of our customers through our broadest set of go-to-market partners. We’re pleased with the initial progress. But we have a lot of work to do and so we’re going to see focused on it.
George Kurian: The quarter came in line with expectations, and in line with historical linearity. I would say that the macro continues to be uncertain. I don't think that we've seen a fundamental shift in the macro environment. I would say that solid-state storage is clearly seeing interest because of the really quick return on investment, the substantially better total cost of ownership and so people are prioritizing that potentially within their spend envelope. But I think overall from a macro perspective, it's still relatively choppy.
George Kurian: I think first of all, we've laid out our plan for the Company, which include driving the strategic solutions to growth. We've said that the mature solutions will become less of a headwind and that is playing out and the quarter is the representation of that playing out. We've optimized the cost structure to continue to deliver favorable set of both free cash flow and operating cash flow metrics that in turn gives us increased confidence that we can support the capital allocation program that we've laid out. We've laid out a capital allocation program that includes dividends, share buybacks and the investment of capitals for strategic activities and we remain committed to that.
George Kurian: We are pleased with our Q1 results and the clear progress we're making with our strategic solutions, but we still have more work ahead of us, and we remain focused on disciplined execution of our strategy. We're committed to the fundamental change that we outlined with the three key priorities. Let me remind you of them once again. The first one is to pivot to the faster growing parts of a market and align ourselves closely with our customers, business and IT transformation priorities with our focus on the strategic solutions portfolio. The second is to reduce cost by streamlining and improving the efficiency for our business. The third is to support and continue with the robust capital allocation plan that we have, that includes shareholder returns and investment for the long-term growth of the business. We brought a lot of innovation to the market in Q1. You can expect to see even more exciting innovations this year, some of which we'll showcase at our Insight User Conference next month. I look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Thank you.
