Thomas Georgens: I think that we don't see anything in the horizon that you don't read about in the papers everyday. I think that it clearly concerns about Europe. We have Wall Street Journal this week, talk about the potential of the double dip, and I think all of those are out there. And I'm not going to handicap the likelihood of them, but I think we need to be aware of them. As far as what we're hearing from Europe, I think there's two components of the story. Number one is I don't see anybody backing away from the number even in dollar terms. On the other hand, it's still early in the quarter and we'll see how that plays out. But I think the big thing about Europe is, while we have some strong presence in a number of countries, we also have very, very small presence in a bunch of others that represent significant growth and share opportunities for us. In economies where we have very little market share, the macro doesn't really matter that much, and that's kind of my message to them and if they had a message to me. But right now, I think everybody's reading the headlines, but people are still bullish about the business and ability to gain share. And the customers that we talked to that are going to drive the number are still relatively positive. So I think Europe is really two components. One is the local currency conversion, and where we're going to go from $1.22 to $1.23, I don't think anybody knows, and that's clearly our estimates of that that's factored into our guidance. And the other one is will actually be a reduction of demand. And I think in the latter category, at this point in time, we're not seeing that yet.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think that's the only way you get there. I don't believe that gross margins are going to be particularly volatile over the course of the year, so I think we're going to do that. And sales remain robust. Certainly, we've had accelerating sales growth as the years has gone on and I think even if they stay around this level. We're not holding back on the spending side. We're investing heavily in engineering. We're investing heavily in sales. As obviously in the other parts of the business, we need to invest in the scale. But there's a limit to how much we can do that. And as long as revenue remains at this kind of growth rate, that's what's enabling us to stay at our operating margin now for three quarters going on four above our historical level. So I think that is not a fundamental change in philosophy here. I just think that the sales and the gross margins have been particularly robust over sustained period of time.
Thomas Georgens: Wamsi, as far as IBM is concerned, a couple of interesting things at play is the growth numbers of the business measured in net quarterly boundaries are actually something we would've liked to have highlighted. But to some, it's a little bit of timing and we'll see where it goes. The other thing is we're coming off the quarter that wrapped around their Q4, which is the traditional quarter weight of the highest percentage of our revenue.
Thomas Georgens: But clearly not at the rate of the broader NetApp. As far as IBM is concerned, I think that they're still very, very important to us. There is no doubt that they've got a set of products that are internally developed, and I think all else being equal, they would prefer to sell those. I think there's economic reasons and customer account control reasons why they'd want to do that. We certainly see that going on. On the other hand, with our growth is tremendous demand for our products in the market. And when we collaborate them or out sell into big accounts, so we've got common partners. What is customer's specific demand for our product, I think that moved ahead with it. The big picture the way we see IBM is there's going to be a classic customers that are going to value the integration of all the technologies together. And in that particular case, for the customers to add value integration over individual functionality of every level of the stack, notice that the reach outside customer's partners like IBM are going to matter and therefore, they remain strategic for us. On the other hand, I think that when customers gain an integration, they lose investor breed. And in that regard, clearly, that's going to be a key part of our sell emotion as well, so I think IBM for the customers that are looking for integrated solutions are going to be very, very important. Our observation more generally around IBM is that, I think, clearly, they would like to position their own products where they can. However, the customer facing component of IBM, the people they have to deal with customers everyday and after offer up solutions for virtualization, that's probably where the support for NetApp is coming. Clearly, as a percentage of our revenue, is real money, as a real part of that business. And I think they would sell their own product if they could. But there's a lot of customer demand for our product and that continues to exist and that continues to grow. So all in all, I think obviously, there's various complexity. I'm not going to deny it. I think that we will never be satisfied with the positioning of the product. On the other hand, I think we add value in the core strategic areas that are point of emphasis for IBM around cloud computing, and in those areas, we continue to engage very productively.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, the V-series remains very, very robust. And one kind of little idiosyncrasy about the V-series business, which I think is the essence of your question, is over time, a lot of the V-series business converts into conventional system sales. So in some cases, their business age is off. So in order to maintain this growth rate, they need to continue to get new parts of the new customers. Because of two, three, four years down the pipe, that actually convert to standard customers that are not V-series accounts anymore. And in fact, they had one account. I remember, when I joined the company, that was about 20% of the V-series business. In fact, there was -- at that time, I think our largest SAN installation in the world, that it was V-series. And about a year ago, they actually converted over to buying our standard products. So your point is well taken. When we move into account and retail the NetApp store year around, storage efficiency and integration with apps and unify data protection and all of the things that we can do, that's where the -- could be intrigued by that. But they're not in a position, generally, to rip out everything that they've got and replace it. It's just not economically viable, the private accounting won't handle it. So this is a way to introduce our technology into our customer. They could standardize on our software base, which is where our true value ad lives. And we can bring value to the infrastructure they already have. But make no mistake, our long term goal is ultimately to replace that infrastructure, and that's what's going on. So I think that's playing out exactly as we said. So the growth of that business is despite the fact that a lot of the biggest, most successful accounts are in fact converting to our standard product. So extremely pleased with V-series, it's been a key component of us entering new accounts, particularly in the Storage 5000, and it will remain so. And it's exciting to see the product so robust. So when we look at the V-series, it isn't only about V-series revenue, it's really about new accounts opened with V-series because clearly, it's a very, very compelling and easy entry point for our customers.
Thomas Georgens: I don't think we have a target per se. I think what's driving that is a recognition that, as we think about the Storage 5000 and we think about the mid-sized enterprise business, it's how much of that opportunity is still uncovered. A couple of years ago, we started doing this Storage 5000, we realized just how concentrated we were. And we've uncovered or we've executed on a bunch of plans, both in terms of refreshing in the product offerings, incentives for the channel, training for the channel, turning over a lot of our professional services to this channel, bundling, things like that to drive velocity has really expanded our Channel business at the low end. I think in the rest of the business, work with the systems integrators and our OEMs has been very, very successful. So I don't think we're staring at a number saying, "Someday, we want to get to 85%." I think of more -- probably though a more accurate characterization would be NetApp is trying to grow this business at a high rate. We need to expand our coverage model. And the most cost effective way of doing that is through the channel, and we're making those investments. And I think it's a big part of our growth.
Thomas Georgens: I would like to add to that, Steve, that you have to be careful of historical seasonality. In history, the deferred level in our revenues was roughly 20%.
Thomas Georgens: I think, long term, I don't think that our fundamental position has changed. I think we're in a situation now where the revenue at gross margin has been sufficiently robust to support a higher number. Probably, more generally though is, we went through a period whereas the product revenue dropped down. The components coming off the balance sheet, which are higher margin were higher and we're holding up the gross margin. I think that the longer-term question is, as products become more stabilized and our bigger percentage of our revenue going forward, that put some downward pressure over time on the gross margin. And so our options were that we choose to invest today to basically stay at 16% today and that at much, much higher rate. And then as the margins come down lower on that's been. And our feeling was at this particular time, we're investing as fast as we can prudently invest. And that's producing with a high gross margin umbrella, that's actually producing high operating margin. But I think in the long-run, we're probably do expect. In the long run, I don't know how long the long run is. I gave guidance for this year. I would think that sometime beyond that, we'll start to see prior movement back towards 16%. But for the forseeable future, as long as the business holds up, I think we're going to stay in the range where we at now.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, on the broader question of M&A, we just closed one just a couple of weeks ago. And I think the M&A will fall into really two categories: One of them is technology that we'd like to integrate as part of our portfolio, that's clearly where the acquisition we just did with Bycast. I'm actually quite excited about that in terms of the emerging space of content repositories and, particularly, the vertical that they staked out in healthcare. So I think we'll continue to do that, the long-term objective of that technology is actually to embedded in our core offering. Once again, unifying storage around content repositories with everything else that we do. I think beyond the tuck-ins, I think we also are open to other types of transactions. I think the key criteria that we would look to evaluate them is something that's not too far afield. Something that is going to have leverage of our own sales force, something our own sales force could sell or something that have in our portfolio that by virtue of having it, we'll actually accelerate the sales of our existing products. So from an acquisition perspective, I think that -- last summer, there was a lot of speculation. You could net outgrow without acquiring, I think we've proven that one. But I think as we go forward, I think there's still adjacent markets that we think we can exploit. But the adjacency and the cross leverage is going to be a key component of any choice that we make, and that's how we're looking at it. So tuck-ins, I expect to do more of them. Larger transactions, we may or may not do them. But really, the leverage is going to be the key criteria.
Thomas Georgens: I mean, what we're doing over there is really about gaining share. So the macro environment. We got pipeline. We're executing it for pipeline. We're closing deals. And until such time as they actually see the pipeline disappear or the deals be unable to close, that I don't think we're particularly along to that where we are at Europe. So I think, so far, we haven't seen that. We had really, really strong momentum there last quarter. Our Q1 of the quarter we're going into is traditionally soft quarter for them. They're historically strong in our Q3. Usually, that's their biggest quarter of the year. Although, they actually did quite well in Q4 as well, which is a bit of an anomaly. So I think they have momentum, the headlines are not great and I think they're going to come down somewhere between those two extremes. But so far, I don't see them talking about weakness in the pipeline or inability to close deals. And we'll see how that plays out over time.
Thomas Georgens: I don't know if I'd buy the flat argument. I mean, even in this quarter, it was up 19% or so year-over-year, if you check my number. But there's no doubt that the indirect is growing faster than direct. There's no doubt about that. And the other thing that we are to bear in mind is that a lot of our people are very, very actively engaged with a lot of the indirect accounts. Our Federal business, which is one of the strongest businesses we have as a company is almost all indirect. Yet, we're involved with a lot of those transactions directly with the end user, directly with the integrators, directly to the resellers. I wouldn't make indirect synonymous with no touch. I'm including the work we're doing [indiscernible] with Avnet, less of that business is touched by NetApp. But as you go upstream, it's a larger deals, even with those guys with our major resellers or with our systems integrators. There's still a fair amount of touch associated with it. For a lot of reasons, customers will buy indirect because they may already have purchasing agreements and contracts in place, and things or alike. So I think that frankly, our challenge is to get more of no-touch business into the company. But we're trying to make more and more of our partners self-sufficient. So I think that's a big part of it as well. But the simple fact of the matter is, there are a lot of customers that we're just not going to get to it with our own direct sales force, so we need to have the leverage and the coverage of the indirect players. As far as our big direct accounts are clearly, we saw a bounce back over the last six months there, certainly from where they were a year prior. So I think we just seen a bounce back there as well. And the number, actually, in this past quarter was -- the Direct business was up 19% year-over-year or up 33% overall. So our Indirect business, you can do the math, it was the majority of it was higher. So I had to probably use a 40 plus percent range, actually it was 40%.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think all those are factors. I think pricing is probably the most benign. I'll admit that it's not as easy to negotiate price reductions when your begging people for parts. But for the most part, I don't think that component pricing was the serious factor in the overall margin picture. As far as scale, we also did our record number of big accounts as well. And in those particular scenarios, discounting becomes a bit more competitive. So I think all in all, we have a portfolio of business. We're trying to manage the portfolio to a guide point. But I think overall, the component pricing is probably the least impactful in terms of our margin picture, and more of it is just individual business dynamics. And the other thing is, the luxury of scale and the margin tailwind that gives us allow us to be more aggressive elsewhere to win deals very aggressively where we need to.
Thomas Georgens: In terms of the youth cases, virtual desktop is clearly hot and probably one of the areas where we probably at the highest win rate. I think the integration of our technology in terms of dramatically reducing the cost receipt is really, really impactful. And it's a difference between customers making the choice to move ahead or not move ahead. I think we're also seeing in our larger accounts, I think we've earned the right to complete more broadly for businesses and other projects or opportunities in other projects. And I think, particularly now, as I think about the internal cloud or the private cloud or the shared infrastructure, whatever you want to call it. I think maybe four or five years ago, we're probably not considered for those. So we're included being considered for those now. So in the big accounts, I think we're competing more broadly beyond our historical, where we have previously been relegated. I think that a lot more of the opportunity in those accounts has opened to us. In terms of new account acquisition, one of the things that was particularly notable this quarter is the amount of first time transactions over $500,000. And that's the sign is -- yes, I always tell people kind of the history of the NetApp sales call is that we give people, we've help people of valued proposition. Customer say, I don't use that from the competition. I'm not so sure you could do it. And we have some, just give us the project to prove it. And that we either prove it or we don't prove it. More often than not we do, and then we grow. I think, in a lot of cases, we've moved to a point where we're being recognized as an innovation leader around some of these new technologies, and people were making bigger bets with us when their first engaged with NetApp.
Thomas Georgens: So first of all, as part as the systems integrators go. Yes, that is the big part of our approach. The key to the systems integrators is, at this point, in the evolution of those relationships, is more about getting designed into the practices and the product offerings that they are, in turn, delivering. So if their going to build the practice area around SAP deployment, so around virtual desktop or around Oracle. We want to be an integral part of that. So while we're clearly working together on deals and we acutally measure revenue that we did through our systems integrator, then that's working out fine. At this point, what seems more keen interest is their practive development. And so they've got more components or their arsenal where they're bidding NetApp everyday at a very, very high solution level and a much more strategic. So we're quite pleased with the rollout there. And the service providers, in some ways, that's somewhat similar because a lot of them are making important infrastructure choices about how they're going to structure their competitive offerings to their market. So I'd say that the market is somewhat uneven. In Europe, I'd say the progress of the service providers as a significant provider in the market. It's far more mature than in the United States. So as I look at British Telecom, they've built a cloud offering around NetApp. I look at some of the other players over there. But the most -- probably the biggest one that we talk about is T-Systems. The T-Systems has proven to be a very, very successful service provider in Europe. They've built their own platform that they migrate applications too. That application has put those platform as built on NetApp, and they had just a phenomenal year with us, a substantial amount of business in Europe and they're growing they're very, very rapidly. And clearly, I think that's probably the most successful story in Europe of any service provider. In the U.S., I think the model is somewhat different. Either telcos aren't quite as engaged just yet. There's a lot of intermediate-type companies with a lot of promise, but they're not the big name brands. And I think your familiar with a lot of those. One of them terra markets sought out to build a niche. Commercial business put they built the niche at around federal. We had this CIO of the federal government talking about not building any more data centers. They're looking to go to the cloud, terra markets trying to do that. They've built to practice in that area around NetApp. So the service providers and the systems integrators, I think, is progressing well. I think we're still on the design in phase, although, a couple of those are generating substantial revenue for us. But right now, I think we're quite pleased with the progress and we'll see how that's going to play out. Clearly, there's going to be some winners and losers and we'll probably invest in some losers along the way. But I think key systems is clearly a winner, and they had standardized on us. And I think we have some other winners on the way.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you again, roughly a quarter from now. And I look forward to answering all of your questions yet again. Thank you very much for your interest in NetApp, and thanks again to the employees of NetApp that made all of this quarter's results possible.
Steve Gomo: Brian, Steve here. So couple things, first, you'll notice that the guidance in revenue, revenues are not rolling off probably as much as had been anticipated they would. Probably more importantly is gross margins are going to remain fairly strong. In fact, they're not going to change a whole lot from the fourth quarter. It'd be down slightly but not much. Operating expenses are going to fall primarily because we had so much acceleration of our incentive compensation program and our commissions in the fourth quarter. So when you add those three things up, revenue's at a relatively stable level, at least compared with past years. Gross margins that are going to stay firm and the reduction in expenses, that's how you're able to protect that operating margin.
Steve Gomo: Yes, Mark, I kind of bristled a little bit at the midrange and the high end. I think that there is a storage market, and there are different kinds of product, different size of products with different needs within that market. And I think that we're winning in storage in general. I just don't think that "midrange" has substantially different dynamics than what you recall the high end. And in fact, if you look at the numbers, we have a remarkably strong quarter at the very, very high end in terms of the unit shift. So I think all in all, the business is robust. Customers buy different types of products for different things. Certainly, we saw a year ago, when customers were not that focused on building an excess capacity or future headroom, they will try to just get by with a minimum they could. And clearly, that was skewing the demands towards the smallest machines they can possibly buy to keep the business running. I think now, I think people have a little bit more view towards the future. But what I think about our 3,000 sales and our 6,000 sales, I really don't think that they're separate dynamics driving both of those. I think that there maybe individual customer dynamics from time to time. But overall, I consider those two markets homogeneous.
Steve Gomo: Well, I think first and foremost, I think unified storage is a big deal. And I would expect to hear a lot more from the competition this year or on forward about that. If you think about what customers are trying to do with their server infrastructure, they're trying to build a broad homogeneous shared infrastructure that's capable of running multiple apps. From the storage side, if I would do the same thing and if they're going to try and build a shared infrastructure that's got different solutions for the low end and the high end, from SAN [storage area network] and for NAS [network-attached storage], for the PC entire purpose and the economic model to shared infrastructure. So I think that multi-protocol is absolutely an essential component of the shared infrastructure going forward. And in fact, if you look at what we sell in virtualization, the amount of unified product we have is very high. It's about 80% of products for multiple protocols. But I think point number one is I think that any product that does not have multiple protocol capability is eventually approaching obsolescence, and it's going to be at best and niche or legacy product and it applies to other products from the vendor you mentioned. As far as the EMC's entry into the space, I mean, we've been doing this since 2002. Certainly, we've learned a few things along the way. I'm sure they have learned a few things from us. And when this product ultimately emerges, I think we'll know more about it, how well unified it really is or is it really just two things in one box. Time will tell, and I don't want to speculate about what they actually offer. By the end of the day, I expect them to have a product, and we'll meet them in the market and we'll see how it shakes out. But the big question, unified storage should be a requirement for every customer buying storage today, and a single-protocol box, I think will be hard to defend in terms of future price protection and future architecture protection.
Steve Gomo: Maynard, Steve here. Yes, we have inventory designated for a shipment leftover every quarter. Revenue recognition rules are very complex. And if we can't recognize the revenue, basically we reverse the shipment transaction and things appear to be back in inventory. We have a large amount at the end of last quarter -- the third quarter. They have a similar amount this quarter relative to the revenue level. And we expect to have some at the end of the first quarter, and about the same level relative to the revenue level. But there's nothing, other than that, going on. With respect to the inventory purchases we're making, we have experienced these spot shortages apart. And they create havoc for us because a single part can hold up an entire shipment sale. So basically what we've done here is forward provision, that they will buy in advance a whole bunch of critical product parts that come in at various levels of inventory, whether it's raw material or WIP [Work in Progress] or FGI [Finished Goods Inventory]. The nick cartridges [ph] would come in with FGI. And basically, we pull those forward. We put them in inventory now, so the inventory level step up. But it basically protect us and gives us more confidence in our revenue levels going forward. And all of that has been factored into the guidance. But [indiscernible] I answer that is I never imagined in a hundred years, I'd be talking about volcanoes on this call, but the volcano eruption was not exactly at a favorable time in our quarter. It wasn't in the last week, but it was close in our supply chain into our European manufacturing, primarily M&As in the Far East. So I think from our perspective, is this situation is probably not going to go away overnight. And I think we want to be a little bit more careful about forward provisioning some materials, so that we could tolerate at this some type of disruption in a supply chain to that regard. So at the very least, I don't want to use volcanoes. The worst thing I could do is -- I should say, the only thing worse than inventory on volcanoes is blaming the revenue mix on volcanoes. But I think the operations team did a great job of overcoming now at the spot shortages, but the disruptions and the transportation. And I think that we ultimately fulfilled what we were going to fulfill this quarter. And I don't believe that there was any arbitrary hold up or revenue as a result of these disruptions.
Steve Gomo: You bet, Keith. So the bottom line is, that you're not going to see a great deal of growth in the services and SEM [software entitlements and maintenance] lines sequentially into the first quarter. We're going through a transition there. We're in the process of building deferred revenues. The revenues that are coming off the balance sheet are coming off, and mostly represent a period when the company was growing much slower. So you're going to see a relatively flat sequential growth on those items. Products however, aren't so ever are doing, as we mentioned, are doing very, very well sequentially. And even as we move into the first quarter, they're the ones that are causing the decline, right? But nonetheless, compared to any other first quarter, it's extremely robust. And right now, the story of NetApp is the story of our product sales. Yes, I think that historical seasonality discussion in this environment, I think it might be hard to draw historical comparisons. I think that the market is not on a straight line. So I don't think did this is a normal year. We can argue with the second half is going to go. But I think right now, some of traditional seasonality components, I think, are not going to be what they were historically, both positive and negative. And I think that's the reason why we have to done [ph] the full year guidance. I think we have the visibility into Q1. We gave the best we could. But I think simple seasonality makes an assumption that the overall environment is stable. And I think, certainly, we've seen a run up recently and we'll see how long that sustains.
Steve Gomo: Well, I'll handle the first part of that. So we'll start here. Right now, we have no -- we're not planning any action with respect to a stock repurchase. That said, we haven't change our policy in terms of trying to make sure that we offset the effects of our own stock option grants. We're actually ahead of our game right now. We're actually ahead of our objective. So we don't see any compelling need to do a stock repurchase. We also prefer, at this point, to let the cash accumulate that gives us just a ton more flexibility with all the other risks in the world, type of thing that makes you feel very, very good to have that kind of cash. And it also gives a lot flexibility from the strategic initiative standpoint. So that's kind of been our strategy, and I think that's going to be our strategy going forward for the forseeable future. With respect to the location geographically of the cash, we have about 56% of the cash that's -- this quarter was domestic, and the rest of it is overseas. We have no plans to bring that back. There's no way we can bring that back without a significant tax, unless we use it as part of a M&A initiative. So I don't see that changing very much. I think these ratios are going to stay in place for a while.
Steve Gomo: The currency impact, you probably saw the currency impact this quarter. If rates stay roughly were they are, we're going to see about a three percentage point headwind for the company in the first quarter. It would be larger than that in Europe, obviously.
Steve Gomo: Yes, I think to what's worth getting the volume effect are actually were positive during the quarter, and they were offset by other -- most of other minor things, a lot of little things. But the volume effects were fairly substantial. They were about a half of point during the quarter favorable. But as I said, eaten away by a number of other things.
Steve Gomo: Hi, Mark. Steve here. I guess the reverse order, yes, I expect that to be fairly sustainable level. All the vectors are playing in the right direction in our service business. The reason why there was a jump in the fourth quarter from the third was because our utilization of professional services, those was particularly high. You'll notice that a year ago, the same thing happened and it's almost exactly the same reason. At the end of the year, we tried to -- our guidance going out really try to shut down the SOWs [statement of work]. Get the work done. Get this thing complete, so that we can move on to the New Year. There's just a lot of pressure for them to do that. And typically, they get a lot of work done on those SOW's and allows us to close them out and then build them. So that's pretty much what happened. That said, I think that kind of the level is something that you can count on going forward.
Steve Gomo: Well I think it's, in the grand scheme of things of your price so minimal to the operating expense structure, they're probably about 60 to 70 employees. So the attractiveness there is that we're certainly seeing the emergence of customers that want to build large repositories of just broadened, not higher electrical [ph] Data, medical images, emails, video, what have you. And they staked out over a number of years to build a pretty compelling product, and they've actually staked out a niche and a number of the healthcare companies. So for us, I think healthcare is clearly a strategic vertical. The content repository makes a lot of sense. And our objective there is ultimately to take that technology and embedded within our core offering. But right now, we'll sell it, bundled together but ultimately, we want to integrate it. And consistent with our unified storage story, it's not only about stand and ask, it's also about unified data protection, it's also did you get another protocol to add to that. So strategically, over the longer term, we see this as a technology tucked in to add more functionality to our core offerings. So we continue to provide our unified set of solutions to our customers over a much broader set of applications. I think in the near term, most of the transactions that they pursue are relatively heavy from a storage perspective in terms of a lot of capacity behind them. And I think that they are clearly going to be open up opportunities in terms of our existing installed base. And I think that they enable us to penetrate some accounts, leveraging their technology with ours. But the long term strategic goal is that any short-term revenue contribution, it's really the long term integration to our product offering.
