George Kurian: I think if you look across the geographies, the order trends somewhat followed the impact of COVID across the world. I think our Asia Pacific business was first impacted by COVID, particularly in the areas surrounding China. I think we’ve seen that part of the business come back online. Through the course of the quarter, as we said in our prepared remarks, we felt that we were on target until the impact of COVID started to broaden across the globe, and we saw several different things going on. Some customers pulled forward transactions so that they could deploy and be ready before the shelter-in-place took full impact. Others clearly, either deferred transactions or downsized transactions, our supply chain performance was strong. Thanks to some really good work done by our supply chain team. And so, we were able to meet most of the orders that customers wanted within the course of their requirements. From a vertical market perspective, as I said, we cover a broad range of industries, and so there is no single geography or industry that has a material part of our business. I think that when we look at the results from the quarter, financial services and healthcare were strong performers. Automotive, retail meaning traditional retail and oil and gas were weaker through the course of the quarter. And similarly, oil dependent economies were challenged through the course of the quarter.
George Kurian: We have a broad range of capabilities to meet customers’ needs for OpEx kinds of business models and cash preservation concerns. They range, of course, from cloud data services, which are available on all the leading public cloud platforms, and we saw several customers take advantage not only of the flexibility that the cloud data services portfolio had, but also the rapid time to provision. We have introduced a program called Keystone, which is a subscription offering for enterprise data centers, and we saw some strong wins in that part of our business, as well as a healthy pipeline. And then clearly, we work with partners through managed service offerings, which are typically on a monthly basis payment model. And we have third parties we work with around traditional leasing models for customers. I’m happy to have Mike comment further.
George Kurian: First of all, we feel even more bullish today about the demand for our offerings than we did a year ago. I think that over the last year, as Mike mentioned, we have added a substantial number of customers more than doubled our customer base and there are a lot of net new customers coming to NetApp. We have, as we mentioned, been a year behind where we needed to be in terms of getting the services to general availability. And we still have – we are still working to get through a completely frictionless sales model together with Microsoft, for example. So there’s really good work being done. We are expanding the number of use cases. We’ve got more data centers being deployed, but we are about a year behind where we felt we would be and that’s been our consistent commentary even in the last quarter. I’ll let Mike comment with regard to the guide.S
George Kurian: There’s clearly a set of those customers who have never bought anything from NetApp. Some of those customers are truly digital natives, meaning, they don’t have the concept of an enterprise data center. And there, the cross-sell and up-sell is for the vast majority of those customers. We have a very narrow slice today of their total cloud wallet, meaning, in terms of workloads and we can expand there. Many of the customers also have enterprise data centers. And so our discussions with them are obviously, “Hey, if you’re going to use us on the public cloud, why couldn’t you be able to deploy us in your data center?” I’ll give you an example. There’s a several large global companies who have us as a second vendor, not the primary vendor in their enterprise data center, but we are their primary shared platform in the public cloud. They are now giving us a broader range of opportunities in the enterprise data center. So as the COVID crisis abates and we see enterprise data centers being more – being expanded, we’ll see more share of footprints, at least, that’s our confident belief.
George Kurian: Thanks, Katy. I think when we look at the overall profile of our business, we have, as you mentioned, a really strong margin profile in terms of gross margins, reflecting the rich software contribution to our business. I think, as Mike mentioned in terms of capital allocation, we are going to continue to support the dividend at the current level going forward. The place where we will have to reevaluate that is if we see some structural impairment to our free cash flow, which we don’t see at the moment. So we’re going to continue to stay with the dividend. We have hit a pause on the buybacks. We’ve done a lot of buybacks over the last couple of years, almost $3.5 billion, and so we’re going to pause that until we have better visibility into the overall landscape. And we are going to be selective, but we continue to see opportunities to expand our strategic relevance and the portfolio, like you mentioned. So we’re going to continue to balance all of these cases. I would tell you that as we think about the go-forward strategic roadmap, it’s much more tied to software and cloud services. We’re not leaning towards doing horizontal consolidations for scale. I think that, that would not be a primary focus for us.
George Kurian: I think we have a good handle on the customer discussions that we are engaged in. As I mentioned, one of the areas that we invested in without raising the overall operating expense level of the company was to put primary demand generation, account executives facing customers. So we have a good close dialogue with these customers. For those that want to be able to take advantage of technology without having to deploy large amounts of cash, we are uniquely positioned in the market because of our cloud data services portfolio. They are instantly provisionable. They have the reach and scale of the world’s biggest hyperscale data centers, and in many ways, also allow customers to start their journey on the cloud. That would be our lead offer, right? I think with regard to subscription services and other use cases, we are selective. I don’t think we’re trying to say that at this point in time that we are going to transition our entire business over to a subscription model. I think we need to have that in our portfolio and we’ll have it, but we are selective about qualifying, which customers we provide subscription offerings to.
George Kurian: I would tell you that, as we said, we were going to bring on 200 primary demand generation headcount, starting from the beginning of Q2 of FY 2020 through the end of Q1 of FY 2021, which is the current quarter. We have accomplished that objective a little bit ahead of plan. We are in the process of enabling those sales headcount. I would tell you they typically, as we have said before, take three to four quarters to get up to full productivity and we feel good about the work they’re doing so far. I think that we’ve also said that we would focus them on new customer acquisition, some on cloud and clearly on the strongest places in our portfolio, which is our all-flash arrays and our object storage and they have seen good results in the second-half of this year. So as we have started to deploy and focus these resources, we are starting to see some good underlying trends in the business.
George Kurian: Not all of our healthcare business is categorized as public sector. Certainly, there are pieces of it like University Hospitals, State University Hospitals that are in public sector, but not the whole business, right? I think, if I look at healthcare overall, there were – we had a lot of customer wins because of the strength of our solutions for digital imaging, the advancements that we are doing with NVIDIA around AI for imaging, and there are lots of unique technologies in our ONTAP operating system that enables that type of a workflow to be really successful. The second is, with regard to the healthcare customer base, we’ve also stepped up our support for them. I think they are highly stressed that the amount of work, so I don’t think there was any sort of budgetary issue we saw. It was really just the capacity of work they are doing to sustain their patient levels and the sort of the level of work that they’re sort of patient-facing workforce has. I think that’s really about healthcare. With regard to the public sector, again, we have a broad book of business, covering both federal, state and local, government and education. Within education, we saw several customer wins around the rapid movement of that part of our world to a remote working, remote education model. And so both our private cloud solutions and certainly our public cloud, modern workplace solutions benefited from that move. I would tell you that visibility is – it’s choppy, right? It’s across the board. It’s a little choppy. I think in our public sector business, we had a couple of deals that did not close within the quarter, just because of the logistics of being able to try to bring teams together to close the transaction.
George Kurian: I think that if you think about the coronavirus as a – as an opportunity to disrupt, you can lean into these conversations with customers, right? One of the things that we see with the use of remote working tools is that our sales teams can bring the best of NetApp to any customer anywhere in the globe. Meaning, they can bring the CEO now on any given day to a discussion in Asia, Europe and North America, all in the course of a single day. That wasn’t possible in the old world, right? So, we are trying to lean into the changes. As I said, we feel good about the progress of our acquired districts, which was a key place that we were targeting some of our headcount. Even in Q4, they had good performance. We have been focused on the cloud business as a place to continue to ramp our success that had good results. And I think that you should expect from us and as we have demonstrated over the past several years, we are disciplined operators, right? So if we don’t see a return on that investment, we’ll certainly look to do something else with it. And so you should expect Mike and I to stay focused on the evolving nature of the market and we’ll adjust accordingly.
George Kurian: I think, first of all, I want to thank the NetApp team. I’m – I could never have been more proud than what I saw from our team this past quarter. Across the board, we started our planning to deal with the COVID crisis in January when we first saw the impact in China. And as a result of working from home has been pretty seamless on everything from engineering deliverables to the incredible work that our support team and our supply chain teams have done, we have for the most part being able to operate without disruption. I think the place that we are continuing to focus in on is the ability to engage customers through a digital medium. And I think that we are new to it just like everybody else, right, but we see opportunity there. I think with regard to the long-term model, it’s a little bit early to tell. I think we are certainly cautious about returning our workforce to the office. I think we’re going to do it step wise with the priority being the safety of our employees. And so we see that it will be a hybrid model with a large percentage of our employees working in at home or other flexible locations of their choice. And we’ll factor that over time as it settles into what the new normal looks like. We’re certainly going to factor that in over time into what we can do to best serve our employees and customers.
George Kurian: It’s difficult for me to give you specific guidance, given the volatility of COVID. I will tell you that our all-flash SaaS business, which is the predominant part of our all-flash array business has started to perform much better as we have driven focus and as we have driven enterprise sales coverage. That doesn’t show the overall all-flash array number yet. But the trends underneath the all-flash array numbers are much healthier than what the overall number shows. So we’re encouraged by that. And I think we’re going to stay focused, as we’ve said, on exploiting our position there and getting it back to growth. From an installed base perspective, it is still a small percentage, right? So all-flash installed base is at 24%. So we got a long way to go. And so we’re going to stay focused on using all the levels that are disposal to gain share.
George Kurian: Yes. As part of our cloud data services portfolio, what we said consistently is, we’re going to get the fundamental infrastructure into the – into all the major hyperscalers, which is our cloud volumes platform. We were then going to add data services on top of that, and we’ve added several organically built backup and data protection services. We’ve done cloud governance and compliance services. And now what we are doing is, we are building out a modern workplace solution that combines a global file consolidation solution that we acquired in Q4 called Talon and a virtual desktop infrastructure and desktop as a service solution provider called Cloud Jumper that we acquired in Q1 of fiscal year 2021. The combination of cloud volumes, Talon and Cloud Jumper, gives us an extremely strong offering in the market. And it’s particularly suited to the broad transition of virtual desktop services to what we see as Windows virtual desktop, which is a new offering created by Microsoft to enable customers to have much more efficient virtual desktop infrastructures on the Azure cloud. And so you’ll see us tell you more about that in the coming quarters, but we’re really excited and we saw some significant customer wins. Cloud Jumper had been a longstanding partner of NetApp, and we had worked together with them to do many cloud deals before and now that they are integrated into NetApp. We think that, that should accelerate our business further.
George Kurian: I don’t think, first of all, some of the CDS customers are acquired through Microsoft. And so incentive that are provided to those customers are really provided by Microsoft to deploy those workloads on the Azure Cloud, right? I think with regard to cross-selling them to an on-prem environment, it really is more of a relationship and a customer confidence discussion rather than a specific kind of incentives – commercial incentives. I’ll give you an example. We are certified to run SAP on both the Google Cloud as well as the Azure Cloud. And many customers use – are starting to use SAP on those cloud provider platform with NetApp. They may not run their entire SAP environment on those clouds. They may run a portion of it, for example, analytics or business intelligence or something like that. And so we get to go and tell them listen, you’re using SAP on Azure, on NetApp and you like the technology and the benefits. Why wouldn’t you use us for your transaction processing environment on-premise? So it’s more of a relationship and a customer confidence and awareness of benefit we get in specific incentives.
George Kurian: Today, we have, given the importance of the workloads that we serve, these are production environments that we support in customers. We have a, what we call whitelisting requirements with Microsoft. So there’s essentially, the customer has to register with a Microsoft website that then creates a manual provisioning step where NetApp has to call the customer and make sure that that’s – customers ready to go live. I think as we have scaled the business, we are working closely with Microsoft to remove that requirement, so that we can automatically provision workloads on to NetApp Cloud Volumes. And we’re looking forward to that when that happens. There’s still work to be done, but both teams are working actively to remove that requirement.
George Kurian: We’ve always been pretty disciplined about the uses of cash. We’re going to continue to do that. I think where we do acquisitions, we are very selective. We spend a lot of time to make sure that both strategic and cultural fit, as well as financial benefits to our shareholders over time. So we’re going to continue to stay disciplined on acquisitions. I think with regard to the cloud portfolio itself, the vast majority of our cloud revenue today is through organic development. We feel that we have taken – unlike anyone else in the industry, taken the world’s best storage and data management operating system, made it cloud enabled and integrated it into every major data center of the world’s three biggest public cloud. And not only that, two of the big three are actually selling it as their own service. And that has been the big amount of work we’ve done. Now that, that foundation is in place and starting to scale, we are following a pretty disciplined set of chess moves to add capabilities to it. A large number of those capabilities are organic, and then we’ll be selective about inorganic.
George Kurian: It’s always competitive. To this particular platform, it is a long delayed and still very much incomplete. And so we see it as complete opportunity for us. Now that they’ve announced it, we’re going after them. Stay tuned.
George Kurian: We clearly see COVID-19 accelerating a set of transitions in the market. I think the most important one of those is the digital transformation of our customers. And that digital transformation is highly data-driven, right? You cannot be successful in digital transformation without modern data infrastructure, and that creates opportunity for us. There are a series of market transitions that follow from that, right? There’s operating system transition. There is major database migrations going on. And, of course, there are competitive product transitions that are technology transitions like the 10-K replacement cycle. We’re going to attack in those transitions. So we’d be pretty laser-focused on getting our teams to focus on our strongest product offerings, and we’re working to attack those market transitions and be as productive as we can. And we’ve seen good results from that in Q3 and Q4 net new customer ads and we’re going to continue to stay focused. And we’ll provide you an update at the next earnings call and our Analyst Day.
George Kurian: We are on track, as I mentioned in my comments, we completed the 200 net new demand generation headcount without increase to operating expenses by Q4. So within Q4, one quarter ahead of schedule, we’ve met the commitments we’ve made to ourselves and to you. And we’re focused on getting them productive. The early cohorts are starting to show results. And so we feel good about where we are. So thank you for your questions.
George Kurian: In the face of the current healthcare crisis, we will continue to make strategic moves that position us to emerge stronger than before, while maintaining the operational discipline you have come to expect from NetApp. Our storage system powered by our industry-leading file block and object software and our cloud data services have clear compelling competitive advantages and significant market presence. To further exploit our leading position, we are expanding our reach with a dedicated cloud sales focus, greater enterprise sales coverage, and dedicated customer acquisition resources. In Q4, we continue to see progress in our cloud business and success with our dedicated acquired districts. Getting our industry-leading portfolio in front of more buyers will enable us to emerge from this crisis stronger than ever. I hope that you all stay safe and healthy. And in closing, I believe that by working together with creativity and resilience, we will find together a path forward out of this crisis. I want to thank you, our investors, our partners, customers, and the NetApp’s team for the amazing work that we have done together this past few months. We hope to see you at our Analyst Day in September. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Yes, Simon, it’s Mike Berry. So, if you look year-over-year, that’s exactly what you do see. I would always encourage you because of seasonality to look year-over-year as it relates to gross margin. So, when you look at total, the slight increase, we get – you get a little benefit in Q1 year-over-year from the 14th-week, so you have to take that into account. But then the higher mix of services at 80%-plus drives the total gross margin up as it relates to year-over-year, and again seasonality will have a significant influence if you look sequentially, and that’s just not as applicable as the year-over-year numbers.
Mike Berry: Yes. I think there’s two parts what George walked through as well as just giving extended terms to some of our channel partners as they deal with our end users, and our financial flexibility also helps us their assignment.
Mike Berry: Yes. Tim, so as George mentioned, we feel really good about the business. Nice growth in Q4, sequential growth. So it doesn’t reflect us not – our confidence level. As he mentioned, we’re a little bit behind where we were in the original guide was done. And I would like to be able to address that, as well as kind of the long-term model all at once in September. Hence, we didn’t want to update it now and not do the rest of the business. So that’s why we said, “Hey, we will address all of that as it relates to the business when we get together, hopefully in person or virtually in September.
Mike Berry: And on that, Lou, it’s Mike. I would just add, to George’s point, it’s all about making sure our employees are safe and dealing with it now. As you look forward, companies have a lot of areas to look into, be it real estate, be it travel, marketing events. What does that mean for the sales team? But I think it’s way too early for us to be able to tell that. We need to figure out how this goes over the next, call it, several months or quarters, and then a lot of companies will be asking those very questions.
Mike Berry: Yes. So this – Nehal, this is Mike. So a couple of things on that. Keep in mind that, that in revenue, mix matters a lot. We do get 30 to 35 from the extra week that’s in the revenue numbers. So if you look year-over-year, take that into account. And then in Q1, because the product revenue from a seasonal perspective is lower. This is where the strength of our recurring revenue comes in as well. So that, that helps us also on that range. So that’s really how we got to that, call it, high-end of the guidance range, really driven by the mix, the strength of recurring revenue and then the benefit from the 14th-week.
Mike Berry: So I have George talked about, it’s really a continuation of what we saw in the latter part, call it, of our Q4. So it assumes that what we saw in April and later March continues into Q1.
