George Kurian: Overall -- thank you for the question. Overall, the spending environment this past quarter was unchanged from what we saw in the second half of the prior fiscal year. Our mid-sized enterprise business across the globe and public sector did better than large enterprise. Within large enterprise, as we noted, the same verticals remained cautious in spending, service provider, high-tech and, to a lesser extent, financial services. With regard to their spending criterion, they are spending on strategic projects but are running infrastructure, broadly speaking, hotter than meaning at higher levels of utilization than they typically do and what we typically tell them is best practice. That is common in such macro environments, but it's not a long-term trend. I think we expect them as we progress through the fiscal year for them to start to expand investment because they cannot run systems that hard. As we noted in our prepared remarks and in prior calls, we do not expect the macro to change substantially to support our guidance for the year. Our guidance for the year reflects our confidence both in the changes that we made in go-to-market as well as in our product portfolio that we recently introduced.
George Kurian: With regard to Gen AI projects, which we are already engaged in, in a number of customers, we see a mix of use cases. I would say there are three common patterns. One is unstructured data. The second is the need for consistent data management, both security and privacy are hot topics as well as the lineage of data so that they can keep track of which version of Gen AI model is the best and most accurate. And then the third is from a deployment architecture, we are seeing them engage in both on-prem discussions, as well as public cloud discussions. In public cloud, the advantages are much faster feature velocity, as well as prepackaged models available on the public cloud. With the on-prem environments, the major sensitivity is the data being kept in a restricted location. So we intend to benefit from both. I don't think that it is a meaningful driver of repatriation at this point in the discussion maybe. There we're seeing a mix of public cloud and on-prem environments.
George Kurian: Yes, I think first of all, our -- we have two models in which we serve customers; the consumption model, which is essentially a pay-as-you-go utility model; and then a subscription model, which is where the customer pays for a certain amount of capacity or managed units or capability and then renews that on an annual basis or a term basis. Then consumption part of our business has grown to about three quarters of our total business, roughly speaking. Of our cloud business, subscription is the quarter. And if you look at the last quarter's performance, the cloud storage and consumption businesses continue to perform well. They grew year-on-year. Their dollar-based net retention rate was at the industry average, industry norms. Subscription is where we saw a challenge, both a small part of cloud storage subscription as well as CloudOps and we are conducting a review and we'll get you an update at the next quarterly call about our plans for that part of our business.
George Kurian: I think first of all, the year-on-year compare for our flash product business is impacted by last year benefiting from elevated levels of backlog that we shipped in the comparable quarter last year. If you -- if you remove that backlog, flash actually grew year-on-year this quarter and we saw strong growth from our capacity flash products. We expect overall flash portfolio to grow as a percentage of our business through the course of the year. The first-quarter customers are still qualifying our capacity flash products, the C-Series. And so we weren't able to move all of our intended customer environments over to all-flash yet, but they are headed that way. And so we feel really good about both the go-to-market changes that are starting to reflect in pipeline expansion as well as in the flash product portfolio that we have. And you should see that reflected in growth in the second-half of the year. With regard to share gains, our expectation based on what the others have guided is that we have picked-up the second position in share in the market behind Dell.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we have the best spinning media and the best flash technologies in the market. I think that's reflected by the richness of our feature set, the flexibility of our operating system and increasingly the data security functionality that natively integrated into our offerings. I think that the outlines of what our competitors have talked about is a long-time. And so we give our customers choice and we'll continue to invest in a broad range of technologies that meet the right price performance points. When you cannot support a type of technology, like our competitors cannot, then you have to throw grenades and say that that technology doesn't exist because you frankly can't support it.
George Kurian: Yes, thank you for the question. So, on the first question on linearity, based on the midpoint of guidance, we are still assuming about 48% revenue in the first-half and 52% in the second, pretty close to round in which is very consistent with what we did last quarter. So, no big change there. And that's very consistent with the linearity that we've shown historically. Also, our Q2 guide is up about 7% quarter-on-quarter, which is well within our historical linearity as well. On the cloud revenue number, so we're not going to update the guidance. We had originally thought and forecasted somewhere around, call it, mid-teens growth in that cloud revenue business. Even if as you look at the historical numbers, that cloud revenue, and we're not forecasting it, well, if it stays where it's at today, there would still be growth year-over-year because of the growth last year. So we have baked all of that into our full-year number, so we feel good about where we are on that guide. We'll see how the rest of the year goes. But at this point, we've reflected that in our full-year number.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that the first comment that I would make is AI primarily offerings today on unstructured data, whether it's predictive AI using unstructured data to analyze images or audio files or generative AI that analysis text on various types of document formats, unstructured data is the priority. Second, I think with regard to unified file and object, listen, we created unified storage and we have a really strong track-record in unified across file, block, object and cloud. And I think that is the new definition of unified rather than little systems that tried to say that they've got one protocol or the other. I think the third is when you talk about AI, it's a broad topic. And therefore, what customers typically have is versions of data that they used to trade different models. At the time that they are running the trading workload, they typically store it on a high-performance landscape like all-flash system. But they keep those models available so that they can go back and look at when they make changes to models and data sets and what the implications are for accuracy. And so the archival life cycle of that data is usually on disk or on cloud. And then I think the last point I would make is, listen, we are seeing clients use hybrid workflows. Public cloud is a strong place where a lot of the developers and data science teams are beginning their Workflows, either Vertex in and Google or Sagemaker in Amazon and our solutions on public cloud give us a strong position to start with the data science team at the start of these AI projects.
George Kurian: Let me hit on those two points. I think the first is with regard to AI, again, as I mentioned, it's a broad life cycle of tasks. There are light portions of the life cycle that run on extremely high-performance systems. And then there are portions of the life cycle where the data sits on more fine-tuned capacity-oriented systems because you want to keep versions of your models available. And so I look at it like any type of workload, there's a portion of time where the workload has data that's hot and then there's a portion of its life cycle where you want to keep a copy of the data. With regard to the overall all-flash array outlook, listen, I think we have one quarter in. We are really pleased with the adoption of our capacity flash products. Overall, what I see is all-flash will grow at higher than our total storage business and will be a bigger part of our mix. Within all-flash, the capacity flash products will grow more quickly than the performance flash products because one is attacking the next tranche of upgrades and refreshes, which is the 10-K drive market while the high-performance products have already been in market for a long period of time. So I think that's how they break that out. With regard to cloud, I think that, listen, the opportunity is strong. We are excited about the growth of our cloud storage services all of the capabilities and the pace of customer adoption of those services. We have more exciting news to come with Google around the work we're doing with them, both with regard to the expansion of our offerings as well as new use cases in the Google Cloud that you'll hear more about in the next couple of weeks. And I think that our approach right now is to focus on the best parts of our cloud portfolio have a dedicated go-to-market model that has been well received by the hyperscalers. We're 1 quarter in. The cloud storage and consumption offerings performed well. We have work to do on the subscription side. We'll give you an update next quarter. Our overall view of cloud has not changed.
George Kurian: Yes. Listen, I think that we are not the only company in the world that had a subscription cloud software business that got impacted. When we saw the trends for optimization, you generally see the consumption part of the business get optimized quickly because you are on a pay-as-you-go contract. I think the subscription part usually gets affected at the time of a renewal of a subscription or a decision to expand or not expand a subscription. That doesn't excuse the fact that we wanted to do better in the subscription part of our business. I think we've got work to do to refine our portfolio, sharpen the value proposition, optimize pricing in certain cases to meet customers' expectations, and we'll give you an update on that. We're already working on those. We'll give you an update on that on the next call.
George Kurian: On the first question, Meta, I think that what we saw was continued good pace of customer additions, which means that there are cloud projects and ongoing deployment of workloads on the cloud. We saw the pace of optimization slowdown as customers have basically done the easy stuff. And so now they probably are more cautious about what further to optimize. Within the latter bucket, the customers that have been optimizing, there are early signs of them starting to do new projects on our technology, but they haven't ramped those projects yet. So the benefit we saw within the quarter was new customers and new workloads as opposed to the ones that optimize reaccelerating spending. With regard to the second question, capacity flash, we were selling high-performance flash into use cases where capacity flash was a better product. Those were in two flavors. One would be more of a general purpose private cloud environment where customers don't care about the performance of a particular application, but generally want good performance. And so that was one and then smaller environments where we had the A150 product that was also introduced at a lower price point than any other flash product. Both of them saw strength. And I think we saw strength in the mid-market segment, broadly speaking, across all of our products.
George Kurian: I think broadly speaking, if you look at our cloud business, roughly three-quarter is consumption and one-quarter is subscription. That mix has shifted in favor of consumption a meaningful amount over the last year as customers have preferred more of the marketplace and first-party offerings over some of our more traditional subscription type, bring your own license offerings. I think the impact that we saw was more pronounced in subscription rather than consumption. Consumption performed quite well. And so I would point out that it's in the one-quarter of the business in subscription. Then second, with regard to whether it was macro or micro, it was a mix of things. I think it was -- in some customers, clearly, it was related to budget constraints, where upon renewal, they said, listen, I want to use less of the product and only use it for the most mission-critical environment, some of our monitoring tools. In other cases, it was the customer not being ready to deploy the product and so we've taken a couple of actions. One action is to, as we said, conduct a review of our products, make sure we have the right products tailored to the right use cases that pricing is set up right, that the value share between us and the customers set up right, that is already underway. We've implemented some of those changes. We'll give you a more fulsome update. And then with regard to go-to-market, we've, as we noted, implemented both a dedicated cloud specialist organization aligned with the hyperscalers and also implemented customer success so that customers can get expertise from NetApp on how to use the products. It's early. We've seen some good evidence of progress, but there's more work to be done.
George Kurian: We sell ONTAP AI into data science teams and AI teams, whether they are in our installed base or net new accounts. They are -- it's a very verticalized selling model. So for example, in pharmaceuticals, we work with teams on rapid drug discovery, clinical data analysis so that they can apply really high-performance GPUs from NVIDIA with -- together with large-scale data storage from NetApp. We could also do the same thing. For example, in manufacturing, we are selling into advanced digital twin prototypes where they are optimizing manufacturing yield and sort of accelerating development. So I think those are the key areas that we have sort of net new budget, net new customer landscape. Our advantages are high performance, large scale advanced demo management, the best in the industry, and it's highly integrated into the data science toolkit of our customers. And then increasingly, we also now have the same versions of 2 chains running on all the leading public clouds, and you'll hear more about that in the next couple of weeks at the Google conference.
George Kurian: We already use AI tools in three ways. One is to accelerate software development and to increase the pace at which we can deliver more innovation to customers. The second, to integrate AI into our products and services so that we can automatically detect, for example, ransomware attacks or impending risks from running systems harder than they should be or various other things and give customers proactive advice rather than reactive response. And then the third is across the range of our businesses, everything from marketing collateral, documentation, multilingual support as well as chatbots. In customer service, we have AI capabilities already being integrated. And Gen AI is the next version of that. So there are lots of exciting projects underway on that. Thank you, Shannon.
George Kurian: Let me close with a few comments. The strong customer reception to the substantial innovation we have brought to market has got in FY '24 to a solid start, despite the choppy macro backdrop. We are laser-focused on our FY '24 priorities to be prudent stewards of the business, tightly managing the elements within our control, to reinvigorate efforts to drive better performance in our storage systems business and to build a more focused approach to our Public Cloud business. Early results of this focus indicate we are on track to drive margin expansion and earnings growth while yielding top line growth in the back half of the year. I am absolutely delighted by the positive reception to our new products, the differentiation and continued growth of our first-party public cloud storage services and our exciting innovation road map. I hope to see you at INSIGHT and look forward to updating on our continued progress on next quarter's call. Thank you.
Mike Berry: And then, hey, Mehdi, it's Mike. On the QLC, we're not going to break-out specific numbers, but we would say we are procuring more of that. We started to see the pickup. We'll see how the rest of the year goes, but we do expect that to continue as a percentage as we go through fiscal '24.
Mike Berry: Hey Joe, it's Mike. So, on your question, we've talked a lot about premiums and as we talked about last-time, we're super-excited and not have to talk about them anymore. So largely in Q1, all of those premiums have I would say gone away, not only from a P&L perspective, but cash. We talked about that number was anywhere typically between, call it, $30 million and $40 million a quarter, sometimes it bumped up to $50 million, so call it an average of about $40 million. That -- we got a good bit of that. We did not have to accrue in Q4 and then the rest hold to Q1. So it's 55% last quarter, 55% this quarter. And now premiums are fully out-of-the number. So as you look-forward, it's one of the reasons why we feel confident in the 55% guide. There -- hey, there has always been price competition. We see it in certain geographies or certain customers. We haven't seen any material change to that in our guide. We do expect that we will be -- we will need to be, call it, marginally more aggressive in certain situations, but certainly nothing significantly different than we are today.
Mike Berry: Yes. Hey, Victor, it's Mike. So, hey, we haven't guided for fiscal '25, but let us walk you through that. As we talked about between pre-buys and price locks, we have secured a large portion of our NAND purchases for fiscal '24, not all of it, you never want to hedge the whole bucket, but we feel really good about that. In addition, some of those agreements do flow into fiscal '25, it's not a majority at this point. So where we stand today as we feel really good about where we are at ‘24, we have some of that rolling into '25 and we are certainly looking for about -- what should we do? We'll do a lot more work on that, call it, in the next 90-days and update you on the next call. As you know, it's a very changing market. We want to make sure it be prudent and think through that, but it is something that we are looking hard at.
Mike Berry: Hey, Wamsi, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. So let's go through the numbers. So yes, you're pretty close on the impact. It was about [Technical Difficulty] So last quarter, we talked about, if you adjust for the backlog benefit in the first half of fiscal '23 and you compared our growth this first-half with the second-half of last year when we declined about 5% or 6%, we expect the growth to be better than that, still slightly negative. That is about the same in Q1 and Q2, so Q2 has about the same impact. Based on the midpoint of guidance, we do expect Hybrid Cloud then to have growth in the second-half, the low-single-digit growth based on the guidance that we gave. And we're still comfortable with that based on the progress that we saw in Q1, especially related to C-Series. The focus that we have on the new products, as well as the go-to-market changes, we do expect those to bear more fruit as we go into the second-half, and that's based on what we've seen not only in pipelines and then also sales activity. So overall, yes, that would be accurate, and that's what gives us confidence as we go into the second-half of the year.
Mike Berry: Yes. Awesome. Thanks for the question on cash. Yes, there was -- it was quite a bit better than we thought. There was three moving parts. Amit, I would say you've seen billings come in lower in the last two quarters. So collections were down year-over-year. But what really drove the operating and free cash flow was the reduction in our supply chain spending. And that's not only premiums. It's the quantity of components that came down significantly. And then, of course, pricing came down as well. So that, if you think about the rest of the year, we should expect to continue to see some of that benefit not as big as in Q1 because that compares to Q1 of last year when we were still, I'll call it, bulking up on inventory because we expect the growth before things slowed down in the middle of the year. You know, the one-time benefit year-over-year, which unfortunately is we paid a good bit less in incentive compensation. So that helped drive it as well. And then lower CapEx helped drive free cash flow as well. And we did say, hey, the $239 million we spent last year, we expect to be the high and we expect that to continue to come down. As you look at the rest of the year, we do expect on a full-year basis it to track pretty close to non-GAAP net income, which guidance is somewhere around $1.2 billion. I do want to note, though, hey, folks in Q2 -- and this happens every year, keep in mind, it's the quarter we pay most of our taxes. So we pay almost $88 million in repatriation taxes and then we make our U.S. federal tax payment as well. So expect Q2 to be down from Q1, and it's been like that every year. And then in the back half, following more typical trends. So thanks for the question.
