George Kurian: Thank you for your question. I think we're in the early phases of the GenAI opportunity. As you know, we have been in the AI market for a long time and have seen a lot of examples of proven use cases in predictive AI. We are starting to see the early phases of Generative AI. And what I mean by that is customers collecting and unifying their data and starting to augment the foundational models with their own data, so that it is more relevant to their business. We expect that to continue for several months or a year, and we think that the deployment of production models and the movement from training to inferencing, becomes more relevant as we head into next year. With regard to the work that we have seen, we had a really strong quarter in the flash business. And we’ve got several eight-figure deals in Q3, one of the world's largest oil and gas companies build their AI supercomputer NetApp, one of the world's largest genomics company relying on our technology to speed up genomic analysis with NVIDIA and NetApp, one of the world's largest media companies is using us to drive some of the early phases of their Generative AI work. And we also have examples in the public cloud where one of the world's largest open source model providers is using NetApp's cloud technology to enable their customers to access and train their models. So we've got real many different examples of success. I think if you draw out our strength is scale and performance, super part certification, the fact that we can build a hybrid cloud data pipeline and the data management capabilities that we've had for many years that allow you to do things like model versioning, security for your mission-critical data and be able to deploy and connect data pipelines from production back into training. So I feel really good about our strength in the AI market. It's early around GenAI, and we are doing the work to expand our opportunity there.
George Kurian: First of all, I think that unstructured data is the vast majority of the value in Generative AI. Generative AI really operates on documents and objects and videos and images and a variety of those data sets. And as you know, NetApp has a huge percentage of the enterprises unstructured data stored or systems. We help them in a few different ways. One way that we help them is if their data science team that's building AI training and building some of their models, wants to start in the public cloud, you can very quickly and easily take data from your enterprise environment securely into the public cloud and use it in the public cloud. Second, as you know, we have very high performance scale-out solutions like the one that we referred to on the call, we're one of the world's largest open source model providers is using our high-performance scale-out SSX solutions on Amazon to do model training. And then the third is in the enterprise itself, if the enterprise wants to scale that production environment, we have certifications with NVIDIA, for example, that allows them to quickly build a super part with us, train it and then deploy the trained models into production. So we feel very, very confident about the expanding opportunity in front of us. We've had several good wins and we are investing to expand our opportunity in this space.
George Kurian: And just to add to that, SSDs are not 50%. They are less than 50% of our bill of materials or probably anybody else's bill of materials.
George Kurian: Yes. Maybe I can address that in three ways. I think the C-Series product cycle is to modernize both, traditional hybrid flash systems as well as deploy new private cloud environments, and we are seeing strong advantages there. That's the first use case. And you can see we do not see any end to that. The 10-K drive transition is a multiyear transition. We're in the early stages of that. On the private cloud side, I think some of the changes in licensing that some of the software vendors have, have renewed interest in our technology as a vehicle to give them -- give customers a path to the future. The second opportunity is the ASA product family. NetApp has had a long history in the block storage space, we've had tens of thousands of customers using our technology to serve block workloads, and we are in the early innings of bringing out a package solution that's focused solely on the block market. And we've been pleased with both of those use cases. And then the third area, of course, which is set for rapid expansion and growth is AI. And I feel really, really good with the focus on execution. Every time we've set a set of targets internally, we've been them and we've raised them externally. And so, we got strong momentum. We're going to stay focused and disciplined in our execution going forward.
George Kurian: I think there's probably two or three things. I think the maturity of the offerings. I think customers comfort around how they would procure cloud-like models. I think the second is the increase in interest rates that on the margin caused certain customers to think about CapEx versus OpEx. And then the third, of course, is the customers that are in transition from one environment to another. For example, when you're in a data center transition and you've got a portion of the life of a data center environment that needs to be continued, moving to an as-a-service model is a good transition point. We have offered as a service for many years. Clearly, the most flexible, the fastest and the easiest to build an elastic environment, is around true public cloud. We also have solutions with colocation providers like Equinix that allows the customer to get a full cloud-like opportunity in a colocation environment, connected to the Public Cloud and our Keystone service in the customers' data centers had another really strong quarter. We are up year-to-date almost more than triple-digits, including this past quarter. So we see strong momentum in that category. And we do not see a mandate for it, but it's a nice new way for us to address a set of customer buying preferences.
George Kurian: It's always big competitive. There are different vendors that come and go in the market. I think if you look at the installed base of unstructured data, that becomes the vehicle to build data pipelines for AI and ML applications, NetApp has a very strong position. And we have the only solutions that allow customers to build hybrid cloud pipelines to build solutions that are super scalable and high performance. But also have the security protection and data management that AI will need as these models get scaled. So I feel really good about our position and look forward to continuing to expand our presence in that market.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that, first of all, the mix shift from hard drives to flash, in our business continues. And it's an important kind of underlying factor that gives us confidence that we are raising the structural baseline product gross margin, as Mike said, from the mid-50s, which has been a historic norm to the upper-50s and up to 60%. The mix shift is the most important lever in that equation. The second, of course, is the value of our ONTAP Software and the ongoing management of the commodity supply chain. I think all of those, factor in. I think that we are uniquely positioned with our operating system to benefit from using QLC in a broad bench of applications. Currently, only another one other vendor has QLC based all-flash arrays, and it gives us an opportunity to go target other vendors who don't have QLC support. So we feel really good about our solution. And I would tell you that AI and all of these enterprise applications are not just about price. They're about value, and we built a real good value for our customers over many years.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that data is the foundation on, which AI is built. And if you look at what enterprises are doing today, they are augmenting foundational models with their own data to bring the relevance of AI to their business and their organizational needs. As a result, issues like malicious injection of bad data into a data landscape can cause huge impacts on AI, the ability to maintain data security, privacy, and lineage is are all conversations that are happening regardless of the regulatory environment, and they will only get stronger as the regulations get enforced like you are seeing, for example, in the European Union. This gives the needs to have data management across the life cycle of AI extreme importance, and we are exceptionally well-positioned, having the capabilities to build secure, private environments in the public cloud, as well as in customers' data centers.
George Kurian: Yes. Listen, I think, first of all, the macro has stayed relatively consistent the whole time. It is uncertain. It's not getting worse, but it is not the fundamental reason for the improvement in results. The second is the two biggest reasons for improving our results. One is product and the second is focus on go-to-market execution. Let me hit on, in terms of product, we brought the world's best operating system to two or three major new opportunities. We brought it to a price point in the all-flash market that we have not addressed before with the QLC flash offerings. We brought the world's best operating system to a block storage opportunity that multibillion dollars, multiple tens of billion dollars that we had never built a purpose-built block storage product for. And we are continuing to see an expanding range of AI opportunities as customers are doing both training as well as building context called retrieval augmented generation drag. And so all of those have driven improvements in our results. I think the other part of the equation would be to recognize the benefits that we've had from focus in our go-to-market. We have prioritized two areas; the hyperscaler marketplace and first-party cloud storage services in public cloud. And we have focused on our all-flash portfolio as the two major priorities, and we have had strong results in both of them, and I'm very pleased with the results.
George Kurian: Listen, we always start with one environment, and then we can cross-sell other environments into the customer. I think what we have seen quite clearly in the market is that the idea of having multiple different operating systems and storage landscapes in our customer is causing cost, complexity and security vulnerabilities and the idea of going to one consistent architecture across multiple landscapes is clearly seeing resonance and customers. And I think that as we have got obviously both unified, as well as block focused offerings across high-performance AFF A Series, as well as more value-oriented C-Series products, we see opportunity to not only win one part of our customers' footprint, but over time, win all of their footprint. The work that we've done in public cloud allows us to penetrate accounts that we don't have a relationship with using the public cloud sales motion. And as we have shared many times, the number of new to NetApp customers in the public cloud sales motion is very strong, and we are excited about that. We continue to see good progress on that front even this past quarter.
George Kurian: It's just normal seasonality. I think public sector actually was a strong number for us across the globe and nothing other than normal seasonality for us.
George Kurian: Thank you, Kris. Let me reiterate my strong confidence in our position to drive continued growth and profitability despite the uncertain macro. We've sharpened our focus, improved our execution and successfully introduced new products that expand our addressable market. Capacity flash, block storage and AI all represent enormous opportunities for us. We are performing well in these areas and expect continued growth. We have taken the actions needed to improve the health of our cloud business, creating our healthier business to drive growth in fiscal 2025. We are capitalizing on our share gain opportunity and we'll maintain the operating discipline that has yielded record profitability. Thank you for your time today, and I hope to see you at our June 11, Investor Day.
Mike Berry: Yes. Eddie, there was a lot of questions in there. What we'd say is a couple of things. Remember, customers' budget based on dollars, and that's the way that they purchased. We haven't seen anything like in the last year in terms of really NAND prices declining as much as they did. More than anything, we think that, that has made SSD flash technology more affordable, all the benefits that you get around environmentals and economics as well as energy now make that a much better economic decision for them. So that's really the change that we've seen. Short-term -- other short-term changes really don't change the market that much because, again, these are long-term decisions companies are making.
Mike Berry: Yes. Thank you for the question, Nehal. So when going into fiscal 2025, we've talked about it, hey, we feel really good about the momentum that we have in Q3 as well as the guidance that we built in Q4. We've talked about the momentum around C-Series. George talked about all the industry, trends that are also tailwinds for us. And when you look at all of the priorities that our customers are looking at, we feel like we're really well-positioned. We've given you a good view of where we think our product gross margins will land. The support business continues to be an important driver of profitability as well. And we will continue to be prudent around our investment to make sure that we drive growth. We want to do that. We want to make sure that we are disciplined in our spending. But hey, there are some things that we also need to do and want to do to be able to continue to drive the top line. I think we've done a lot of great work around cloud to be in a much better position for next year. George talked about the 35%-plus growth in cloud storage in first-party marketplace. And Eddie asked that question as well. In the quarter, cloud storage continues to grow as a percentage. It's now closer to 65% from a revenue perspective. So that's where the growth will be. And then, we will continue to do the right things around return of capital to shareholders. We always want to leave flexibility for investments, but we also want to make sure that we're mindful of our share count. So without trying to guide 2025, that's only the best Readers Digest version, I can give you.
Mike Berry: Yes, great question. And we look at this a lot, obviously. So in the last two quarters, we've seen deferred revenue actually decline year-over-year. A couple of things to haul, keep in mind, that what you see on the balance sheet as a total deferred, it also includes cloud that has declined a little bit more than the Support business in the last two quarters. 90% plus Support will come off the balance sheet, so you can take a hard look at that. But what we've also seen is a different trend where instead of tech refreshes we've seen a lot of customers renew their Support for up to a year, and that has also helped continue to drive Support revenue. You don't see that as much in deferred. But the big driver will be growth in product revenue drives additional Support revenue with the multiyear Support. You'll see that in billings. You'll see that in deferred revenue. So we feel good about being able to get that growth in Support. I think it was 2% this year, hopefully, at least that and going forward, if product -- when product revenue grows, support revenue should follow. It will be a little bit of a lagging indicator a couple of quarters, but it will definitely follow because of the business model.
Mike Berry: Yes. And no apologies necessary. I know you folks are busy today. So hey, we're super excited about the 30% margin. And a lot of that. There's all 12,000 employees that helped us on that number. We've guided to 27% to 28% inQ4. What I would say is that we very much want to continue to be able to grow the business. And even as a CFO, I know, hey, we need to invest in some areas. There are some product investments that we need to make. We want to make sure that the go-to-market continues to have sales capacity. We've said it at the last Analyst Day, we'll say it again, which is we want to invest, but our goal is always to grow OpEx at a lower rate than revenue to drive the margins up. Where those go really depends, I think, on a couple of things. One is how well we can continue to grow product revenue, that's obviously a big piece. And that then drives storage, which was Nehal's question around -- I'm sorry, around which is a big piece. So we don't have a target in mind. And quite frankly, the other thing I just want to make sure and underline, this is both gross -- product gross margins and operating margins. Hey, we love the dollars more. And so our goal is to be able to drive dollars. That may mean that, hey, margins stay relatively consistent or they go up or down in a quarter. Our goal is to drive more revenue, more gross margin dollars, more operating that then goes to EPS. So I don't want to give you a target. Now we'll talk about this a little bit in June. There is that trade-off.
