George Kurian: I'll take the second one, and then Mike can take the first, maybe. We feel very good about the momentum with our C-Series portfolio, we are able to serve customer workloads and use cases, particularly at time of soft IT spending where we are aligned to the value that we bring. And the software value of ONTAP is particularly useful in these all-flash configurations. We are also expanding the total addressable market with the all SAN Array configuration of the C-Series and of the high-performance flash products. So I'm excited about what the future holds for our flash business, and it is because of that momentum and the focus of our go-to-market that we've taken up our guide for the full year.
George Kurian: With regard to your question on the underlying factors that support our optimism in the guide. First of all, from a macro perspective, it's still a challenged macro with the soft demand environment. We saw incremental improvement in North America, but equally a deceleration in certain parts of Europe, mirroring the economic landscape in the public domain. I think within the large enterprise, we see a case-by-case situation in terms of demand and we continue to see a more robust product business in this commercial or mid-market customer base. So, no real fundamental change in the demand environment. With regard to the two underlying factors for confidence. One is, we are a much more focused go-to-market organization, and we are seeing the second consecutive quarter of pipeline and performance from the changes we made at the start of the fiscal year. And so I want to credit our go-to-market teams for their focus and the results that they have delivered this quarter, and that is one of the key contributors. The second is the really strong performance of our all-flash portfolio. We talked in the prepared remarks about a large competitive win against a purely flash competitor. And we see that across multiple segments where we are seeing competitive wins with our portfolio. So those are the two fundamental reasons: go-to-market focus and execution and confidence in our portfolio.
George Kurian: With regard to lead times, we are at normal lead times for our portfolio, and we reached those normal lead times a few quarters ago. With regard to the question on storage demand for AI, listen, I think we have been in the AI business for predictive AI or industrial AI for five years. And there are large data sets that are built out to support training of those models and the implementation of those models across the enterprise. So we have a good and robust business there. We are starting to see early signs of trials and use cases with generative AI. Generative AI is particularly well suited for NetApp's capabilities because it operates on unstructured data, files, documents, video, audio and so on. And so we have large repositories of those and customers, and we are able to use that data set and add to that data set to support AI use cases. This quarter, we won a large AI implementation at a very large U.S. bank that was really focused on generative AI document summarization analysis and so on, and we are the infrastructure foundation for that. So it will take time for generative AI to become a demand driver. We are seeing early positive signs there.
George Kurian: Listen, on pricing, we've been in this industry for a very long period of time. And while there will be people who are vendors who are aggressive in any particular transaction or other, depending on their own strategic reasons. Overall, we don't see fundamental changes in the pricing environment. Clearly, the room with lower component costs gives you an opportunity to do more in terms of pricing flexibility. But I think that our past quarter's gross margin results our demonstration of the fact that we've been able to maintain pricing discipline at a time where demand is soft, and it talks to both the differentiation of our product portfolio and the execution in our field teams. I'll have Mike talk a bit about your second question.
George Kurian: I'll take the second, and Michael cover the first question. Thank you for the question. Listen, I think that with regard to customer adoption of flash-based technologies, they are -- we saw the high-performance landscape moved to flash several years ago, and there's been a steady movement of that footprint to flash. That is about 15% to 20% of the overall storage market, maybe 20%. The next tranche of use cases are more in the general purpose application footprint. These are in the process of migrating over multiple years. We are in the early innings of that migration. And so we feel very good about the position of our flash portfolio to attack that part of the market. It is essentially the 10K hard drive market that is about 30% to 40% of the hard drive market. So, you'll see that move over time. And so I'll let Mike talk to the first question you had.
George Kurian: So, let me provide some baseline before I jump into the strategy review takeaways and the implications. First, cloud is roughly 10% of total revenue. Subscription is 23% of cloud revenue, down from about 35% a year ago. So, it's a small percentage of the total cloud revenue and an even smaller percentage of the total company revenue. The mix of Cloud Storage and CloudOps is still relatively consistent approximately 60/40. We focused our strategy review on all elements of our cloud portfolio and had five key takeaways that I outlined in my prepared comments. Sharpening the focus on first-party and hyperscaler marketplace storage services. These performed very well in the second quarter and continue to be uniquely differentiated both to end customers of our on-premises solution and a vehicle to acquire net new customers alongside our cloud partners. We would carefully manage the transition of some of the storage subscriptions to our consumption offering as we roll out [1P] services, customers that used to buy storage subscriptions prefer to now go towards the 1P offering, and we'll manage that carefully. We will integrate some standalone services like data protection and privacy into our cloud storage offerings so that they bring more value to the base offering. And we'll refocus other services like Cloud Insights, which are subscription services and Instaclustr to differentiate NetApp in the cloud storage workload motions that we are focused on. We've decided to exit some standalone services like Virtual Desktop and SaaS Backup services. And all of this will lead to about a $55 million ARR headwind from these actions in the second half of fiscal year '24. The reduction in Public Cloud subscription services will be partially offset by the good growth of our consumption cloud storage services in particular. And so our plans for the second half of the year assumes that we will have a modest decline in cloud revenue. We're not going to guide it but we assume that. And we have built that into the guidance for the fiscal year '24, which we took up by approximately $100 million. We're not going to comment today on the outlook for the overall cloud business. We will talk to you when we update our long-term models to that effect.
George Kurian: We don't break those out. I think we feel very good about -- we have brought in the number of workloads that we serve. We have brought in the number of hyperscalers now with Google coming online. We have brought lower price points for Azure and Google, and we have brought higher price points for Amazon. So I feel really, really good about the momentum in our first-party cloud storage services.
George Kurian: The combination of both new customer adds and add new workload use cases within existing customers as well as expansions.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we have a really strong operating system capability for performance and simplification at scale. Many of the other vendors that start simple run into real trouble when you try to build a large enterprise environment. And we have a really good portfolio to do that. I think that was probably the number one reason. And the number two reason is now that we have the C-Series, we have a price point to deliver to customers who used to not have it.
George Kurian: So first of all, let me hit that in three parts, right? First, we have concluded the strategic review. We have a set of good decisions we've made that we need to now go implement that will result in a more focused cloud business and a healthier subscription base, albeit a smaller one that build off. We believe that these actions should allow us to get back to growth in fiscal year '25 of a healthier business mix in cloud. We always will do reviews of various aspects of our portfolio as ongoing parts of our business. But the focused strategic review, I would say, is mostly complete. I think the second is with regard to the confidence we have. Listen, we said that when we guided the second half of the year, we took up the overall guide by close to $100 million. That is mostly based on the momentum of our all-flash Hybrid Cloud storage portfolio. We've raised the second half guide by substantially more than we beat in the second quarter. And it also accounts for the fact that we will have some headwinds through the rest of fiscal year '24 in our cloud subscription business, which will only be partially offset by growth in our cloud consumption business.
George Kurian: Yes. No problem. I'll address that in three steps. I think first is the use of smaller models as opposed to the very, very large model. Yes, that term is distillation. We do see that going on in customers, whereas they kind of run these different models, they begin to realize that you can get as effective an outcome with much faster results and a smaller number of parameters. For example, the demonstration, the live demonstration that we showed at NetApp INSIGHT actually was the distillation. We started with a much larger LLM and we brought it to a much smaller range of parameters because you get the same benefit. So that's going on. The second is with regard to training environment, which is the part of the data life cycle in AI where you aggregate a data set and you train the algorithm or the language model for better answers to be able to either predict a good outcome or generate a relevant outcome. You do need very high-performance storage because the GPUs that drive those algorithms need very, very fast parallel access to data. And with our unstructured data scale-out file system, we feel very well positioned for that. And then the third is with regard to inferencing, inferencing is the part of the data life cycle where you've taken a model and now you want to put it into production on our data set could be on a factory floor, could be in a distributed office. There it really depends on the data set and the use case what type of storage you need. You may need it for larger environments like shop floors, but you may not need super high-performance storage and compute for a very small office, like a claim’s office, for example, in insurance.
George Kurian: It's all -- the block market is a crowded market. We feel very good about our offerings in the mid-range, especially and the ability to offer a single solution with common automation, common administration, common life cycle management for both fire and block. And no other vendor in the market can do that. And so we feel very good. I think the large competitors are clearly Dell and HPE are in the mid-range and then you occasionally see some pure.
George Kurian: On the cost side, listen, I think we will, for the most part, just repurpose those resources to drive growth in our first-party cloud storage, we feel good about the demand environment there, and we want to continue to accelerate that. Whatever cost opportunities they are, it's been factored into the second half guidance that we gave you.
George Kurian: On the cost side, listen, I think we will, for the most part, just repurpose those resources Thank you.
George Kurian: Yes. I think, first of all, we are in the stages of generated AI. Predictive AI is quite mature and has very strong use cases. We have done really well in health care and life sciences in manufacturing, in parts of financial services, lots of use cases, right? And so I think that's mature. It requires good data sets and good data management to make it have the right outcome. With Generative AI, there is obviously a lot of discussion on both regulation as well as judicious use of the technology, everything from fairness to epic to privacy to all kind cybersecurity, all of those things. And I think it will take time. Where we are with most clients today is proof of concepts, right? They are trying to put their data sets together, they are trying to learn what these models, will help them do. And there are some use cases which are really easy to see the benefits from software development. It's very easy to see the benefits from, the more advanced ones where some of these concerns exist. They basically customers move cautiously. So it will take time. These are multiyear use case developments. And so we feel good about where we are at the moment, and we're just realistic that will lead time to build momentum.
George Kurian: The demand picture is still soft and mixed. Overall, we saw some improvements in the U.S., offset by some weakness in Europe. Nothing is not in the public domain. With regard to the customer time, large enterprise is still soft. Tech, for example, tech and service provider spending has not really come back. It is really a customer-by-customer situation versus a broad industry situation. With regard to the demand picture in midsized enterprise, our mid-sized enterprise business performed more robustly and secularly better than our large enterprise business. Public sector continues to be a work in progress. We saw some of the impact of the budget negotiations result in softer budgets for certain agencies. Our business performed well, particularly in the civilian agencies.
George Kurian: In closing, I want to thank the entire NetApp team for their strong execution and operational discipline in Q2, which drove revenue above the midpoint of our guidance and record gross margin, operating margin and EPS. Only NetApp delivers an entire architecture of unified data storage solutions, helping customers operate with seamless flexibility to deploy new applications, unifying their data for AI and simplify data protection in a world of limited IT sources, rapid data growth and increased cybersecurity threats. Innovation in our all-flash storage portfolio enables us to address a broader TAM and we continue to innovate and lead in Public Cloud storage services. Our go-to-market team is laser- focused on these positions of strength, enabling us to deliver strong results in the challenged macro landscape. Looking ahead, I'm confident that the momentum we saw in Q2 will continue through the remainder of fiscal year '24. Thank you.
Mike Berry: Thank you, George. Good afternoon, Mehdi. On your question on product revenue, certainly for fiscal '24 implied in the guidance is continued growth in – or growth in the second half for the product line. Total revenue growth averages about 4% for the second half. We have not guided for fiscal '25 yet, but we certainly would -- we feel good about going into '25 as it relates to our product portfolio and our operational improvements.
Mike Berry: Hi, Meta. This is Mike. I'll take the first one, and then George will take the second one. So the comment in the script was specifically related to no one-time transactions that drove the overachievement product margins. As we look forward through the rest of fiscal '24 and '25. And let's start with the second half of '24, we're currently guiding product gross margins between 58% and 60%. As we all know, we continue to benefit from the lowest component costs we've seen in many years. We have included some room in our guidance to be flexible in pricing as well as mix and capacity. And as we've all seen from the industry analyst reports, we do expect that component pricing has bottomed out in our Q2 and will rise as we go throughout the rest of '24. We do feel very good about our position for the rest of the fiscal year as it relates to purchase agreements that we have struck as well as prebuy. Similar to '24, we are looking to extend that into '25, and we'll continue to work with our suppliers as we go through the rest of the year. I'd also note that, hey, historically, we all know storage industry pricing evolves as component pricing changes, and we expect that trend to continue. So, all that being said, we feel good about the second half of '24, as we've included in our outlook. As we head into '25, we'll see how things progress as it relates to mix, pricing and component costs and will guide '25 when we get to our Q4 call. With that, I'll hand it to George.
Mike Berry: Thanks, George. And I'll refer to George's comments, Steve, when I talk about the sustainability. So as -- so we finished at 61% product margins in Q2. We guided a range of 50% to 60% in the back half. We feel very good about our component costs and the view of that for the rest of our fiscal '24. The reason why we guided slightly lower than Q2 from a margin perspective, that's exactly what George talked about, which is we feel really good about our pricing discipline in our products but we want to make sure and leave room to be flexible should we need that in the second half. That's the one part of the equation that we don't control as much as the cost. So hopefully, that helps. We would not have guided that range if we didn't feel good about it for the second half, Steve.
Mike Berry: Sure. On your question, Asiya, as it relates to linearity, we did see a nice quarter-on-quarter pickup in Q2 which was really driven by the factors that George discussed. And look at the midpoint of guidance for the year, we do expect it to be relatively consistent with the numbers we like to talk about, which is the 48% in the first half and 52% in the second. Again, keep in mind that the good bit of our revenue, thankfully comes from support, very predictable. Hopefully, we can do a little better, but that is -- the midpoint of guidance is pretty much right on linearity.
Mike Berry: Sure. So on two questions there. First of all, on cash flow, and I'll do operating cash flow. We do expect for the year, I talked about it in the prepared remarks, operating cash flow to move relatively consistently with non-GAAP net income. So to your question, yes, as the income increases associated operating cash flow, short of any quarterly fluctuations in working capital. So all good there in terms of free cash flow margins largely moving with operating cash flow. And then on the second question, and I'll answer this on a sequential basis, not a year-over-year basis. As we look from Q1 to Q2, certainly, the mix shift was a significant impact. We did receive some benefit on costs as those older inventories are now completely gone. And then, of course, pricing discipline is in there as well. So I would rank from a sequential perspective, the order that I did in my prepared remarks in terms of mix shift, which is both product and capacity than favorable COGS and then pricing discipline. So hopefully, that helps.
Mike Berry: Okay. And then thanks for the question, Samik. On the question, especially going into fiscal '25 from the product margin, I'll go over a little bit my answer to Meta when he asked the same question. So as we've all seen from the analyst reports, we have -- we do expect that NAND is largely bottomed. We're at the loss component pricing we've been at in a while. We did a really nice job and kudos to the supply chain team for doing the prebuys and purchase agreements for '24. We will certainly look at those and continue to look at those in '25, but it has to make sense for both NetApp and our suppliers. So as we go into '21, there are certainly some levers. The big question there, Samik that I don't have an answer to is what does the market do and pricing do over the next six months. That's why we're going to wait, will guide the margin number when we guide for the full year because we really want to get through the next couple of quarters to see how component pricing goes, what we expect the mix to be. And then what happens from a pricing environment perspective.
