Ron Pasek: Sure. I think we hinted at this at our Analyst Day. There was a cDOT promotion we had run for quite some time, and we were very clear that it pretty much ran its course and it, in fact, did. That definitely helped. As well, I think there were a couple other things that contributed, including better sales execution and discipline, and we didn’t have the charge we had in Q3 of ‘17 as well.
Ron Pasek: Yes, what I tried to say, Sherri, is coming off of Q4, where we grew 7%, down to Q1, where we are seeing a roughly 2% year-over-year growth. We do expect that to accelerate through the year.
Ron Pasek: Well, Kulbinder, as you saw this year, we started out quite low as well and accelerated from 12% in Q1 of ‘17 to over 20% in Q4 of ‘17. So yes, that is the seasonality I was addressing in my prepared remarks, so absolutely.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So the first part of your question Simona, so yes, I think what we had indicated is that we did raise prices in many of our flash products as a result of NAND prices increasing to us. And so in many cases, we did pass that along. The only seasonality you will see in gross margin relates sometimes to Q2 on a product basis. We see year end public sector revenue and margin go up. Otherwise, it’s not that cyclical. I would hesitate to give a long-term guide on product margin. It is certainly our intent and I mentioned this at the Analyst Day that we should be doing better than we are and that is part of our AOP, or annual operating plan, for FY ‘18.
Ron Pasek: I mean so we generally see Q1 as fairly flat to Q4. We have a little higher mix of services revenues, which usually helps gross margin. However, we do have NAND costs still increasing, so that’s a little bit of a headwind. As I mentioned at Analyst Day, I think that will start to dissipate later in the year and certainly into next year. We are maintaining a fairly conservative range for the year, where we are trying some new things with compensation in the sales force. And we want to see them take hold. We will see how that goes. I think it can only be upside.
Ron Pasek: So on the – I was really trying to point out is we had that as a headwind in Q3. It certainly wasn’t there in Q4. The main pieces of benefit were of course better sales execution and the removal of the promo for cDOT.
Ron Pasek: So with respect to ramp of new products yes, in fact SolidFire continues to ramp in the year and some other new products that will come along.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So what I mentioned at Analyst Day for the 3-year period, it would be roughly flat. I also mentioned we would see a slight bump in ‘18 as we will see given we need to give people raises. But other than that, it’s really pretty much flat to what we would have expected. Just to clarify one additional thing, Katy, what we are clear was that we are just continuing to do transformation that we would be using that as a tool to disinvest and reinvest in the business so that the reinvestment is not all incremental.
Ron Pasek: That’s right. I was hinting at that last quarter. We do secure the supply for the remainder of the calendar year, but we only do pricing for the next 90 days in advance. So it was about 1 point headwind in the Q4 quarter. It was about 0.5 point as we enter Q1.
Ron Pasek: And then with respect to NAND supply, remember, we have strategic relationships with suppliers that allow us and afford us different dynamics than perhaps other people in the marketplace. So what I said today and previously are still consistent. So, we see our supply being in good shape and should free up later in the year and into next year.
Ron Pasek: Nothing other than what we indicated at the Analyst Day. So, we really are giving realistic and in some cases conservative estimates and we want to make sure we meet or beat every commitment we made, as we have the last four quarters.
Ron Pasek: Actually, the year ago Q1 – Q1 of ‘17 was actually a pretty good quarter. It really was flat for product revenue. It was down slightly on services only, because we had a 13-week quarter versus 14 the year before. So, if anything, it’s a more difficult compare.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So on the walk on OpEx from Q4 to Q1, it’s simply the fact that we are giving people raises. We are down in Q1 ‘18 versus Q1 a year ago. And again, we are doing some disinvestments and reinvestments. So that is the really simple explanation. That’s it.
Ron Pasek: Yes. What we did last year was had a bigger range to revenue, but it wasn’t mirrored in EPS. So all I did was make them equal, so that it’s more in line with the broader range we had established for revenue.
Ron Pasek: That would be our – well, not necessarily growth rate, but it would have our highest – it would be our highest revenue quarter for the year and that would be our traditional seasonal pattern, yes.
Ron Pasek: Yes. I mean as I said, we see a little bump up in Q1 simply because we are giving people raises. Absent that, what you tend to see is it follow essentially variable comp, which would be higher in the second half of the year and that’s really about it. Again, we are in a net zero headcount growth environment, so you shouldn’t see any growth in headcount causing any cyclicality in OpEx.
George Kurian: We have also introduced a new class of high-value products and ONTAP 9.1 software that continues to differentiate our portfolio. So, overall, strong new products differentiation there, continued sales force discipline and execution as well as removing the clustered ONTAP migration program now that the majority of the migrations are done. With regard to EMC, as we said, we have competitive programs in place and we see continued momentum from those competitive programs. In Q4, we accelerated the rate of EMC take-outs for 2 – 1 a day, and we mentioned that it was once every few days at the Analyst Day. I think in Q4, we have accelerated that to once per day, representing the fact that we have got the best all-flash array portfolio in the market.
George Kurian: We had a good quarter in public sector, representing both market share gains as well as execution by our field organizations. I would tell you that the outlook for public sector depends on the budget that the new administration passes. I think we have a broad book of business in the public sector market. So my sense is that it’s too early to tell, but defense is probably strengthened and civilian is probably hampered a little bit by the – if the budget passes the way it’s shaped. We have got a broad book of business, and we continue to demonstrate leadership and execution in that market.
George Kurian: I think we are in the early innings of the transition to all-flash. I would tell you our total opportunity is not only within our installed base where all-flash systems are less than 10% of our large and growing installed base, but also in displacing competitor frame arrays and legacy storage environments. So we are in the early stages of a multiyear transition from disk to flash, and we feel very well positioned to capitalize on that market transition. We are the fastest-growing vendor in the all-flash array market. It’s outpacing our competitors, large and small. I think if you look at our numbers, we are up 140% year-over-year as compared to others who are in the 30% range. And if you look quarter-on-quarter, we are up 24% as opposed to them down sequentially in the same range. So we feel very, very good about our portfolio.
George Kurian: I think first of all, the confidence in our employees, customers and reseller partners is exceptionally good. I think the turnaround has been seen positively by everybody and we are attracting the world’s best talent to NetApp. I think in terms of the compensation plan, the coverage model and some of the things that we talked about at the Financial Analyst Day, we recently implemented that at the start of May, which is the plan for the new fiscal year, fiscal ‘18. And so we are going to play that out through the course of this year. I think we entered the year with a really strong capacity number in terms of quota bearing heads, which is what we had said that as part of transformation, we are going to redeploy investments from non-quota bearing roles to quota bearing roles and we feel really good. The momentum in the product portfolio demonstrated market share gains and the right amount of capacity to execute our game plan for this year. And as I mentioned, we intend to grow product revenue year-on-year this year, accelerating through the course of the year.
George Kurian: We are gaining new customers, new workloads and existing customers. And the two of them are represented by the fact that we are based on public market data from IDC, for example, the fastest growing major SAN vendor, fiber channel storage vendor, which is a net new market for NetApp. We have converted a small percentage, as I mentioned less than 10% of our install base to all-flash arrays. So the majority of our growth is coming from outside our installed base.
George Kurian: I think it’s too early to comment. I think we do see the opportunity to access new markets and new geographies using both software as well as hardware. So we have succeeded in some of the smart city projects that are going on in Asia Pacific – in the Asia Pacific region, using a new type of integrator that combines NetApp storage with other components of a broad based smart city solution. That’s one example. We will communicate more through the course of the year as news becomes available. But in the broad context, the combination of software assets from NetApp, like ONTAP Select or SolidFire software as well as the opportunity to create new solutions through new pathways makes us believe that OEM is no longer a place which declines, but rather flattens out or starts to grow moderately.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the mature solutions, I think first of all, we had said that as – the three components of mature solutions were add-on storage, OEM and 7-Mode. And they are increasingly becoming a smaller part of our overall business. So the year-on-year declines in them are frankly, smaller than they would be. The preponderant majority of that business is OEM and add-on storage at this point. And therefore, those will not be, as I said subject to the same rate of declines. 7-Mode is now a much, much smaller percentage of our business. If you think about the shipments out of the factory, they are 95% clustered ONTAP. And so we think that mature overall, as we had said many times, will be a place of stability or modest – very modest decline going forward.
George Kurian: So we feel good about the portfolio we have to-date that have – we have just finished a very strong quarter. We think that many of the solutions that we saw this quarter have expanded potential and we will continue to demonstrate additive innovations to the portfolio over the course of the year, stay tuned. With regard to the customer base and the partner channel on clustered ONTAP, we have migrated a substantial percentage of that customer base as we have communicated, 2 clustering from 7-Mode. We have also trained our partner channel and trained our customers to achieve those migrations themselves. So we have given them tools, methodologies and allowed them to shadow us as we help them do the migrations. The remainder of those migrations will happen at the pace that customers take on IT projects. They will be a part of the broader IT agenda of customers. And so we feel very good. We have got the big percentage of our installed base migrated. We have seen real success with both clustered ONTAP and all-flash clustered ONTAP, called All Flash FAS and we think that we have established a compelling value proposition for customers to migrate over the remainder of the installed base.
George Kurian: We are displacing the EMC products, primarily VMAXs and VNXs as we tear out old SAN environments and replace them with All Flash FAS. We are also looking forward to displacing old Isilon environments with ONTAP 9.2. So we...
George Kurian: Okay, that’s a lot of questions, but let me take them in sequence. With regard to EMC channel programs, we have a strong group of channel partners that do a lot of business with NetApp that are focused on NetApp. I think the success of our All Flash FAS products, the success of our competitive programs, the success of FlexPod in an all-flash configuration are all indications of the strength of our channels and the focus that we have. I think EMC may sweep up some of the marginal partners, but they are not the core focus of our channel program. The second is with regard to the pricing dynamics in customers, we are uniquely positioned with clustered ONTAP to enable customers to move workloads between an all-flash configuration and a hybrid flash configuration that combines flash with disk seamlessly. So, we are able to provide customers a choice of both. We did see strength in our hybrid flash platforms this quarter as well, but it’s too early to tell whether that was a reflection of pricing. It would be remiss of me to speculate on what other people would do. I think we felt that it was important for us to stay consistent to prior practice and future practice that we pass through to customers the increases in component costs as well as the decreases in component cost as they happen.
George Kurian: No, nothing substantive there. I think it’s just mix and transactions, timing of transactions. I don’t think there is anything systematic. I think we have had a good progress with our channel partners and we have seen strength in terms of total product revenue growth across both. FlexPod, in particular, we had a really strong year and second half of the year in particular with FlexPod through the FlexPod Advantage and All Flash FAS programs. So I would say that it probably reflects more the strength of the indirect channel through that model.
George Kurian: With regard to your second question, I would say we had very clear swim lanes and use cases that we described for our all-flash array platforms. And that allows customers to make ongoing purchase decisions with confidence in these roadmaps. With regard to offerings of both ONTAP and SolidFire, I would just tell you we have had a tradition of making ONTAP and SolidFire available as standalone systems as part of converged infrastructure, software and as a service model. And what you will see with SolidFire is its offering in a hyper-converged form factor. So it’s consistent with practice. Our customers like the fact that they can operate a storage environment across all of these use cases. It gives them a huge return on both training as well as automation and management and monitoring infrastructure, unlike our competitors who have a different operating system for every single use case.
George Kurian: Not at all, I think we feel real confident, right. If you look at the strategic portfolio, it accelerated through the year both in terms of its size as a percentage of our business as well as growth rates. Just take a look, last quarter, it was up 22% on product revenue; strategic product revenue this quarter, 24%. Last year, it was 14% at this time. So we feel real good about the product portfolio. I think it’s – there is two things, right. I think one is we want to make sure that when we give you guidance, we can achieve those estimates and it’s really that. And then the second is we continue to watch the macro. And as we get more color through the course of the year, we will certainly give you a better outlook as it becomes available. But it has got nothing to do with competitive dynamics. If you look at our market share numbers in all-flash arrays, we are outpacing all these guys. I would tell you that some of the competitor moves are desperation moves to catch us rather than us feeling worried about them.
George Kurian: It’s a small number of employees. It is factored into the operating margin guidance that we gave you. So it will not be dilutive to operating margins. And at this point, we are not disclosing the terms of the transaction.
George Kurian: Yes. Flash still has – even with an increase in the cost of an SSD on $1 per gigabyte basis, flash still has compelling advantages from a total cost of ownership, right, density, power consumption, operational benefits. So there is a lot of other reasons why people would continue to choose flash. I think what we find is, we continued to have this benefit that when we position our solution to customers, they can buy into an architecture that ensures them against material moves in the price, right. Unlike our competitors who only have an all-flash storage system, we can go ahead and tell a customer, buy our clustered ONTAP architecture. And you know what, if the price of flash goes up substantially for a period of time, you can deployed a disk-based solution or a hybrid solution for those discretionary workloads that absolutely do not need an all-flash environment, right. And that’s really how we position it. Flash continues to have material advantages over disk from a total cost of ownership perspective. That needs to be factored into the calculations.
George Kurian: Thanks Kris. We successfully completed the first phase of our transformation. We delivered against all our commitments for fiscal year ‘17 and returned the company to growth with expanded earnings growth. We are well positioned for sustained growth going forward. The majority of our systems business is in the high growth all-flash array market and the market is in the early days of the shift from disk to flash. Our compelling hyper-converged infrastructure solution will leapfrog the first generation HCI products by bringing HCI to the enterprise with cloud integration and the ability to run multiple workloads on a shared infrastructure. And we continue to expand our opportunity through organic and inorganic innovation. Entering the next phase of our transformation, we will focus on three priorities; expanding our opportunity with continued emphasis on the growth areas of the market, the way we deliver our solutions and reaching new buyers, making fundamental changes to enable reinvestment in the business while continuing to drive the expansion of our operating margins, as we have demonstrated this year and continuing our robust and balanced capital allocation program. Thank you to all our partners and shareholders for supporting us during this period of transition. And I want to say a special thank you to the NetApp team for leading into transformation and accelerating our turnaround. I am proud of our progress and especially of you, our world class team. I look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
