Thomas Georgens: My answer is no to your second part of the question. I think at this point in time, the trajectory of the full year guidance is going to be a function of the macro, and I don't think that's what we're going to predict. When I think about the guidance we gave, the EPS was already in line so we're certainly not off our EPS trajectory, certainly not after one quarter. And the revenue's certainly a little bit behind, but if we have some reasonable health in the market, I'm more than of the belief that we can close the gap. The July thing was obviously surprising, as you can well imagine. We just came off Analyst Day. So the last thing we've done is that if we didn't believe we were saying, it would have been hard to pull up Analyst Day, but we were in good shape. I mean, we exploded out April, we closed last quarter exceptionally strong. We're very pleased with how last quarter ended. May was very strong so we came out of the shoot [ph]. So there was no evidence that we had drained the swamp. We had no business to carry into this year. And June was strong. so we were rolling. We were ahead on the results. We were ahead on the forecast, and we felt really, really good about where we were. But the combination of April and May was the best 60-day period we had in the whole year. So for us, I think we felt pretty good. Now what we didn't know at the time -- let me be clear, we did know at the time that we were a little uneven. The Federal business was clearly lagging, and we saw that. But we were overpowering it on the strength of basically the Asia/Pac and the EMEA business. And the feeling was that we don't necessarily have to hit on all 4 cylinders to get there. And we have a lot of confidence in the federal team so we thought they might be able to close the gap as the quarter progressed. But it turns out to be more of a struggle, and I don't know whether the debt ceiling was a factor or not. It's probably safe to assume it didn't help us any. But what we didn't expect is the U.S. side of the house weakened as the quarter wore on as well. And financial services, in particular, I wouldn't go so far as the say they were the only one. But I'd say if you look at our other businesses, we have accounts that were up, accounts that were down. But financial services, the fact that all 6 of them in our major accounts program was down is an indicator that something's going on there that I don't think is specific to NetApp. So it's probably the big wrinkle is the federal team, which as you follow our performance is dramatically outperforming the industry. They thought they could close the gap and turns out they couldn't, but I think the U.S. surprise was the other one. And while on the other hand, the International business remains strong. And the other thing I'd say is across the U.S., it wasn't all weak. Our state and local were strong. Our telcos were strong. Our channel was strong. Our new customer acquisition was strong. It's really around large accounts that are specifically financial services.
Thomas Georgens: Clearly, that's a fair question on your behalf and also internally to the company, particularly where we come up a little bit short on revenue. And I think it's fair. I think the answer to that we probably ask is first and foremost, we need to look inside first. The numbers certainly correspond to weakness that certainly other people are reporting so it's very plausible that would make sense, but I think we need to investigate ourselves. So I mean, first and foremost, the high-level bet is whether it be EMC or HP or IBM or Dell with new offerings. I think it was too sudden and too concentrated to think it was suddenly a competitive issue. And on top of that, on the federal side, that's an area where we're very, very strong and none of those guys are reporting competitive losses. If you go beyond that, I think that the margins were strong so there wasn't any indication that we we're seeing margin degradation. So I think the proximate cause of the shortfall in revenue relative to our plan, I don't believe was competitive. I think the question that we are evaluating is while it might not have been the approximate cause of the revenue shortfall, a lot of these various different products nibbling at us around the edges. And where that becomes relevant is we need to make an assessment as to whether we think Federal and the Americas are going to bounce back quickly. And if we're going to double down in some other area, then clearly understanding the dynamics of those other sectors in the market matter to us. But I think from a purely competitive perspective, I'd say just the nature of it, the timing, the specificity of it, the fact that it's a handful of accounts we have, a lot of intelligence into those accounts. I don't think it's competitive. Could there be nibbling around the edges to the rest of the business that chopped off a little of our upside? Perhaps and that's what we're looking at.
Thomas Georgens: Well, to some extent that is baked into part of our guidance. I think the question that nobody's going to know the answer to until October 1 is where are they. Federal spending is reportedly behind and we have different schools of thought, one of was that austerity is coming, and they're going to spend every cent they possibly have now. And there's another school of thought that says austerity is coming and they want to conserve cash now. So we'll see what happens. I think the debt ceiling dynamic was a little bit different because they were facing this arbitrary deadline of August 2 and cash hoarding to extend that deadline, I think, might have been in play. But I don't want to dwell too much on that and speculate. The bottom line here is I think there's a few moving parts on the government. I think we took our best shot. Certainly, we're anticipating that our U.S. Public Sector will be up significantly from this quarter as it typically is. But the dynamic of that business, and this year is no different, is that a substantial amount of budget is still not allocated to individual projects until the end. And a fair amount of the activity in that business has positioned themselves in the event money becomes available. And for the question, there's really 2 questions. One of them is how much money will be available and what projects will it fund? And correlate to that, and what agencies? And that will determine whether we're successful or not. So what do I think? I think the government being the government, they'll find a way to spend all their money. It will probably be a last minute thing, but I can predict which agencies will get what funding.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, from our guidance point of view, our financial services is kind of buried into a broad Americas number. So as the team rolls up from the field, and we're looking at bookings forecast and the things of the like, that's kind of buried in there and factored in. We don't do specific vertical forecast. Certainly, I don't. As far as EMEA, we'll see. I think EMEA was remarkably strong. One of the things about -- we didn't go through it in the script is sometimes, there's a little bit of a spread between the bookings performance and the reported revenue performance and the revenues kind of mixed up now between the 2 businesses. But the EMEA booking performance was really strong. Even if you adjust out the currency effects, we're very, very pleased with what happened in EMEA and really across all the territories, including the mature ones, the U.K., France and Germany. So I think we're anticipating continued strength. We just did that in a quarter where certainly the German GDP growth was not that impressive yet we still had a pretty good quarter. So my general sense of the business is yes, we have these backdrops, but I expect to overachieve against the backdrops. So we've been doing it for the last year and if Europe's weak, obviously, that's not going to make it easier for us, but I expect us to do better than most.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think we're talking about roughly a $6.7 billion number, and we're talking about being $50 million behind after one quarter. And it doesn't take much of a move in a favorable direction to get us in pretty good shape. So I think we're a long way away from that. Now I think right now, trying to extrapolate $50 million, the macro's going to have a bigger lever on driving that one way or the other. The other part of it is the deferred revenue coming off the balance sheet that we built in prior years is going to get stronger as the year goes on so I think we have that buffeting the business. So our business doesn't hinge quarter-to-quarter purely on bookings. We also have some underlying -- it's roughly 1/3 to 40% of our overall revenue is actually coming off the balance sheet. So I think that gives us some stability both on the revenue side and on the margin side, frankly. But I think going forward, I mean, one thing that was -- we were in really good shape midway through the quarter. And in one of our geographies, we're behind so I don't think that we need to execute to perfection to get to that number. I just think we need to see some rebound, either a little bit in both of the 2 that underperformed or one of them coming completely back. So as far as the full year, it's way too early to tell. And I think even if the climate got no better than it is today that, that $50 million plus the guidance that we put in this quarter is recoverable as the year wears on.
Thomas Georgens: Okay, so the answer is no. We're executing our strategy. We did not -- actually, last quarter since it was so late at the end of the quarter, there was our time to do that, but we haven't substantially changed things this quarter either. We are still hiring. We're still pushing ahead, and we are still -- the gross margins are ahead of plan. Some of the efficiencies and some of the transaction we just did is ahead of plan. And if EPS is still on plan, I don't see any reason to change anything, and our guidance reflects that. So I see no reason to panic. Yes, we had a couple of slowdowns in a couple sectors. If it deteriorates from here, clearly, we'll change direction. I think if there's one thing we've proved in the last downturn, where we actually got back to our operating plan in one quarter is that if we put the brakes on, we can put the brakes on hard, but we're not doing that now. I still see -- there's way too many pockets where we are outperforming and gaining share. And as long as that's the case, we're going to invest in them. Now if it looks like the government and financial services or even some other sectors of the U.S. is protracted. We may realign resources, but we're in no means constraining OpEx. Clearly, we're trying to protect our guidance so we're trying to protect the guidance we gave for the year as well on the EPS side. But we're not -- we're certainly not in panic mode. I don't see any business distress here. We're going through some tough sector weaknesses and we're going to ride through it and we're going to monitor it closely.
Thomas Georgens: I'm trying to envision whether we want to be the canary in the coal mine or not. I'd love to think that this is just a flash in the pan and we're back to normal soon. I would say what was different last time was that the symptom that we saw then was lots of deals that were being struck that we were in technical evaluation and then it was difficult to get transactions signed. And while we certainly see some of that, it's not as widespread as it was last time. So that's what I would say is the biggest difference is that we still did a fair number of large transactions. They were just hard to close at some industries than others, and then you have this big government overhang, which is completely different. So if you took the Fed piece out, I think the story would look a lot different. So I don't feel like we're on the trajectory that we were in a couple years back. I may feel that way 90 days from now, but it doesn't yet feel that way today. In fact, this government thing -- I don't know how much the political overhang is a factor here, and we'll just see what happens. But right now, I think we're just going to assume that the current environment is going to stay roughly at this level going forward, and we'll see where goes from there. But right now, it still seems to be a little bit localized and it'll either heal itself or it will get worse. And right now, we're just going to assume steady state.
Thomas Georgens: Of the things that we have in our favor is the deferreds again. So last year, we went through a whole year where the deferreds were basically flat all year. So we had roughly 1/3 to 40% of our revenue generating no growth, and we just overpowered that with extremely strong product growth. This year, those deferreds that we put on the balance sheet during those growth periods are actually going to stop to create growth for us so we'll actually see roughly 20% growth in the deferreds as the year wears on. So from that perspective, I think we have that base to build on. So if you think about it in terms of what the incremental year-over-year product growth is going to achieve the numbers, it's not quite as intimidating.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think we have a number of variable costs, not the least of which is our hiring plan. But right now, I guess that's kind of a hypothetical conversation. That's not really what's dominating our thought process at this point in time. As I think about market share gains, clearly that's going to be in the context of an overall adequate P&L performance. And we're certainly not going to chase market share gains all the way into a loss position. And frankly several years ago, we didn't do that. In fact, once it was clear that market share gains weren't there to be had and the industry was in distress, we actually reduced OpEx and it was one of the few painful layoffs in our history. So it isn't, it's market share at any price. I just think that we're in a situation where the revenue is a little weak. On the other hand, our earnings were right there. Our gross margins were strong. It doesn't appear that we're losing competitive position. There are certain geographies where we're exceptionally strong. Right now, I think what we're probably spending a little bit more time on is which of these areas are going to come back, which ones do we think are going to come back or do we kind of let those go for a little while, maintain investment and reinvest in other areas where we have some strength. So I think our aspiration is unless the market deteriorates substantially from where we are today, our goal is to get back to our guidance even if we have to make it up in other areas. So that's really where we are. And make no mistake, if the market deteriorates and we're dropping and if there just isn't business to be had, we're going to protect the P&L. At the very least, try to protect the EPS guidance we gave. But beyond that, as long as we're in the range, we're going to try and find ways to eke out growth out of this environment wherever the opportunity lies.
Thomas Georgens: I have no magic number. I think that the first thing that we would probably try to do is protect the EPS guidance we gave. And I think that's where we want to be. And I think we have a fair amount of investment leverage and still be able to do that even if the market doesn't materially improve from here. Now a couple years ago, we did a few things, some of which I think were probably obvious to the outside world looking at the P&L, but some of them are very specific internally. And that is we had a clear message to us to the team and that is there's a lot of initiatives we want to pursue, but the spending levels are flat. So in the context of a flat investment environment, how are we going to fund these initiatives? And we put a pretty big effort on one of the low yield activities we have underway that we are going to shed so we can move to stop the things that matter going forward. And I think we did that. And out of that, we shed some product lines and it was painful. I think we crisped up our marketing message. I think we did a bunch of things that served us well. So I think that even under the covers of an investment is that realigning the investments, whether it's realigning them geographically to take advantage of market opportunities, whether it's product side. But as far as an ultimate threshold, I would say it depends on what we see happening. If we think it's competitive, we might do one thing. If we think it's a regional slowdown, we might do something else. But I don't really want to commit to that number. Our focus is going to be on EPS, and clearly we want to protect the EPS guidance that we just gave. The other thing that I think is somewhat in our back pocket, which will play out a little at a time, I think is synergies from the acquisition we just did. I think we're seeing probably the near term supply lines synergy of just basically our buying power coming into play. I think as time goes on, we'll basically bring them into our manufacturing fold and get leverage there as opposed to have split manufacturing like we do today. And I think in the longer run, there's obviously some engineering synergies around common components. So I think that there's Engenio leverage over time that will play out. And we opened up some transition services underway with them because we did not buy an operating business, we just bought assets. So there's still some dependency on the other side that we'll try and wind down over time. So I think there's a number of sources of synergies and reprioritization even before we think about increasing the OpEx envelope.
Thomas Georgens: I think that's a question of how widespread this becomes. If the federal has -- in the federal accounts, I don't think they were standing across the table saying, "You guys are too expensive. If you guys were cheaper, we would buy." I think they were saying, "We don't have any money. We're not going to buy anything." If it becomes more widespread, then you have the inevitable issue of too much worldwide sales capacity chasing too many deals and limited opportunities then people can't afford to lose any, and as a result, pricing becomes very competitive. And I wouldn't rule out that we'll see some of that in the financial services side if this continues. But I say that, in general, we're not in that state on a worldwide basis yet. So I'm not anticipating any significant pressure from the margin side other than what we normally see. It's interesting that I took a look at that myself and we actually saw lower discounting this past quarter than we did in the prior quarter. And it's noticeable, it had a slight impact on the prior gross margins. That's one of the reasons why the product gross margins are stronger. So if it is getting more competitive, we haven't seen it yet. So I would characterize it the same way I have over the past several years, Bill, is that it is a tough market out there. It is very competitive all the time, and people will do something to get a footprint in a particular installation or customer site. But at the end of the day, I don't think this quarter we saw anything to give it any indication that the competitive situation has changed.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think at this point we're just trying to develop an intuition for the business. Even the question of did we see the same July effect in the Engenio business as we saw in the rest of the business is still something that we're trying to sort out. One of the things that's a little bit different dynamic is that the big customers in that business have quarter ends that don't line up with ours. So at this point, I think we're just trying to build up our own intelligence around the business and what the seasonality's going to be. So I don't think we want to tip the numbers up or down. I think we're very pleased how we came out of the shoot. I'd say, probably from a pure accretion perspective, I think we're ahead of where we are. There's still opportunities on the cost side as time goes on as well. So, so far so good. But even if the core business was strong, and I don't think that we would be changing our expectations for the new E-Series business just yet. In terms of in the market, the OEMs continue. Teradata was very, very strong. IBM is continuing. We had good conversations with Oracle this quarter amid all the noise. And we have commitments from them that this business will continue unchanged. On the branded side, the enthusiasm is very high. There's nothing like a $14 million deal to get people's attention. But even beyond that, the amount of activity, the ability to getting all that stuff through our systems and parts of them because we're shipping the branded stuff out of our systems, not through LSIs, has been a little slow. That's probably the only execution concern I'd have. But the enthusiasm for the field, the amount of bids that are out there, the amount of opportunities being pursued, the OEM business appears to be on track. It's not as spectacular, but the branded side has a lot of activity and I'm still very optimistic about that.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, and I think we said before that Southern Europe is not material to our European number at this point. So from a risk perspective, I think it's small. And the other message that I'm always quick to point out to the team is that when you have no market share, the macroeconomy doesn't matter. So I think in a lot of those geographies, we don't really have a strong presence that we're building up. So we grew in all of those, in fact. But even if they disappear tomorrow, it wouldn't be material, although we're clearly getting bigger and bigger as each quarter goes by. But the general European trend, the German GDP numbers that were reported this week were a bit of a surprise to me. Because in general, I kind of felt over the last year, the Germans in particular were remarkably bullish. In light of everything else that's going on, they were enormously confident. And I'm not just talking about our sales guys, I'm talking about the customers themselves. And we'll see if that confidence is shaken. But in the midst of this relatively low GDP quarter, they still bought a lot of stuff, and they still showed a lot of confidence. So I guess it's just like anything else. As long as we're winning and gaining share, we're going to continue to invest. And the papers are interesting, but until they affect our business, we're not going to do anything different.
Thomas Georgens: So in terms of the growth numbers and a percentage of revenue associated with APAC, part of that is related to the new business that we acquired so that adds to the APAC number because a number of them have manufacturing facilities out there on the OEM side. But that said on the core business side, it was very, very strong. And even Japan had double-digit growth, and all the other geographies did better. The key thing there, not surprisingly, is really leadership. We've replaced a lot of our leaders in a lot of these geographies. A lot of them have been in place now for 1 year to 1.5 years and we're seeing the impact. Asia/Pac had a very, very good booking quarter last -- a very, very good booking year last year, and they had a very, very good first quarter. So I think we're just plain executing better. Now that said, as a percentage of our revenue, it still needs to be higher. So that means by definition, we're underpenetrated in a number of geographies so we need to keep doing better. But overall, I think that as a company, I've got more confidence in the Asia/Pac team than at any time in my tenure at NetApp.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think the essence of 8.1 is it's the first time we're going to broadly marry our enterprise data management software suite with clustering to basically bring that at scale. And that's got applications in many dimensions, including obviously the obvious ones on the purely performance side and the scalability side and content repository side. But the thing that's especially unique about it is that we bring the data management suite that we're bringing to enterprise customers and traditional business apps, that we're marrying that with true scale and true clustering. That's really going to be the only platform of its type that's targeted at the enterprise customer. So it's really a monetization of storage for the enterprise customer. Most of the enterprise applications are still running on architectures that are 15 or 20 years old. So that is really the big push on this. Now it will spill over into high-performance computing, it will spill over to technical computing and a lot of the scalability boundary limits and things like that will be relaxed so it will make these things easier to manage. So value proposition, I think, is clearly the ability to bring our broader value proposition to a greater set of customers and a greater set of applications. For existing customers, obviously, the manageability and the scalability and the performance and the ability to manage storage as a pool as opposed to an individual box, I think will have tremendous advantages from a complexity perspective or performance perspective. And really the ability to build a virtualized infrastructure, the ability to build a broad storage pool to serve a big server farm that's capable of running multiple apps at the same time and manage security, manage performance, manage capacity, manage cost. So I think from that perspective, I think that's a generic value proposition where the industry is up or the industry is down. I think what it will do is it will broaden the applicability of our storage efficiency technologies, our deduplication for primaries which we're still the only player to do that broadly, the thin provisioning, the use of ATA drives. So what we'll be able to do is bring that storage value proposition, which I think will be particularly relevant in the downturn. It certainly was the last time. I think that the storage efficiency messaging really helped us a lot as the economic -- we're depressed. So overall, my view is I think what it'll do is it will broaden the applicability of those things that do have value in a downturn, which is primarily storage efficiency. But it will also open up new sets of customers and new sets of apps to us. But perhaps there are some who are concerned about our scalability in the past. So is there anything specific about a downturn that would make this particularly applicable? No, just the ability to deploy storage efficiency more broadly. But absent that, I think this is a fundamentally different approach to enterprise storage, and it's going to be a big departure from what customers have and really deliver what I think is unquestionably the biggest software feature set in the industry and bring that to enterprise apps and scale.
Thomas Georgens: Well, the other thing that we didn't have last year is that we have the deferreds growing at a reasonable rate that we didn't have a year ago and that will clearly help us on this particular dimension. As far as deals bill being shelved or whatever, I'd say more so on the federal side than on the commercial side, including financial services. I don't think that any of them have suddenly sat down and re-architected and recrafted their budgets for the entire year, and everybody has new budgets. I think people are operating under the old rules and basically spending is being modulated at high levels when these things have to be signed off. So I'd say on the federal side, clearly, projects have been deferred. I'd say, on the U.S. side and particularly in the financial services sector, I think those are still in the delayed. And if things look a little better, will approve of type of mode.
Thomas Georgens: On the server side, I don't think that the Intel refresh has had that a big of an impact on our business. In some ways, you could argue it would be the opposite. I think if they have a big server spend coming up, they might spend less on storage. I don't really know, but I've never really seen the correlation there. What's interesting about our business is that the customer behavior is actually more driven by platform refreshes than they are software refreshes. So the thing about 8.1 is it's going to run on the platforms that we currently ship so if they make an investment in the platform today and then they can upgrade to 8.1, it isn't like the equipment is obsolete. So from that perspective, I'm not expecting that there's a big waiting for 8.1 to come along. I just don't see that. If 8.1 only ran on a platform, a new platform that only ran 8.1, then it would be a little bit different, but I just don't think that's the case. So the server thing, I think, is somewhat irrelevant. But what I do think, though, is that the demand tends to flow towards the newer platforms. And I think we see that with the 3000, we see that with the 6000. I mean, the 6000 just blew it out. And I think that some of that is people might be buying a new 6000 instead of a couple 3000s, to kind of get on the new technology at the high end. I think that some of that's happening to with the 2000s. They'll buy a 3000 instead of a couple of 2000s. And then the public sector business hit. If you look at our 2000 family, it kind of goes into a few categories. There are some that goes into the big accounts for like branch office type of things. And that was kind of mediocre. There's the Channel business, which mostly goes to midsized enterprise and small businesses, state, local governments. That was actually strong. And then there was the public sector use, which could be anything from ships to cars to boats to planes to whatever. And that was very weak. And that was the big mover on the platforms this quarter.
