Ron Pasek: Yes, Wamsi. Good question. On a year-over-year basis, most of it was mixed meaning we saw a higher percent this quarter of all-flash that we did say last quarter. Some of that was also cost reduction, not just on other things as well. That was in the face of having ELAs in the quarter. That goes against you. I did contemplate the ability to keep this level of gross margin through the rest of fiscal year and you saw that in the increase of the total margin guide.
Ron Pasek: Yes. So, remember, as we go through the fiscal year this for Q3 and Q4, product revenue becomes a larger part of the total, which overall is dilutive to overall margin, right? So, you can't just look at the numbers that you're holding total margin flat to Q3 therefore, you don't have an ELA, because of mix of product versus services is higher in Q3 obviously. So, there is some ELA in Q3 and there are absolutely some in Q4.
Ron Pasek: Well, again, you've got the benefit of ELAs in Q3 and Q4 which you didn't have essentially last year Q3, Q4 to a great extent. That helps in all the things meaningful.
Ron Pasek: So, we've made some progress. You can see that we're essentially flat when you adjust for FX. We still have some work to do. There is some organizational work we're doing. There is some process work we're doing. You can't see that yet manifested itself in growth, but as George indicated the installed base is growing and we believe that eventually we will get back to growth as well. And you can see that in the deferred revenue number. So, it's not going backwards, which is good as it did in Q4 of last year, but we still have some work to do.
Ron Pasek: So, Amit, I think if you look at where we are in the quarter and then implied in some of the guide for the rest of the year, we are at the model we articulated at our Analyst Day for product margins 1.5 year ago. So, we said 55% at that point after the 606 change, I said 56% to 57%. And so, yes, I believe it's completely sustainable. It's a good 10 points below one of our competitors who is an all-flash competitor. It's 10 points above where we were two years ago so it's a really good place to be and it gives us a lot of flexibility to still be aggressive, but not under earn.
Ron Pasek: I think when you think about the guide, we have two quarters of actuals and guiding Q3 discreetly. So, you essentially have three of the four quarters. I think it would be strange to keep the same 5% to 10% down when in fact we kind of know where we think we'll be in Q4. Remember Q4 last year is a relatively easy compare, we were down 3%. So, getting to that number should not be that difficult whereas the first half of this year was much more difficult compare. Couple that with effect that we have ELAs in the second half, we didn't have in the first half just felt like it was a better thing to do.
Ron Pasek: And Ananda, you're right. I did and mention in the Q2 guide, we had factored in some amount of ELA which of course did not come through. And it was essentially the entire miss to the midpoint. It simply flaps into Q3. So yes, we've had sector where we thought with the exception that one ELA.
Ron Pasek: It's something that we are focused on in the sense that we're trying to get more efficient. Having said that, I don't want to be too much more higher than where we are today. It's not something I contemplated in our long-term guide at our Analyst Day, it's much about what we saw in this quarter. So, I think there is good work being done, there is some more work we can do, but [Technical Difficulty] upside to that number.
George Kurian: We aren't going to give you guidance on the CDS business. I think as we said, we've taken longer than we originally expected to get to general availability given the technical sophistication of what we are offering to customers. The total addressable market is there. We are seeing a lot of demand and interest from customers and we're adding customers and growing footprints on a daily basis. We are going to just need to keep doing the work necessary to scale and enable all of the pathways associated with being able to take the solution to market and to replicate the wins that we've got across a broad range of workloads into more customers. So, we're focused on execution at this point.
George Kurian: With regard to ELAs, Rod, I think the fundamental thing that we are doing with them is to enable streamlined customer purchasing. It doesn't require them to spend the whole amount of the ELA upfront. It's really to make their overall multiyear procurement agreements with us a lot more streamlined and to enable us to get a broader strategic footprint in the account. We know these accounts, some of them have intending events that this would clearly enable things to get more streamlined. And so, we're working in, right? We have visibility into these accounts. We know who these accounts are and we're working hard to bring this forward.
George Kurian: So, I'm not really sure I understand your question. We guiding total revenue. We're not even specific product revenue and within that, not all-flash. So, I'm not sure, I quite understand where you're going with that. But we feel good about our position in the hybrid array market. We are without question across a range of customer and analyst surveys, the best hybrid array vendor. We've introduced two new models. I think what we are framing up for the next quarter guide is really an overall product number. We're not forecasting it to the level of specific product components at this point.
George Kurian: We are up a few percentage points. We're up at 22% of the installed base now being on AFA. As we've said before, our installed base is growing and so while we ship a lot of new systems each quarter, the size and scope of the installed base and its growth leaves the total AFA penetration at a small number which allows us to have opportunity to continue to refresh over time the rest of the installed base.
George Kurian: Some of those customers that have not upgraded so far, there is a small number. But certainly, some of those if they look at the economics today of a platform like our C190, they would choose to go all-flash than go to a 10K disk-based system, because the economics are already better with our solutions to replace 10K drives.
George Kurian: We saw Q2 relatively unchanged from Q1. And as we said at the start of the year, Q1 was a step down from calendar Q1 which was our fiscal Q4 of last year, but there were no major changes overall in terms of the trajectory from Q1 in terms of spending. Customers continue to be cautious. They are scrutinizing transactions. They're buying for what they need today and the differentiation for offerings is clearly visible in the fact that our gross margins were really, really strong. With regard to EMEA, our teams have done a really good job and I want to salute our sales teams, there is a lot of execution that has been a big part of our strength in EMEA.
George Kurian: Listen, what we said on the Q1 call was that the quarterly results reflected two-thirds macro, one-thirds sales execution. And so, it was a reflection of the macro in the purchasing behavior of our largest customers that drove the majority of the impact in Q1. We've always believed that our portfolio is really strong and given our position in the market, we have ample room to capture more accounts and to invest some of the really strong gross margin leverage that we're seeing into investment in field sales coverage. We've always believed, our story is differentiated in the market. We're doing exciting things and we are an attractive place to work. So, we've been pleasantly surprised with our ability to hire good quality salespeople and we're focused on getting them productive and ramping them. I think I would just say we are heads down and focused on execution. Q2 saw an improvement relative to Q1 in terms of our ability to execute and capture the deals in front of us. We got to keep doing that. And I expect us to continue to do that through the course of the year.
George Kurian: With regard to your comment about Dell EMC, we feel very good about our solution set. We are seen by Gartner and customers as the leader for Primary Storage and we are the only vendor in the market with a comprehensive cloud strategy. And so, we feel good about our position in the market and we are going to capitalize on it, which is why we are investing in sales capacity to go capture net new accounts and expand wallet share within existing accounts.
George Kurian: You know over the last year or two, we started to shift the mix of our public sector business to be more program-related and broaden the book of business beyond just the fed to state, local and higher education and other parts of the market. As a result, you will see the business trend toward more of a standard pattern as opposed to a big step up in Q2.
George Kurian: I think in aggregate, we did not see a material change in Q2 from what we saw in Q1. With regard to the exposure of specific verticals and so on, we have a broad book of business. We wouldn't say that we are exposed to any particular vertical to be able to comment specifically about it. I would say it's reflective of the news that you see in the market, right? And there are teams in countries like Germany where the spending pattern is tight, who are executing really, really well for us. And we did see some slowdowns in other parts of the world, but nothing that's unique to NetApp. And our view is, Q2 is reflective of a more stable long-term pattern that we see in the market and it is a materially changed from Q1 and that's what we're planning our business around. To capture the value from our differentiated offerings by being disciplined on price and extracting the value that we feel we deserve, and then investing some of that benefit from gross margin and operating margin leverage into the quarter bearing sales capacity that we talked about last time. And we feel that the combination of the two should allow us to bring -- get our business back to growth over time and continue to deliver the earnings model and returns to shareholders that we've committed to.
George Kurian: Our book of business in the public sector market is increasingly broad. We have diversified our book of business to be deployable in program spending, which is not driven by any specific seasonality pattern. We are growing our footprint in state and local governments, so the public sector business had its normal year end pattern, but the Fed business is a smaller component of our overall public sector business.
George Kurian: We are certainly seeing a broad range of workloads being deployed on our cloud solutions, ecommerce, databases like Oracle and SAP HANA which are high-performance transactional workloads. We see genetics and bio science applications, vertical applications for oil and gas and healthcare. So, really broad set of applications that require consistent performance and high-availability. And I think that's what we are uniquely positioned in the cloud for. There are customers and many that are saying that, listen, if you're going to use you in the cloud, we want to harmonize our on-premises environment, so that we can move workloads between the two landscapes. And with our announcement of Keystone, a subscription service for on-premises environments, we can now have not only the technology that allows them to standardize workload models between on-prem and public cloud, but the customer experience and the consumption offering that allows them to do that.
George Kurian: I think that, listen, we don't believe that Keystone subscription services will replace CapEx purchasing, right? We think it will be a part of what customers want for their IT landscape. We are doing the work to enable our sales teams to be able to position that offering in the right way into customers and we think it will take time. We'll give you updates as we go. With regard to our business model, we hold the assets on our books. You see depreciation, similar to what were in the P&L we have, we report cloud data services depreciation, right? So, it's not going to be material this year.
George Kurian: Just to go back to what we said. We said that we were going to hire 200 incremental demand generation headcount over four quarters with the last quarter being Q1 of fiscal '21 and we are on track. It takes three to four quarters to train a rep and to get them to full productivity. So, we think that the predominant benefit of this additional capacity will be in fiscal '21.
George Kurian: I want to credit the field organization for focus and execution, right? I think we said that what we were going to do was to focus on the big market transitions just to flash, traditional IT to public private cloud and the deployment of enterprise workloads in public clouds sort of the key areas where we would attack the market and I think credit to the sales leadership and the sales force for the progress in all-flash. With regard to the comments you made earlier about our ability to sell the full portfolio, what we observe is that there are different buyers for some of our portfolio than the traditional storage buyer. Cloud architects, DevOps, staff and workload owners like application owners, we have been focused on reaching them and bringing them to our user conference, we saw a substantial uplift in the number of people from those pedigrees coming to our user conference, reflecting both the success of our field and marketing teams and reaching them over time, as well as the interest that we have in our portfolio, right? So, we need specific competency to go after those types of sales motions and we're bringing that into the company as part of our 200 headcount. And of course, we're focused on training the storage focused sales force on expanding their relevance to some of these new audiences. So, work is under way as I said we're heads down in executing against these three imperatives. We saw the benefit of that focus in Q2 and we're going to continue to stay laser focused on that through the rest of the year.
George Kurian: The majority of our growth in cloud data services is from Microsoft Azure NetApp Files. We saw -- and the majority of that revenue is from net new customers, right? So, we don't have a single large customer that's a big percentage of the total number. We are seeing good momentum across a broad range of use cases and a broad range of customers trying things out and deploying their first workloads. So, as we go forward, we are focused both on continuing to acquire new customers, but additionally to expand our footprints now that we've got success in some of these customers to broader sets of workloads. So, thank you for that.
George Kurian: It's hard for me to comment on that. I think we've got multiple pathways into the market. We've got both specialists and generalists within our field who are focused on selling cloud data services as part of their remits. And we have the Microsoft pathway into market, which we are continuing to work to enable around the use cases and the expanding number of use cases of our technology. So, it will take time, but we're heads down and focused on it. And we're really excited about how successful the technology is in serving the customers that have come on board, right? For things like databases and ecommerce and content management and media and life sciences and an incredibly wide range of applications, frankly more than I had expected. We have compelling business advantage that we offer customers.
George Kurian: We started, we got to general availability later than we expected, given the complexity of integrating a really high-performance service so deeply into these hyperscale cloud. We are at GA with Microsoft. We have clear line of sight into GA with Google. And we think that there is a broad -- the total addressable markets there. As I said earlier, the number of use cases that are being deployed on our platform is broader than we originally anticipated. And so, we've got work to do to execute to train the sales force, to train the Microsoft channel, get our message out to market and bringing the customers to be able to deploy them on our platform. We saw a good start to that with the attendance at Microsoft Ignite and at NetApp Insight where the number of people coming to talk to us and starts to do proof of concepts with us, were really good. So, we've got heads down. We got to deliver on getting these customers successful, but we feel like we got a really, really good platform and the early results have been really good.
George Kurian: I think it's really making sure that we can capture the full range of opportunities that are available in front of us. As I said, we have leadership positions in a broad range of categories of primary storage. We are the only vendor with the cloud strategy and really compelling technology available in the big public clouds, all of the big public clouds. And we need to be able to go and access the customers that are making those decisions which is where the sales headcount focus is really a critical part of the go forward plan. The differentiation of our technology is evident in product gross margins, right? And the leverage of our business model is evident in the results we just showed and the guidance we gave. And I think for us it's the macro is going to be the macro, we're going to go take share and to go after the addressable market. We are doing that prudently within the guidance of that we gave you and by prioritizing our resources against the biggest opportunities.
George Kurian: The contribution of indirect channels to our business was relatively unchanged in terms of the overall mix of our business. It's approximately 80% each quarter, and we feel that that's well reflective of our overall book of business, nothing unusual there. You are correct that the mid-market is relatively less concerned about the impact of the global economic slowdown and some of the uncertainty there. And we have more opportunities to capture share because our share in the mid-market is a bit smaller than it is in the enterprise. Our channel partners were focused on enabling focused set of channel partners, so that they get the full impact of NetApp's enablement resources and so we've got a narrow group that we work with, and we're pleased with the progress so far.
George Kurian: Before we close, I want to underscore a few key points. NetApp is helping customers deliver enormous business value in both traditional IT-led and increasingly in cloud-led use cases. Only NetApp has the strategy, the broad innovation portfolio and customer experience to help customers succeed in hybrid multicloud IT. We believe we can return to growth over time by selling the value of our differentiated portfolio and investing in additional sales capacity to reach new buyers. As I saw at Insight and Ignite, we are making real progress here. We continue to be disciplined in our spending and have a strong financial model with growing gross margins and operating margins that enable us to return cash to shareholders and invest in the long-term health of our business. Thank you. And I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
