Ron Pasek: Rod, the first part of your question, as it relates to the guide for Q2, currency had very little impact on the guidance for Q2. And as I said, it’s about 1 point headwind for the Q3 guide. We saw a little of that -- you’d see a little bit of that in margin in Q3 as well but it’s factored in the guidance there. That’s one of the reasons it’s down sequentially.
Ron Pasek: So, we typically see a pattern, as you saw last year and the year before where we go down in margin from Q2 to Q3. The biggest factor in the past years and including this year, has been just the weighting of product revenue which is higher than Q3 than Q2 to services revenue. That’s the biggest part of the change. We also will have in Q3 lower ELA revenue this year. And there were some onetime benefits I referred to in Q2. But, it is a normal seasonal pattern you see. I will add if you look at product margins for the last six from Q1 of ‘18 to the quarter we reported, without ELAs, it goes from 49.5 up to 53. So, we are making product progress on the product margin for the Company.
Ron Pasek: Katy, the first part of your question, I tried to balance ELAs for the full year this year of 2% of revenues. And just to recall, we did about 90 million in Q1 and 20 million in Q2. So, pretty much there to the full-year forecast for ELAs. We might see little bit -- so the forecast assumes -- it’s just a forecast. It might be a little bit but it’s not going to be a lot.
Ron Pasek: So, Wamsi, the one-time benefits relate to some reserves and it was about 0.5-point but not material but just something to be aware of.
Ron Pasek: So, David, we don’t guide below the total revenue number. We’ll talk about revenue after the fact and compare year-over-year but I don't guide that specific guidance.
Ron Pasek: So, Jim, if you remember, about 18 months ago, we did in fact increase list prices for products that carried NAND, and that was simply because that was what our experience was with the supply base. We were very fortunate to be able to secure supply that entire time, and in fact knew that the pricing would eventually come down starting earlier this year and it in fact did. As we said a number of times, we’re not going to be the leaders in reducing list prices, now that NAND prices are coming down, we’re going to watch it and see what happens. On a net price basis, we’re still very competitive. So, we’re watching that effect too. So, it’s what you do with list prices and then what you do with street price. So, we are going to keep watching as we go forward.
Ron Pasek: I think what we have been doing is we’ve got services business to total back to where it’s not a headwind. That was what we were seeing last year, some of that product growth was making up for the headwind we had on the services side. I think as you look the second half of last year, we grew the Q3 quarter 9% year-over-year in total and Q4 11% that’s total revenue growth. Product growth within that was quite a bit higher. So, we are looking at some pretty tough compares. We did guide the year to mid single digits, we are very confident we can still do that. And that’s without the benefit of ELAs.
George Kurian: With regard to cloud data services, we’re in the build out phase within the hyperscale data centers. I think the pipeline has been good. We are certainly seeing the success of our software called Cloud Volumes ONTAP. Within the hyperscale marketplaces, it is a big chunk of the progress in terms of the revenue to-date of cloud data services. So, as the cloud volumes service, targeting application developers comes on line through the course of this fiscal year, we should be in a really good position to expand that sort of bookings.
George Kurian: With regard to the all-flash arrays, I think first of all, we are growing 29% year-on-year. The predominant percentage of that was due to shipments. We have not adjusted prices to deal with NAND. So, as we’ve said, we’re going to monitor what other people do and then make the appropriate adjustments.
George Kurian: I think, there is a mix between flash and hybrid flash. I think, the percentage of our business that’s today all-flash arrays is very large. And if you look at it sequentially, in Q1, we had some benefit from ELAs for all-flash arrays. As you saw, in Q1, our number was a very large number year-on-year. So, I think, it’s just more of a sequential compare against the one time set of metrics in Q1.
George Kurian: I think from an installed base perspective, we still have a very small percentage of our installed base on all-flash arrays, it’s in the mid teens. So, there is plenty of headroom. I think that we are going to balance the ability to upgrade the installed base with the -- getting the best for our offering. We think that our offerings are very competitive in the market, and we are going to try to extract the maximum value for that. I think in terms of competition, we don't see any fundamental change in the competitive landscape. I think that we are seeing more new competitors as we attack the hyper-converged market. So, we are expanding our competitive assault on hyper-converged market, and we are seeing as a result of that some newer players. But, no fundamental change in the competitive dynamics.
George Kurian: We’re very pleased with the progress on hyper-converged. I think as we’ve said, we have a differentiated architecture that’s resonating in the marketplace. We saw a broadening book of business and accelerating pipeline, and a growing number of competitive wins. So, it proves out the thesis that we’ve had all along that the enterprises want a solution that enables hybrid cloud infrastructure that allows IT to operate like a service provider, that allows applications infrastructure and data to be seamlessly managed whether it’s on-premises or across multiple clouds. And so, our strategy is working. We’ve got work to do to continue to expand the scaling of our go-to-market pathways and to expand the number of price points that we need to address. But, we’re very-very pleased with where we are year-to-date.
George Kurian: With regard to our -- the macro, no particular color that I want to share. I think we just -- we saw some movement in some of our U.S. public sector deals where there were in quarter command programs, these are multi-year programs that are not tied to any particular budget cycle that just has spending come out in Q3 as opposed to in Q2. So, we feel very good about our ability to capture that business in Q3. And then, overall, I think, nothing unique that we want to comment on. I think you see the public markets, reflecting some stress in some parts of the emerging markets. I think, that's really the summary of the comments.
George Kurian: With regard to Lenovo, Lenovo has started to be in market with our products. They bring complementary pathways to the customer, they allow us to access new decision makers. We are starting to see the first wins, but it’ll take us good amount of time to get them fully scaled, in terms of their -- all of their geographies and knowing our products taking into market. There is a very little overlap in our customers base, which is positive. There is a reasonable amount of common channel partners, but there is work to be done. And in terms of strategic versus mature, we’re no longer going to be using that breakout of the business the majority of the mature business is now add-on storage, reflecting the strategic product sales. So, you’ll see us just comment about product revenue and services revenue on a go forward basis.
George Kurian: I think with regard to spending environment, there is no particular impact of tariffs that we saw, it’s too early to comment. I think, we’re just generally cautious trying to maintain our track record of providing clear guidance and meeting or beating it. I don’t think there is anything that you should read into the commentary that is less in confidence or have specific color around the economic outlook. We’re monitoring it, there is a lot of news but we haven’t seen specific items change in terms of their trajectory.
George Kurian: We were very excited by the number of net new customers that were at the conference, reflecting our ability to grow footprint into new parts of the market that were historically not NetApp customers. We were excited at the number of customers that validated our solutions and our direction for hybrid multi-cloud IT as their path going forward. And of course, there was an extraordinary amount of innovation that we delivered at our Insight conference. And it leads us to continue to have really, really good confidence that we’re gaining share in the markets that we’re competing it, expanding our addressable markets through new solutions, like hyper-converged solutions, solutions for artificial intelligence, and changing the industry landscape through the unique combination of applications, infrastructure and data for hybrid multi-cloud IT. So, we feel really good about where we’re positioned and look forward to finishing out the year strongly.
George Kurian: Absolutely. Our belief was that we are building on the only architecture that was designed to operate a multitenant service provider class HCI offering. And by bringing back to the enterprise, we are uniquely advantaged versus other players that started from a small office dedicated appliance. And that is proving out clearly in Q2 and in our go forward pipeline. So, people are excited about our offering. I think as we integrate it more tightly into our hybrid multi-cloud Data Fabric, it both locks out players trying to enter our installed base as also allows as to capture a bigger footprint, like you said in the enterprise data centers that we don’t have footprints in it. So, we are really, -- our thesis on the HCI market that it was time for disruption with a mainstream enterprise grade offering, like in the all-flash arrays, absolutely playing out. We can't be more excited looking forward.
George Kurian: Multi-cloud plays into our business in multiple ways. The first is, it allows us to access completely cloud native customers that do not have a data center. I think at Insight you saw, it's a customer of that type called WuXi NextCODE, which is a genomics company that is built on the cloud, never had a data center. The second is it allows us to expand our footprint within existing customers where the combination of cloud plus data center gives us unique benefit. Those could be net new customers, like we are displacing people who have legacy data centers with our flash technology combined with cloud, or it could be expanding footprints within existing customers where we displaced one of our competitors in the SAN market with the cloud flash alternative. And then the third is, it allows us to bring more efficiency to our existing customers, in some cases where they want to for example, leverage the cloud for analytics, a footprint that we historically didn’t serve. So, there's a lots of avenues. I think that it's already helping us in leadership in flash where the cloud brings a unique angle to our flash solutions that others do not have. And then from a pure cloud solutions standpoint, you will see that reflected in the CDS business on a go forward basis.
George Kurian: I think, U.S. public sector was a little bit soft relative to our expectations. APAC and U.S. commercial conversely were very strong. EMEA dealt with a point of ForEx being as a headwind. So, most of the theaters did really well. On U.S. public sector, as I mentioned in my comments, we have a broad book of business. Some aspects of that business are tied to multi-year programs. And the trajectory of spend within a specific quarter can vary. They’re not tied to the typical year-end, federal spending pattern. And so, we saw some of those programs move spending from Q2 to Q3. So, we feel good about our ability to capture that business in Q3.
George Kurian: Multi cloud is -- will inherently become a part of what most hyper-converged solutions will have to offer. If you think about an IT department, most of them will want to have the ability to build their own clouds, or manage the portfolio of applications and say, hey I don’t want to run those in my own data centers, I just want to use the public cloud. We are clearly uniquely positioned in the public cloud marketplace for having the ability to connect applications, infrastructure using NetApp Kubernetes service and data using a technology called Trident that we have to make multi-cloud, hybrid multi-cloud deployable today across all the major cloud providers. When we combine that with hyper-converged, you now not only get to do that on the public cloud but also on-prem. And we do that in a way that is unique because unlike some of the other hyper-converged vendors, we’re allowing you to use the public cloud services. All the other hyper-converged vendors have some form of walled garden they’re building in the public cloud that doesn’t give you the benefits of real public cloud. So, we’re excited you’ll see that play out and we’re just going to keep our head down and prove that out. We think we've got a really strong start the first half of the year in hyper-converged. Lookout out, here we come.
George Kurian: NVMe has two flavors, one is the any connection between discs and storage systems; that’s nice but not massively differentiated. We have it. We’ve seen customers adopted as they adopt NVMe drive. So, we’re pleased it’s in line with expectations. NVMe over Fabrics which is the truly  strategic part of the NVMe roadmap is now deployed at a few customers. It’s early, it’s applicable for truly low latency application, and we’re excited. We’re pioneering that part of the market and we’re excited at both the support that we have from the ecosystem as well as customer interest. But, it’ll take time to adopt, like any new storage protocol.
George Kurian: Just a couple of things. I think the first is, the acquisition or planned acquisition of Red Hat by IBM is yet another endorsement of hybrid multi-cloud. Right? I think that combination of Red Hat together with IBM gives enterprises the ability to deploy multiple clouds and hybrid cloud. We already have strong relationships with both sides of that transaction. With Red Hat, we have done a lot of work across multiple solutions, both standalone storage, converged systems and hyper-converged systems to support OpenShift as well as a verity of other Red Hat Enterprise Linux platform combinations. We just announced this quarter the ability to deploy OpenShift alongside NetApp HCI. And then with IBM, we have a longstanding relationship with IBM cloud, all the way from the time of SoftLayer. They are a large NetApp partner, we have hybrid cloud solutions alongside the IBM Cloud where you can deploy Cloud ONTAP Volumes on the IBM Cloud and there is a verity of innovation going on together with them as well. So, we feel that this is a good combination. It affords us yet another player to work with to make hybrid multi-cloud reality for customers.
George Kurian: We also continue to make investments in software that allows us to maximize the value that a customer gets from a piece of memory. And we announced at NetApp Insight the availability of ONTAP 9.5 that has further advancements in our already industry-leading storage efficiency technology. The second is, I think as flash prices come down, it makes all-flash arrays where we are extraordinarily well-positioned, a more and more meaningful opportunity for a broader and broader mix of workloads within our customers. And so, as that capitalizes replatforming opportunities in the customer base, it’s clearly an opportunity for us that we are going to take advantage of.
George Kurian: I think, the only other additional comment that I would add was last year in some parts of the world, ForEx was a tailwind; this year, it’s a headwind. I think that we feel very, very good about our innovation portfolio. If you look at it this time last year, we were strong in flash but not yet at meaningful progress on the other two alternatives, which hyper-converged and public cloud. I think this year, heading into the second half of this year, we feel very good about flash where we feel much more -- we can have much more line of sight into the strength of our hyper-converged and public cloud business. So, overall, we are focused on execution. We have good start to the fiscal year. We remain committed to our outlook, which was to grow mid single digits without ELAs for the year. And so we are going to execute to that plan.
George Kurian: Yes. I think if you look at the hybrid arrays, there’re two forms of hybrid arrays, one is where you’ve got a piece of solid state storage front ending SaaS drives, meaning performance drives; the second is a form of hybrid array where you’ve got flash front ending capacity drive, meaning 7,200 RPM capacity drive. There’s still some percentage of our business in the former of the two categories, which will eventually get replaced by all-flash arrays. As the price point of NAND gets better over the next year, there’s going to be an enduring portion of our business for capacity oriented workloads, for sequential workloads, for example video which don’t benefit from solid state where the second form of hybrid array will continue to be an ongoing percentage of our business for as long as I can see.
George Kurian: I am really excited about the opportunity ahead. We introduced a tremendous amount of innovation in Q2 that helps us drive share gains, expand our available market, and set the industry agenda. NetApp is uniquely able to help customers solve the challenges of multi hybrid cloud environment, with the Data Fabric. Our Data Fabric strategy is paying off through growing importance to our customers, and yielding strong financial results. We are relentlessly focused on execution and on delivering against our plan. And we remain confident in both our fiscal ‘19 guidance and our long-term two-year growth forecast for revenue and profitability. I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
