George Kurian: I think, first of all, we saw strong performance this past quarter from all three important pieces of our cloud portfolio; Cloud Volumes, which is cloud storage services; Cloud Insights, which is monitoring, and our Spot portfolio, which has dynamic optimization of compute and storage in the cloud. All of them have really strong quarters and we're really pleased. In terms of FSx for ONTAP, I will just say that it's very early days. But we are extraordinarily pleased. Listen, if you look at the cloud file storage market, the public data suggests that Amazon Web Services is the dominant player in that market. And having a needed first party ONTAP Enterprise File storage service in the Amazon cloud is an enormous opportunity. We are doing the innovation and the enablement work to scale that business. We're really pleased with the early results. But we have a long, kind of, we will see that play out over the next several quarters, right? Just like Microsoft Azure NetApp files is now a really stellar product for us.
George Kurian: I think broadly speaking, our team has managed the environment really well. And I think if you look at the second half guidance, my expectation is you should see that continued progression of the first half trends with product and cloud services growing quickly, and our services business growing a little bit slower than that in the overall revenue mix.
George Kurian: Listen, I think with regard to our approach to serve customers, together with the cloud providers, we look at a broad range of opportunities. I think they don't exist solely in the Public Cloud. I think you could see, for example, the, in my prepared remarks, the commentary on working with Google around a distributed cloud platform and so, you'll see us continue to broaden the range of innovation opportunities that we deliver with the hyper scalars so that we can truly build a hybrid multi cloud data management and infrastructure services management platform with them. I think within the public cloud, there are going to be continued opportunities for substantial growth. I think as I said, we feel really, really good about the progress towards the $1 billion ARR targets that we had laid out. We will share more about the specific updates to our long-term plans at our analysts conference, right, let but let me just say, Cloud Storage is a massive opportunity. Cloud file storage alone is a very rapidly growing multibillion opportunity. And we are positioned at the sweet spot of that alongside the biggest three cloud providers in the world. Second, cloud compute management and cloud cost management is another massively important customer priority. And Spot plus CloudCheckr gives us a differentiated platform to go after that set of use cases. And we see more and more types of workloads collapsing onto these two important elements of Infrastructure as a Service, and Cloud Insights, our monitoring platform service customers not only deploy those infrastructure services, but also monitor them. So I feel really, really, really good about our cloud progress.
George Kurian: Yes, certainly, we have three ways that we drive success in the cloud business. The first is technology certification and workload expansion. So we work with the cloud providers to qualify more and more and more workloads that can be best served using our technology. An example that I cited recently is the VMware, cloud in Google, now being certified to use NetApp Cloud Volumes as the primary as a primary data store, which has enormous benefits to VMware customers of NetApp and VMware to be able to now expand to the cloud as well as new customers that want to deploy mission critical environments on the VMware Cloud, right. So that's one. Workload certifications and expansions, the second is additional regions, and enablement for the go-to-market engines. You've seen us grow the Azure NetApp files business steadily and very successfully over a period of time. Amazon and Google are behind that. But we know the recipe and we're working to scale that. And then finally, cross-selling and upselling and customer wants to get on our service. Dollar based net retention rate is a very healthy 179%. It's early days in our customer base. So over time, that should come down. But it shows that once a customer uses one of our services, they expand dramatically, and then we get to sell them a portfolio of more services. So lots of ways to grow our cloud business ahead. We're super excited. And we worked really, really hard to get here and we're going to capitalize on the opportunity.
George Kurian: Yes, absolutely. I think we have said for a long time, that mid range systems with clustering software, will cannibalize the high-end free memory business of some of our competitors. And you're seeing that play out. The mid range systems offer the sweet spot from a price performance standpoint for our customers. And with clustering, you can build enormously large environments to consolidate a range of different workloads. And we expect that trend to continue going forward, the days of the free [indiscernible] are over to be completely transparent. And so we'll continue to see that trend going on over time. With regard to how these -- within our business, All-flash arrays will have an important and growing part of the customers data center. Hybrid Flash arrays will continue to have a long-term position in the data center. So today in our installed base, for example, all flash is about a 30% of the installed base. We expect as more flash technologies come to play that number to grow to about 70% over time. I think, however, we do not subscribe to the theory that hard disk drives no longer have value, they will have enduring value for certain sets of workloads that they are built for capacity oriented workloads, backup and archival, media retention, images, things like that. So we feel good about our position in the market. We're going to stay focused and continue to execute against our All-flash array business and our object storage businesses priorities for the enterprise storage environment. Thank you.
George Kurian: We see continuing trends for digital transformation, hybrid work and hybrid IT, those have been our long-term perspective on how business architectures and technology architectures evolve. That has certainly come sharper into focus with COVID. But they have always been part of the long-term roadmap of our customers. We have seen the acceleration of cloud-based environments for certain workloads, especially workloads, like virtual desktops, or in schools for the ability for teachers to be able to use cloud based environments to conduct classrooms, and we think those will continue on and you're going forward, as the future of work remains hybrid. Within the enterprise storage environments, we've always believed that flash will have a growing part of the customer data center, as the economics of flash and the ability to consolidate and simplify your data center environment grows. That being said, there are workloads like I've mentioned earlier in the call that will continue to stay on hard drives. And I think the big early draft to flash is now sort of stabilizing and people understand what flash is going to be used for, and understand what HDDs are going to be used for. And so we see a more steady pattern there. With regard to, lead times and transactions and things like that, as Mike mentioned, we didn't see anything unusual. We have been able to meet customers through a variety of mechanisms, digital conferences, using video conferencing mechanisms, as well as now starting to meet some customers in person. And so we expect that to continue going forward for a period of time, at least.
George Kurian: Sure. So thanks, Nehal and hello. So as we talked about in Q1, billings grew by about 20%. In Q2 billings grew by about 7%. Keep in mind that so on a -- on a year-to-date basis, right around 12% to 13% growth, that number is going to jump around a little bit each quarter based on the dynamics of deferred revenue, as well as FX as well. So we calculate billings as net revenue in the quarter and then quarter-over-quarter change in deferred excluding the impact of FX in deferred. So that's going to move the numbers a little bit, there's a little bit of seasonality to that. So looking forward, we would expect to continue to see billings overall grow at or above the revenue number. And again, I would encourage you -- and take a look at the year-to-date number or the trailing 12 months. Billings will jump around a little bit based on the components of our billings, mix matters as well as seasonality.
George Kurian: Q4 is the finish of our fiscal year, as you might know, we run a semi-annual plan. And so, we had a strong Q2, and we'll have a strong Q4. So that reflects the seasonality in our business, driven by our compensation planning, as well as customer buying through the year. I think with regard to margins, I'll have Mike cover that. In terms of the supply chain and the margin profile, I would just tell you, we do not expect the near-term resolution of the supply situation. What we have seen through excellent execution with our teams and our partners is that component costs for the full year are largely flat year-on-year . There are some elements of the components that are up year-on-year and others that are down year-on-year, but as we have said before, component costs are largely flat on a year-on-year basis. I think what we see is really the expedite and freight costs that are at a premium now, and that is reflected in the pricing left that we have implemented at the start of November, and which will take some time to flow through our systems. I will let Mike characterize.
George Kurian: Listen, I think first of all, AWS and Azure have enormous scale and reach into the customer base. These are trillion dollar corporations with enormous impact on the IT market. And we are honored to work with both of them. They have different approaches to the customer base and different ways and different strengths. And so we're excited to work with Amazon and Microsoft. I think the overall opportunity set reflects their scale in the market, right. So Amazon has massive market presence and market share. I think in the file space, they are a very large part of the files market. So the fact that we have a play with them gives us enormous scale into the file storage market. I think, we are from an execution standpoint, listen, we've learned a lot over the last few years. We know what it takes to scale a business. And we've done that in partnership with Microsoft. We continue to scale that with innovation and co-engineering and go-to-market. But we are also taking some of those lessons learned into how we can scale other services more quickly. With regard to the $1 billion plants, listen, we always believed that we would be working with multiple hyperscalars. I don't think you should assume that we were cocky enough to say that we had that in the bag. But we had that as part of our roadmap and we're honored to have the partnership with AWS. I think, as I said, I feel very, very good about where we are in our roadmap to a $1 billion. We'll tell you more about the timing and the mix and all of that when we get to Analysts Date, right, but I feel really good about where we are.
George Kurian: So a great, great question. So as we've talked about for the last couple years is our goal is to continue to invest in the business to drive growth. Being fully cognizant of investing in operating expense and COGS at a lower rate than revenue to drive a margins. You saw an incredible really operating leverage so far this year. And if you take the midpoint of the guide, your revenue is up almost $550 million year-over-year, on a $118 million or $120 million, pick your favorite number, OpEx number. So we're continuing to drive really good scale while investing in the business. We will continue to do that going forward, very much focused not only on where we need to invest, but what does that return. That's why we're so focused on cloud as well as incremental sales and product development. So you should expect to see us continue to invest going forward. Now outside of OpEx, we've talked about it before, we will continue to be active in M&A. And we're still allocating at least 30% of our free cash flow. Plus, we have a very nice cash balance and a lot of flexibility on the balance sheet to fund acquisitions. So, yes, you should expect to see us continue to increase OpEx to drive growth, as well as be active in the M&A market.
George Kurian: Yes, great, great questions. So as you look at the rest of this fiscal year, and I'll work it into next year, you shouldn't really expect to see much of a benefit in Q3. There's a lot of cones in flight, it takes a while for that to take effect. So we expect to start to see some of that in Q4. As we roll into '23, I think it depends on a lot of things. The earlier question on what are your competitors doing? What's the overall pricing environment? What happens with component costs and freight? I think there's a lot in that for us to be able to say, hey, we think X amount sticks. Certainly we are very disciplined around our pricing. And we want to ensure that we are doing the right things for our customers, while we are taking care of covering our costs as well. So we'll be very focused on it. We'll talk to you as we guide to next year on the impact of that. But I did want to be clear just on the impact of '22. Thank you.
George Kurian: We have delivered a solid first half with great operating leverage in our business model as we grow revenues and margins. We're gaining share in the key markets of All-flash and Object Storage, while rapidly scaling our Public Cloud business. The innovation we bring to market and our unique and deep cloud partnerships, position us well to execute again, the significant opportunity ahead. We increased our full year guidance for revenue, EPS and Public Cloud ARR, driven by the outperformance in Q2, the addition of CloudCheckr and a healthy demand pipeline for the second half of our fiscal year. Thank you. I look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter and at our upcoming Investor Day in March.
Mike Berry: Sure. Thanks for the question, Katy. So hey, let's put it in context a little bit, as we did the guidance for the full year. We feel really good about how Q3 in the fiscal year shaping up. Coming off a really strong Q2, we've raised the revenue growth, even with the tougher supply chain situation. And we're calling for growth across both product and cloud. As we said in the prepared remarks, we've baked all of that into our guidance, we'll work very diligently with our supply chain team, our customers, our partners to make sure we're able to fulfill as much as we can. But we're not going to break out, hey, what was the implication of supply chain? Candidly, we don't want to have two guidance numbers. We fully baked that in, as it relates to fiscal '23, we'll have to see how the second half goes, really in terms of does it continue into our fiscal '23. At what level? And how does it work its way through the rest of this fiscal year.
Mike Berry: Yes, thanks, George. Karl, I would just add a couple things to what George said. We do benefit in a couple ways as it relates to the cloud business. One is there's a lot of synergies in R&D, because as you know, ONTAP goes across both of those. So that will help, as you call it, the operating margin, even though we don't break it out. The other thing we've talked about is yes, the route to market and the hyperscalers sales channel certainly helps. We also have our own sales team as well. They will get more and more efficient, especially as we build up that customer success team. So as we look at that $1 billion target, as we've talked about, you look at the comps that have about a $1 billion of ARR. And certainly those operating margins are very near our corporate average today.
Mike Berry: Hey, Nik, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. Yes, we feel very good about the demand environment. As we look at the second half, we certainly have a much better view at this point now and pipeline going into the second half. And as we've talked about, a lot of what's baked into the guidance is really a result of supply chain. Again, we feel really good about the overall demand environment. There is -- as we look at backlog, there's really been no significant shift there. And I do also want to make sure a note, we haven't seen any what I would call unusual Poland's either, as it relates to purchasing behavior on a quarterly basis is there's always pull ins and push outs. We haven't seen anything unusual there either. So going into second half feel really good about what the pipeline looks like in the buying behavior of our customers. And hopefully that continues as we go forward into next year.
Mike Berry: Hey, Tim. It's Mike. So, yes, so thanks for the question. We have not seen much of a change in the pricing environment. As we've talked about before, it's still relatively rational marquee [ph] everyone's a while somebody does something to grab a customer or keep one. But that's going to certainly be an unusual event. As we've looked forward, look I won't speak for any of our competitors. I think everybody's looking at their business saying, hey, costs have gone up across the board, especially in freight component costs. We're all dealing with that. So I do expect that you will continue to hear folks talk about doing price increases. I think a lot of this depends on how long we're in this situation. Again, from a NetApp perspective, we've looked at that. We have implemented a price increase. So we do expect that to start to have an impact later in our fiscal year. I would expect to continue to see that across our competitors. But again, I don't want to speak for them. I think a lot of this depends on how long this short supply chain shortage last, and as well our component manufacturers, how they approach the market as well.
Mike Berry: All right. Hey, awesome, thanks for the capital question. So yes, let's talk about it and let's start at the top. We did guide for free cash flow $1.2 billion or greater, so let's do operating cash first, that would imply for your operating cash off, call it, 1.425 billion. To your point, we've already generated $540 million. So what you saw in Q2 was a record for us low DSLs. We had a great collections quarter in Q2, that did pull forward some collections into Q2. So as we look at the second half of '22, you should expect to see the seasonality as you called it be a little bit lower in the second half, because of the really strong Q2. Still getting to at least that, that $1.4 billion operating cash number. As on your question about supply chain, we have baked in an assumption that we'll continue to invest in inventory. You saw that our inventory turns went from 17 in Q1 to 13 in Q2, that was planned. We talked about that with you folks as well for the last couple of quarters. So we have baked that into our assumption. Going forward, I think you should expect to see kind of the seasonal averages return. Again, it was just in a very, very good Q2 from a collections perspective. And I wouldn't expect that to continue into the future. So again, thanks for that question. Hopefully that answers your question.
Mike Berry: Great. Thank you, George. And just add to that, on this specific question, Wamsi, if you go from Q3 to Q4, a couple of things to keep in mind. One is, hey, the services revenue will continue to grow, you're going to see Cloud Support, hopefully professional services that add to that quarter-on-quarter growth. As we look at Q4 versus Q3 to George's point, always want our seasonally high quarter. We're doing a lot of work not only in supply chain, but in engineering and in other things to make sure that we can deliver as much as we can in Q4. And then certainly the price increase, it'll take a little bit of time to work its way through the system. So add all those together in those. That's what added up into our guidance, our implied guide for Q3 and Q4.
