Tom Georgens: Okay. Well, first two questions and as far as flash array is concerned, we’ve been saying for quite some time that that’s a this year product and we’ll actually see customer shipments of that product in fact next month. So really no change from what we’ve been saying all along and continued progress there. And in addition to flash array, obviously the EF momentum continues to be strong and we also did our all-flash FAS announcement last quarter. So in terms of flushing out of the total portfolio for the different used cases we see, I think we feel really good about the flash portfolio. And we think flash, as we said along, will live in many incarnations; in hybrid storage, as standalone devices and the compelling component of all-flash FAS. It’s not even an all-flash FAS, it’s an all-flash node in a broader cluster leveraging all the data management and the transparent volume migration that comes with it. Overall, to answer your flash question, flash array is on the way, as I said in used cases that is targeted at. I think we’re still very, very excited about that. We’re excited to get that in the market. Certainly, we’ve had a lot of dialogue with customers. We’ve had (indiscernible) customers’ hands, but the total flash portfolio I think certainly has been a key component of our momentum. As far as the acquisition side, I wouldn’t read anything into the situation. I think we’re always looking for tuck-in acquisitions that are going to be meaningful to fill either gaps or opportunities in our product line and you should expect to see us continue to do that. As far as larger transactions are concerned, those are going to be entirely asynchronous, they’re going to be functions of timing, availability, costs, execute ability. So I wouldn’t basically single any fundamental transition or thought or planning around large transactions, but smaller transactions should be somewhat on a regular cadence. So you should expect to see us do that, so certainly no change in our posture on either of those fronts.
Tom Georgens: Yes, and we moved from a negative position last quarter into a growth position this quarter. So I think that that’s the start. The margin, we expect to build over the – as the year progresses. As I think about the year and as it plays out in terms of where we’re going to get continued growth, certainly it compares on the federal side of the house get a little bit easier in the second half of the year. And if I think about where we are today and things that are coming to market from where we are a year ago, whether it be clustered ONTAP in production, we had a very strong E-Series quarter, OnCommand Insight, our support portfolio, flash, we just refreshed all the platforms. We laid out our cloud strategy. So I see a number of stimulants to our business that were not available to us a year ago, even six months ago. As far as the broader question about operating expense, we’re sized to our plan for this year. We’re off to a good start. So certainly if there’s a major reversal to that, we’ll have to change our plans just like always. But I think we’re on track and that’s not top of mind right now. Right now it’s making the investments necessary to continue to feel the growth and so in no way defensive about our OpEx spending at this point in time. We have a plan and we’re executing to it. We haven’t made any changes to it.
Tom Georgens: Yes, I think in the geo breakdown there’s a couple of elements, obviously includes some of our OEM business which distorts the number to some degree. And then also timing of revenue relative to bookings. I’d say if you think about from a bookings perspective, which is a little bit more current, EMEA kind of carried us and actually did a really good job last year but I’d say that the biggest thing that we saw last quarter that was different is we saw strength back in the enterprise. We saw larger big deals, particularly U.S. enterprise for a variety of factors but it’s kind of felt like it’s been improving for the last six months whether it’s maturity of Clustered ONTAP and adoptions of technology or macro in nature, but I’d say from where we stand today from six months ago, clearly the return on enterprise spending is probably the biggest notable change and we see that across the board. So in terms of activity levels, the U.S. both commercial and public sector were probably the stronger areas this quarter which is probably like last year. But around the world, EMEA is still – after a pretty good year I think they continued along at that pace but not quite as good as the U.S. in the public sector. Your question on emerging markets for one thing is we’re not as penetrated equally invested in all of the emerging markets but the two where we made significant investments are clearly India, we have a big infrastructure. That has actually saw some momentum in the last six months, so we’re actually pleased about the progress there. And China was also in the plus category for us. The other segments, Brazil and Russia, have other complexity to them, but those are not major contributors to NetApp at this point in time, so I don’t think I’ve got any real relevant macro commentary there given our market share but China and India still are contributors to us. We’re positive about that and probably the biggest difference we saw last quarter and the end of the prior quarter was probably a rebound in enterprise spending in the U.S.
Tom Georgens: Well, I think – I’ll talk about 8.3 in a second, but I think overall the ramp of Clustered ONTAP has been pretty gratifying. I think in the early days of the ramp, it was primarily brand new to NetApp accounts moving into new workloads in existing accounts and now it’s becoming clearly a lot more mainstream in our larger accounts and a predominant selling motion by our sales force. So I think the ramp has been quite good. A year ago we were talking about feature parity and why you getting 7-Mode and Clustered ONTAP and not having nearly that much of a conversation at this point in time. And on top of that, the transition tools that we’re in the APAC to release are being widely deployed and helping customers make the transition from 7-Mode to Clustered ONTAP as well. So 8.3 has got things like Metrocluster. It’s got a whole bunch of other performance enhancements. Metrocluster is a product that we use for higher availability and disaster recovery. It allows us to compete with recovery times that are basically superior to all of our competitors including the frame arrays that are something that we use to basically sell to enterprise accounts. So it’s a clear differentiator for us and this will not necessarily be the Metrocluster of Clustered ONTAP. It will actually be a brand new set of functionality that will deliver that capability and a lot more. So that’s probably the big payload component of 8.3. We probably do have some customers waiting for it, but we’re certainly not in the category we were a year ago where we had a substantial amount of our customer base waiting for feature parity before they move forward I think for the vast majority of our customer base certainly on a unit basis, those days are passed and the migration has begun.
Tom Georgens: Yes, I think first and foremost I think the message is size of deals and we still have tick-up in $1 million plus deals in Q1 which is generally not the quarter we do that. And we saw it in our enterprise accounts, we saw it in a fair number of service providers, big investments in the service providers. As we indicated in the earnings calls, we have a lot of customers that are both enterprise consumers of technology and also service providers themselves, so we’ve seen it really in those two categories. I wouldn’t align it to any individual industry. I’d say most industries are – there are some clear aggressive buyers, some even financial services have had some good aggressive buyers and a lot of people that are pulling back at the same time. I won’t say it’s universal but I think probably the biggest indicator of confidence in the future is large transactions and also enterprise license agreements which is once again a long-term commitment to NetApp they’re willing to make upfront. So I think that that momentum is heartening. Obviously, it’s early to tell, it’s not ready to call a trend, but we’ve certainly seen more of that in the last four months than we’ve seen in quite a while. And enterprise and the cloud service providers; enterprise is where the money is, cloud service providers is where the growth is and it’s good to see momentum in both of those and certainly interest in the technology. Now that said, independent of just deal size and what appears to be more availability of budget, we are certainly seeing a broader range of our products being sold into these accounts. E-Series brand had another very, very strong quarter. In fact it almost overpowered Q4 to Q1 seasonality. So that’s up substantially year-over-year. OnCommand Insight, which is the portfolio products that we acquired and integrated over the years, had some very, very large transactions, a $9 million transaction at a major energy company. So we’re seeing momentum with that too. A big portion that we’ve been telling our team is that in these enterprise accounts, we need to be selling the entire portfolio because we have compelling solutions there. So that’s been a big push over the last six months. So we’re certainly seeing that. So to your second point, I certainly think that the strength of the portfolio and the breadth of the portfolio is giving us more selling opportunities into those accounts. But that said, the broader trend of larger transactions of longer term commitments is also gratifying as well and I think that’s independent of the portfolio.
Tom Georgens: Yes, I’d just echo Nick’s comments about more budget clarity. Last year we were finishing a fiscal year which the sequester was in effect and then transitioning into a period where the government could conceivably get and ultimately did get shut down, both of which happened within our quarter. And I’d say that where we are now it isn’t that we’ve seen a massive reflex of bounce back in spending but there’s a lot more budget certainty. So I think we have a little bit better understanding that the end of the fiscal year dynamics for the government will be more reminiscent of prior years than last year, and that’s baked into the guidance that we gave going forward.
Tom Georgens: Well, I think we’re looking to do a number of things both in terms of partnering and as a leverager of their infrastructure. But one of the things that we’re clearly doing with NetApp private storage and the concept of NetApp private storage is that the data will reside on the customers’ network likely at a colo facility but connected to the customers’ network and have access through a set of technologies that gave them high bandwidth access to the compute forms and the long and the short of it is for an Amazon web services type of analogy. What the customer can do is maintain control and data stewardship of their data yet have access to the elastic compute and the ability to have instant access to a very, very large server form and likewise downsize at the same time and basically have all the benefits and the flexibility of the elastic computer of Amazon without having to have any of the concerns about security and data ownership. So they maintain control of their data and have access to the flexible compute and get a substantial value of the flexibility that [ViPR] (ph) scales can provide at a fraction of the risk. What we’ve done this past quarter is that we’ve actually added Azure to that mix and as a result they can do the same thing with Azure. In our Analyst Day that we did this year with our industry analysts, we demonstrated the ability to interoperate between the two and basically run an application in one, send it over and operate in the other. And the value of that and the extension of the NPS vision which initially was really about data stewardship and access to flexible compute is now really about multi cloud. And that is I can effectively have a legitimate multi-cloud strategy that I can have resources available to me from Amazon, I can have resources available to be from Microsoft. And if I hold the data then I can truly broker the multi-cloud environment for our customers. That’s really where we’re heading with the NetApp private storage is the idea of multi-cloud. Our customers are not giving control of the data and therefore being locked into a specific cloud provider. They can have access to the flexible computing networking on multiple players yet they still own their data and they still have all of the data stewardship, all the data responsibility and all the security protection that they would have as if it was on their own infrastructure. So that’s really the vision of NetApp private storage; access to the flexible computing, the flexibility and economics of the server networking that that provides yet maintain control of their storage without subjecting themselves to any of the intellectual property and security risk. So that’s really where we’re going with that. I think it has really significant value to enterprises. There are a lot of customers who hone the appeal of maintaining control of their data, whether it be for flexibility or cloud mobility, has tremendous value to them but they also want the elasticity of the compute models that Microsoft and Amazon and an ever increasing set of other providers can ultimately provision for them. That’s really the play there is how do we bring the cloud as a resource to bear with its economics and its flexibility and how do we make that consumable by the enterprise in a seamless and secure fashion so they can make it an integral part of their overall operating environment.
Tom Georgens: Yes, I think two things on the indirect, one of which is in the indirect numbers the OEM business. And if you back the OEM business out, the percentage of our business through the channel in Q1 this quarter was actually higher than it was each of the last three years. But that said, with the enterprise business, some of that enterprise business does flow through our more sophisticated and larger channel partners and some of it does not. So I think that as we do more enterprise business, the likelihood that some of that will flow through some of our purely direct channels is higher and as a result that will also take the number down. So it’s not a consequence of any strategy that we’ve made or any change of investment, at least not in the near term. It’s more of just that we see more of the enterprises, the enterprises are more likely to be direct than the midsized business. As a result, we see some variability, but overall no change to strategy. And even on a Q1 to Q1 compared over the last three years, we still saw channels, a greater percentage of the mix than any of those prior years.
Tom Georgens: Yes. I think it’s safe to assume that the installed base which has been assembled over a very long period of time is still primarily 7-Mode, and some of that will stay. Some of our customers will stay in 7-Mode and just put new applications. In Clustered ONTAP I think it varies across the board. I think what we see in general is that most of the upgrade activity to Clustered ONTAP also comes in conjunction with a hardware upgrade, so they don’t do the transition twice. And when there’s a significant gap in time between when they believe they’ll be able to go live with Clustered ONTAP they’re more likely to basically do a hardware upgrade now and then basically wait in time. But the closer they get together, they would love to do the hardware upgrade and the software upgrade at the same time. So I think that some of what we’ve been seeing over the last six months is that customers have evaluated the product, they’ve tested it. It has the feature sets that they need, they’ve proven it in their lab and now particularly with the hardware refresh, they can go ahead and do a hardware refresh in their environment and do the upgrade at the same time. If they were not confident on Clustered ONTAP then I suspect they would be deferring hardware purchases. So I don’t think we’re completely through that cycle and that’s not a concern anymore but I certainly believe that waiting for the release of Clustered ONTAP that they could actually run in production, delaying hardware purchases, but I still think there’s some of that – I think that that’s been diminished over the last six months.
Tom Georgens: The answer to both those questions is yes. And we’ve got a low line of things around innovation, particularly around some of the value proposition of Clustered ONTAP and translating that to the entire FlexPod whether it be non-disruptive operations or scalability, all of those types of things I think are all really, really big and important plays for us. Take FlexPod, actually even further up market and some more mission critical applications. So I think we clearly see a lot of strength there. We’ve also seen integration of FlexPod with E-Series now, eventually target a different set of workloads. And obviously some joint development activity around newer technologies like OpenStack that are strategic to both of us particularly in the service provider space. So I think there’s no end of – certainly no near-term end of innovation that we can be doing together to basically drive this business forward. And that is only on the product side. There’s also a bit of market side in terms of positioning the products, better alignment of our partners, more global deployment of this technology. In my interaction with Cisco, in my interaction with John Chambers, there is no congratulation here. The question is how do we take the business to the next level and continue to generate growth for both of us. This is a meaningful business for us even at their scale. It’s a meaningful business for them. They’ve made that abundantly clear to us and as a result, doubling the business from here over some timeframe is meaningful for both of us and those are the types of things that we’re trying to talk about and those are the type of things we’re trying to get into the budgets planned and moving forward. So, yes, I don’t think there’s any let up on FlexPod. Certainly, I don’t think that we’ve reached terminal velocity of that product by any means.
Tom Georgens: And specifically for Q1 I think – I wouldn’t put Q1 as a trend. We had bonuses paid in Q1 and I think thanks to our employees the numbers were higher than last year (indiscernible) tax settlement. We had a few other things that are out there. So I think the long-term cash generation of the business particularly when you add in the higher gross margin and the higher operating margin I think still remains very, very robust.
Tom Georgens: Thank you. The one thing I want to add on the gross margin side is Nick talked about the savings. I think the team – we’ve talked a lot about products that go to market, but I think the team has done a remarkable job operationally to really drive efficiencies into our supply chain and we’ve realized that benefit last year. We’re looking to drive it this year. The other thing I wouldn’t underestimate is I don’t think it’s any coincidence that the gross margins have improved as the value proposition of Clustered ONTAP became better understood by our sales force and our customers. The industry is littered with companies that are talking about declining gross margins. At NetApp it’s at the highest gross margins in our history and up three points year-over-year. So I think we feel really, really good about that. Now on the other hand, we also reserved the right to use that gross margin advantage to create opportunities for ourselves where we see them, whether it be new markets or new accounts or new opportunities. So that’s also factored into this is that if we believe there’s an opportunity, not to broadly lose discipline on discounting because we certainly don’t want to do that, but for strategic markets or strategic accounts we’re certainly willing to be very, very aggressive with the product line. So I’m really pleased operationally. I think we’ve done really, really smart things there but I think it’s a validation of a value proposition in particular that our margins are increasing while others are decreasing, but we also reserve the right to use that for competitive advantage in the right circumstances.
Tom Georgens: See I don’t have that off the top of my head. I do know that our capacity increased 23% year-over-year in the aggregate and flash is a greater percentage that it’s been in the past not surprisingly, although we see flash in my incarnations; that’s disk capacity. We also shift flash as plug-in cards as a cashing product. In terms of overall gross margin, I can’t imagine it has a material impact at this point in time and we ship it in various points. So I would not make the claim that flash overall is either driving the gross margins up or taking it down. But at the end of the day, flash as a capacity driver is not the biggest one. Clearly, if customers are looking for capacity they’re going to go to a hard drive. So flash is primarily a performance driver. So the likelihood that’s going to be a very large percentage of our revenue at any point in time I think is pretty low. I just don’t think that’s what the data center looks like. Flash is going to accelerate low latency, high performance workload and as a result, it will be optimized for that. But the economics of it are such that it will always be cheaper to store less critical, less active data on solid-state drives. And I think the challenge and the ultimate value add to be provided to the enterprise is the company that can actually manage that migration over the data lifecycle to put the most important data on flash and everything else on hard drives recognizing that over time the active data becomes idle and has new active data that needs to be stored, and that’s a key part of our value add. So kind of a long answer to your question is I don’t expect to flash to be a meaningful or a very large percent of our overall capacity even through it’s growing very, very quickly and not all of our flash is going to be in the form of hard drives. Some of it will also be in the form of plug-in boards because I think that flash and all of its substantiations are going to matter to the enterprise and we intend to do all of them.
Tom Georgens: Well, first of all, thank you for your interest in NetApp. I think we’re pleased with the outcome of the quarter coming in above what we thought we would on the guidance and obviously very, very strong on the EPS and the profitability side. Gross margins had an all-time high and very, very strong operating margin in roughly flat environments still generating a point of operating margin leverage. So I think we see clearly momentum around Clustered ONTAP, around branded E-Series, around OnCommand. This past quarter we spent a fair amount of time with industry analysts and financial analysts and customers, in fact I saw particularly talking about our cloud strategy or where we go from here. I think our ability to win and gain share in the market as it exists today, I think is very, very strong. I think we’ve reinvigorated our core offerings when I think the core offerings of a lot of our competitors are languishing, but more than today we also talked about where we’re going in the future, how we’re going to help customers get from where they are today to where they want to go particularly in integrating the cloud and how NetApp is going to continue to be relevant and a leader and an attractive opportunity going forward. So thanks again for your time and see you again in 90 days.
Nick Noviello: So, Lou, it’s Nick. Let me start on that one, Tom may have some comments as well. So, the indication on OEM was it was going to be up to 40 – and the discussion on OEM was for the year. And as a business declines, it’s going to be dynamic. We’ve seen some and you all have seen some announcements with respect to N-Series that’s going to be effective this quarter. So, as we decline through pieces calling a specific by quarter is going to be complicated and we’re not going to do it. And we’ve talked about an up to 40 for the year decline, I think we’re still consistent with that and that’s reflective in my comments. And the branded revenue growth, the discussion was mid-single-digit. You saw branded revenue growth and I think that accelerates over the course of the year, really consistent with our view at Financial Analyst Day consistent with what we said in the fourth quarter. So I don’t think there’s any net change here.
Nick Noviello: Sure. This is Nick. We are going to expect a sequential increase in the business for sure. But as you know, over the last couple of years here we have moved through sequestration, we’ve moved through shutdown, we’ve moved through a variety of things that have obviously impacted the end result of the U.S. public sector. So we have just like every quarter really started with a bottom up forecast of the business including in the U.S. public sector. We expect a sequential increase. We’re not calling a specific percentage for that. I wouldn’t want to do that on this call. It’s built into the guidance we’ve given you. And we look at that just like we look at the Americas commercial, just like we look at the things Tom talked about in terms of enterprise, buyers and large transactions. So, all of that is built in. Again, we expect a sequential increase for sure. We’ve got a little bit more budget clarity here for sure. We at least hope we don’t see shutdown. There’s nothing like that on the horizon right now, but that’s all built in.
Nick Noviello: Hi, Maynard. It’s Nick. First of all, I’d say the guidance for the year and the discussion in that high-teens type of level stands to first quarter. We have a lot of pieces of the business. We talk about the dynamics of the business for the rest of the year, how we’ve maintained guidance at this point in time. Sure there’s a difference in terms of Q1 versus Q1 last year in terms of free cash flow as a percentage of revenue. There’s a couple of points and I made those points in the script on those. But this is a strong cash generating company and we continue to do quite well there. That is built into the guidance and I think our expectations remain consistent at this point in time, no net change. Obviously, as things or if things do change, we’ll give you that point of view when it’s necessary.
Nick Noviello: So just Q1, as an example, so on a year-over-year basis, the cash – deferred revenue is up $135 million. That is better than what we’ve done in the past. The sequential decline is less. We’ll have to look at all those pieces. ELAs are not an occurrence that is happening every day, right, in any form. There are elements of this business model as it grows and as we look at different business models and sell those, all of those will be built into our guide over time, but they are emerging. So these are pieces of business, the deferred revenues for the company over $3 billion, so in terms of moving the needle on free cash flow as a percentage of revenue and that type of number, that’s going to be – it’s not an immediate light switch; one way of 20% or another way of 20% is the way I’d look at it. And as things change over time, we’ll certainly give you that guidance over time. The net is a strong cash flow generating company. It’s going to continue that way and the ELAs, how we sell business, we’re going to be thinking about the cash generating side as well along the way.
Nick Noviello: Sure, Jim, it’s Nick. So, certainly, we gave that 63% to 64% guide for the year. The two pieces here and I talked about it a little bit in the scripted comments are on the product gross margin and the services gross margin. So each of them has a couple of different pieces to it and let me walk you through it. So on the product gross margin, I talked about product mix, I talked about supply chain savings and I talked about warranty. Now those things can move around and in fact in past quarters, what I’ve indicated on the supply chain savings is we generally realize it or recognize it and then we pass some of it through or a lot of it through depending upon what it is. If it’s on commodities, we pass it straight through to customers. And there will be a timing difference between the time we update the price list versus sometimes when we recognize the save. So that’s something that will move. So if you were to say, hey, Nick, at this point in time product gross margin should just continue to go up, that’s not necessarily – I wouldn’t necessarily agree with that because we have to look at the timing of the pass through of items, the type of business we’re doing and blend that altogether on product gross margin. On service gross margins, a little bit of a different set of statistics going on. Number one is we have to look at service revenues and what types of service revenues those are. And if those are hardware maintenance contract revenues or if those are professional services revenues, those have different margin profiles associated with them and the other thing on services that we have to look at and we talked about from time to time is investments in the services infrastructure, because in Q1 versus Q4 I would look at the performance here as a bit of leveraging the expense base of the structure that’s there. But as we look at installed base and installed base growth, remember we invest ahead of it to make sure that we are fully capable of servicing that installed base as it comes to fruition. So, yes, benefits on gross margin here in the first quarter of the year, we feel very good about that. We’re going to continue pushing on all of those levers. But we’re not changing that full year view because on the product side of the fence, the pass-throughs, sometimes the competitiveness we want to put into transactions or the services side on the investments and the infrastructure, those things can change and we will run those levers over the course of the year.
