George Kurian: First of all the demand for enterprise IT is shaped by the global macro environment and we did see the effects of an uncertain macro in certain parts of the world. At the same time when you compare Q4 with Q3 were the last month of our Q3 was in January. We saw generally improving environment in Q4. We -- in our business saw accelerating momentum through the end of the quarter and so we feel pleased with the progress we've made through the quarter and as we finished.
George Kurian: No, we ran a couple of promos for strategic products, mainly flash and cDOT. Those ran most of the year. We also had some significant discounting across-the-board, which is just what you see in the market today. The promotions are essentially to help our customers offset the cost of the need to migrate to clustered ONTAP. We’ve seen good results from the promotion. We’ve also seen progress with our All-Flash-Array momentum as we've outlined on the call. We tend to continue those promotions, but for offsetting the impact of those promotions with cost take out activities on both the cost of revenue, as well as the cost of service infrastructure.
George Kurian: First of all, we said in the prepared remarks that the majority of the uncertainty in the spending environment is due to the macro not from a secular shift to the cloud. We did not see any sort of substantial trend between Q3 and Q4 in terms of the cloud. In terms of positioning for the cloud, we have substantially improved our own positioning over the course of the year, for us being a serving customers with workloads on the cloud and let me articulate that in three ways. First is the supplier of technology to cloud providers, both people in enterprises building their own cloud as well as service providers building clouds. We've seen strong progress with both our clustered ONTAP offerings, as well as SolidFire that allows us to build both traditional cloud environment as well as next generation clouds. We are also the leader from an enterprise storage and data management technology company without question in the open stack cloud deployments where we’ve seen strong year-on-year growth. In terms of the hyper scalers, our solutions that combine hyper scale are cloud computing environment with our technology like NetApp private storage in our data fabric solutions have seen good growth through the course of the year. Its early, but as we noted we’re winning our share of leading-edge hybrid cloud deployments and are the only enterprise vendor who has the capability to combine a hyper scale our cloud with enterprise data management. Finally, as you note through the course of the year there are several examples of customers that started out on public cloud and decided to either migrate data and storage footprints to on-premises environment and we’re uniquely positions to capture those workloads as they transition either on-prem to the cloud or from the public cloud back on-prem.
George Kurian: SolidFire was immaterial during the course of this quarter. We felt good about the progress we’ve made and you'll see us continue to execute our integration plan focused on the team, the product roadmap, as well as the go-to-market. From our internal benchmarks we are ahead of our plan, so we feel good on the start with SolidFire. In terms of the All-Flash-Array segment, UPS not only demonstrate leadership with the progress we've made this quarter where we’re clearly outpacing both traditional vendors as well as the pure your plate All-Flash-Array start up. Without question representing the maturity of our portfolio and the ability to address the largest part of the flash market opportunity as customers transition mainstream storage environment from legacy SAN architectures to modern flash-based storage system. As a simple data point, the attach rate of fiber channel environments in our all-flash configuration is three times higher than in our disc base configurations representing without question the fact that we’re gaming share at the expense of the legacy fiber channel vendors. And stay tuned. In a few weeks we will have exciting announcements as I mentioned on the call with both SolidFire and ONTAP 9, announcing major progress and expanded leadership in the fastest-growing category in storage.
George Kurian: Yes, the only real negative is we having SolidFire in there now that's in the run rate drawbacks. We do have a little lower revenue in Q1, but we did get significant savings from the reduction we had in Q4. It benefited the quarter significantly about $50 million for run rate in Q1.
George Kurian: First of all the growth of strategic solutions accelerated through the quarter. If you saw the shipments of clustered ONTAP, the unit shipments were up substantially 80% year-on-year. And if you do the math 16% growth in aggregate on sequential -- on a sequential basis in strategic revenue. The All-Flash segment as well shows us accelerating our All-Flash-Array shipments and the growth rate continued to be strong of larger cloud footprints. So in aggregate we are actually very confident about the strategic solutions. We saw accelerating momentum with them in Q4 and through the course of the quarter and we look forward to over the course of fiscal 17 having strategic solutions more offset the decline in the mature category.
George Kurian: The mature solutions are do not expect mature solutions to be substantially different than the FAS we had. It will not increase as a percentage of our business and will continue to be a smaller part of our business from a go-forward basis. So we expect through the course of next year that strategic solutions will maintain their growth trajectory and will be an ever-increasing part of both product revenue and total Company revenue.
George Kurian: Let me address those with -- those are two questions, I’d ask that you just ask a single question, but on FlexPod we just announced several new exciting innovations that we've been working on with Cisco for a while and All-Flash configuration of the FlexPod that allows us to improve the performance and latency of traditional convert systems, as well as FlexPod systems by over 20X. We've announced the FlexPod lifecycle automation solution which is a capability that allows us to provide a highly automated deployment model for FlexPod customers that allows you to shrink the time from receiving equipment to serving data to less than an hour. This is competitive with the hyper converged solutions that are shipping in the market. And third with SolidFire we get the extreme ease of deployment, the simple scalability and the ability to offer through the use of solutions like OpenStack, the benefits of hyper converged technology, meaning rapid time to value and ease of deployment and administration without the compromises that hyper converged solutions offer.
George Kurian: So, we still are increasing our install base, therefore are increasing our services revenue. We saw a large increase as well in deferred revenue this quarter, little over $200 million. So I think even though you have mature business declining it's still adding to the install base as our strategic solutions, as well what you see is the services business is becoming more profitable. So, I think, I don’t know if I answered your question, but I think we don't see that being a drag on the business.
George Kurian: These are -- we are not going to break out numbers. They’re small numbers, but we had good growth of the solutions that connect to the hyper scale providers. Essentially we’ve NetApp private storage that provides customers with secure data management capabilities and allow you to use the compute clouds of hyper scale providers. We have AltaVault that provides backup as a service to the cloud providers where essentially a customer can use a cloud provider as a repository and do use it as an alternative to on-prem backup solutions, and we have cloud ONTAP. All of those had substantial growth, but on small numbers. We actually measure the impact of those solutions in the way they allow us to beat competitors that are building closed proprietary stacks and we’ve seen as I said on the call, we had substantial wins in several parts of the world where our open data fabric strategy allowing people to combine public hybrid clouds with on premises data centers gives us a strategic advantage over people who are building proprietary clouds.
George Kurian: So let me answer that question in a couple of ways, right. First of all, the total installed base of 7-Mode systems and clustered ONTAP systems is growing. So our install base is not declining, it's actually growing and clustered ONTAP is growing as a percentage of that. The installed base is a very large number, so even 26% of that installed base is actually a substantial number. We have run promotions through the course of the year to enable customers to transition from 7-Mode to clustered ONTAP as we noted about 1,300 customers accelerating through the course of the year decided to move forward from 7-Mode to clustered ONTAP. The percentage of the install base number that you see sometimes lags the point at which they actually decide to convert, because we have to see that show up in our reporting system. We also see as they migrate that some of those smaller systems get replaced potentially by fewer larger clustered ONTAP systems, so the percentage of systems under clustered ONTAP actually represent -- under represent sometime the total value of the systems that we’ve transitioned. In terms of the overall outlook for clustered ONTAP, we continue to stay focused on the total percentage of our installed base, look like total percentage is shipments and as you see the percentage of shipment is now very much clustered ONTAP, 85% of shipments of the factory and capacity under management, which is now close to 40%.
George Kurian: I think we see, first of all, the flash market transitioning from a place where it was essentially a performance used case to one where it replaces performance drives, meaning SaaS drives in the market. As customers make that transition, what they really want in the sort of the majority move is they want the enterprise data management features and how they choose to use it can be one of three ways. The first is Greenfield where for new deployments of enterprise applications they choose to deploy in All-Flash configuration as opposed to a hybrid or disc based configurations. The second could be a retrofit of an existing architecture where in the case of clustered ONTAP we're able to give people a completely transparent way to upgrade a disc drive system to an All-Flash system until you’ve got temporal needs or need for additional performance at a particular point in the season you can do that very, very easily with us. And the third as we’ve noted, is All-Flash systems are the new SAN configuration and we have replaced in customer after customer traditional fiber channel frame arrays from our incumbent competitors with All-Flash storage systems.
George Kurian: Thank you for your attendance on the call this afternoon. In closing, let me reiterate my confidence in NetApp's potential. We're committed to fundamental change and remain sharply focused on the execution of our three key priorities. Pivot to growth with our differentiated portfolio of strategic solutions, reduce costs, improve speed and focus by streamlining our business, and a robust capital allocation plan that includes shareholder returns and investment for the long-term growth of the business. We are building on a lot of positives. Our data fabric strategy is aligned with our customers, strategic IT imperatives. The strategic solutions are greater than 60% of product revenue and growing well. We have a large and growing install base and we saw accelerating customer momentum in Q4. And in the coming weeks, we will further advance our leadership position in flash and the next generation data center with exciting ONTAP and SolidFire innovations. I’m confident in our potential and I’m excited to have new leaders on Board. FY17 will be a year of transition. We expect that the growth of strategic solutions will outpace the declines in mature, returning the Company to growth in fiscal year '18. I look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Thank you.
Ron Pasek: Yes, you'll see the cost reductions both in COGS and OpEx throughout the year. They will tend to be a little more back end loaded, but they will be throughout year. You should see U.S realigning our go-to-market to the opportunity we see in the marketplace. We are going to be simplifying product offerings which will benefit the entire Company. You'll see us aggregating back-office functions to a shared services model. And we will be doing business process redesign, organization realignment and further the streamlining of our portfolio. So some of things will take a little bit of time. We talked about them last quarter. They’ve been ongoing. You'll see the benefit, to some extent throughout the first quarter and into the second quarter and throughout the year.
Ron Pasek: First of all, we feel good about the progress that these promotions have enabled us to achieve. We’ve gained channel mind share. We’ve essentially come from a long way back in the flash market to rapidly outpacing everybody, big and small in that market into a leadership position. And we’ve enabled our installed base of clustered ONTAP customers to move up -- ONTAP customers to move to a clustered operating system. We have those promotions in place. We intend to continue them, but we do have control for how long we run them first of all. The second is as we introduce the next versions of ONTAP, we will continue to expand our leadership in enterprise data management, as well as introduce particular patent pending storage efficiency techniques that allow us to be more cost-effective than we have been so far. And you'll see us take advantage of that by improving the margins over time.
Ron Pasek: So first of all, with regard to the comment about being a transition year. It’s a transition year with regard to product revenue where the absolute dollar decline of the mature category is still a drag in fiscal '17. 61% is not a 100% yet, right and so it will be a drag until we transition the mature business to where it's a far less --far important part of our business. In terms of SolidFire, the outlook for SolidFire is the same as that as we communicated last quarter, which is about 2%.
