George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into our results for the third quarter I want to take a moment to talk about Ron. Today we announced that, Ron has decided to retire by the end of the fiscal year. I want to recognize his many contributions since joining NetApp in 2016. Under Ron's leadership, we have increased product margins by 10 points, nearly doubled our earnings power and raised our dividend by over 100%. He has played a pivotal role in helping NetApp navigate a transformational period as we focus on becoming the leader in hybrid cloud data services. I think you'll agree that he's always been a true and honest broker. Knowing that this is his last earnings call before he retires is certainly bittersweet for me. We continuously think about what's next for the company and that includes thoughtful proactive succession planning. To that end Ron and I have been talking about the prospect of this transition for some time. During the search process, we have been focused on finding the right person to take on the role of Chief Financial Officer, and I'm very pleased with the quality of candidates. I expect that we will have someone in the role before the end of the quarter. Ron will stay on to ensure a seamless transition and I'm grateful for that.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the Q4 guide, the gross margin picture is affected by the fact that the mix between products and services leans more to products than it did in Q3. That's the typical seasonality that we see in the Q4 seasonal pattern. So we are not seeing anything specific other than just the mix of product and services being a little different than it was this quarter.
George Kurian: I think as Ron said Rod these ELAs are meant to make it easier for the customer to buy and they benefit from the structure of the ELAs to being able to buy more product more easily. We've always said they are choppy and hard to predict. We have deep engagements with the customers that we are structuring ELAs with. And we had we thought one in the quarter that has moved out and that's why we've also taken down the range from 2% to 1%. So we're trying to do the best we can to give you a view of what's available and we're balancing that with the probability that some of them may not happen in the year.
George Kurian: Listen, I think these are by nature large transactions with a very few customers, right? It's -- 1% or 2% of our total revenue is not a large number and the number of those transactions are very, very few. So each of them are lumpy, hard to predict and sizable and I'll just leave it there Rod.
George Kurian: Listen, let me just kind of - we're not going to guide the next fiscal year. We'll give you that guidance when we actually guide it. I could tell you that first of all the investments we are making in additional sales coverage, we are on-track against our target of 200 incremental sales headcount covering new accounts and driving customer acquisition by the end of Q1 fiscal year 2020. It takes those sales reps roughly four quarters to get productive, so the majority of the productivity will show up next year which should drive the year-on-year model to be favorable relative to what we had this year. And we are seeing the early payoff of some of the investments, we made in acquisition accounts and acquisition districts as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, showing up positively and accelerating through the course of the year. With regard to product gross margins as Ron mentioned, we have been maintaining strong margins across the board both on product and services reflecting the differentiation of our offerings, the work that we've done in terms of driving productivity in the business and the discipline of our sales force to capture the full value of our offerings. And we think that regardless of the ELA picture, we have a sound business model on the gross margin side. We have been disciplined in our operating expenses. As we said, we have outlaid the sales headcount without adding to the operating expense structure of the company. And we'll tell you more about our plans for how we continue to be disciplined on operating expenses next year. But overall the business model of the company is a strong one. I have every confidence that on the top line the investments we're making this year together with our really strong product portfolio should drive positive territory next year.
George Kurian: I think first of all with regard to our competitive position, the data that we mentioned about our ability to win new accounts and gain share in new districts proves that we have strong competitive positions. With regard to these accounts that we are doing ELA discussions with we are deeply, deeply involved in those accounts. We've got many years of experience dealing with them and we don't see that they're headed to an alternate architecture or alternate buying motion. I think these transactions are complex. They require coordination across many departments and the customer. We've always been transparent about the fact that they're lumpy, right? And there's very few of them. So my own view is ELAs are 1% to 2% of our business. The majority of the business is extremely healthy. These customers that we are in discussions with we have other ways to pursue meeting their needs beyond the ELAs and we are using that in other parts of some of these accounts. So we'll tell you more as the ELAs come through and we get more visibility into some of these discussions going forward.
George Kurian: Well I think the ELA was a contributing factor to the decline. I think, if ELA had been -- had come in I think the picture would have been quite different Katy. I think with regard to the weakness in product revenue which continues to be in the largest enterprises, as we have said those are the ones that are most affected by uncertain macroeconomic buying conditions. And we are trying to balance our exposure to those accounts by acquiring new accounts. We've seen good results from that. And hopefully those two lines should cross over at some point in the near future.
George Kurian: Thanks for the question. There are two things that we believe will allow us to move that lineup. I think the first is we continue to do enablement and training. And we are acquiring more new customers, every single day. These workloads or applications that we serve in the public cloud, they are important applications, right? They're mission-critical applications, high-performance applications. And so it takes a while for the customer to get comfortable with the usage of our technology, before they adopt and expand. We are seeing some of the early customers who did proof of concepts with us, started to move some workloads. And now is starting to broaden their book of business. So that will take a little bit of ramp time. The second is, due to overwhelming demand. And the fact that operationally, we are in the early phases of a multi-region global rollout. We have a process that we've agreed on with the hyperscale cloud provider, which is we call -- which they call white-listing, where the customer requires a registration for us to manually approve them being onboarded. We are in a window where we're working hard to remove white-listing. And that will allow us to scale, demand more -- in a much more automated fashion. So those are the two key things that we need to get through to be able to scale it even faster.
George Kurian: We have clearly signs of the favorable demand patterns. And as we see that the market opportunity is clearly there to get. And that's clearly our goal and intent. As we said, we are about a year behind where we wanted to be because of the time. It's taken us to get these services to production readiness, and so we're going to continue to push to see, how we can get to that target. And we'll keep you updated on progress.
George Kurian: I think this year the all-flash array business has been affected in two dimensions. One was the fact that our largest customers who were most impacted by the macro were heavily all-flash customers. So from a product mix perspective, the fact that our biggest accounts underperformed or bought less impacted our all-flash business more substantially than it impacted pretty much every other product in the company. The second is that the ELAs were also heavily all-flash-oriented. So both of those have been contributing factors to the year-on-year declines in the all-flash category. We expect the work that we're doing with the deployment of additional sales force, resources as well as focusing our compensation plans and our sales objectives on returning to growth in the all-flash category to be able to drive our business at and above market growth rates. And we'll tell you more about that as we issue the FY 2021 guide. But we are taking actions to focus our sales force on the best-in-class product in the all-flash category which is ours right? And we have every confidence that we should be able to meet or beat the market next year.
George Kurian: Listen I think first of all for the drives in our platforms we typically pass the cost on to our customers, right? I think NAND is not an embedded component of our system, it is a consumable that we pass on to customers and so we don't try to mask the commodities in terms of the drives in our system. And so there will be -- at some point, as the market adjusts upward, if that is the trajectory, we're going to be discrete about making sure that we pass on some of that to our customers, right? And so we've had that history. I think the industry as a whole has had that history. And we'll disclose it when we do it, right? I think with regard to product gross margins they've been strong this year and even without ELAs because of the fact that our sales force has been enabled and we know how to sell the value of our offerings. A substantial portion of that value is actually software that both makes our systems the most efficient in the industry, but also allows our customers to uniquely take advantage of hybrid cloud capability that nobody else in the industry has. And so we are differentiated in software. That's proven out in the ability to hold gross margins in a tough economic environment.
George Kurian: So we saw the first signs of the macro being a little bit more choppy was about a year ago in January. We saw a substantial step-down from that level of uncertainty into a much more sort of uncertain environment in Q1. I think from Q1 -- of our fiscal Q1. I think from then on it's stayed relatively in the same territory. I wouldn't say it has gotten worse. It is reflective of three or four key things. I think the first is buying cycles are longer and the amount of spend per transaction is smaller. I think we have consistently seen a higher rate and number of transactions across a broader range of accounts, especially as we've added sales capacity through the year. And so, that's indications that we can win in net new accounts, but that the average transaction size is more muted. You also see the fact as we've said where people are buying for now versus buying capacity for the long-term. Even though you hand people incentives to buy a larger transaction, they're more sort of comfortable buying for the short-term. Those are some of the key things. With regard to what gives us confidence that we can return to growth, listen I think first of all, we have relatively easy compares in the first half of next year. We've put in capacity ahead of that window to get our sales teams productive. We've got work to do to enable all the 200 that we put in place. But the results from the new deployments of resources in terms of customer wins, units, sales volume, use cases, have all been really encouraging. With regard to these large customers that we are engaged with, we have deep relationships with them. We know when they're making an architectural choice to go to the cloud, because we are an intimate part of those cloud discussions with many. And frankly, as we said in our prepared remarks, some of them going to cloud might be a near-term hindrance to revenue growth, but they give us a much broader revenue opportunity in the medium-term, right? We mentioned the Fortune 10 company, which as they've moved to cloud has given us a maybe 3 to 4 times larger opportunity than we had on premises. And so, we're excited about that opportunity in those accounts that are choosing to move to cloud.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that we're seeing the environment is choppy, right? We are seeing that customer spending, enterprise IT spending for on-premises data centers is choppy and that has been true for a few quarters now. Do I have enough data to say, it's a shade better or a shade worse? I don't have that data right? I'm just saying it is pretty choppy and uncertain. I think with regard to the sales force productivity, we've always said it's between three and four quarters, roughly four quarters for a new account manager to be fully trained and equipped and ready. We said that we would be adding increments of 50 headcount starting in Q2 of fiscal year 2020 and finishing at the end of Q1 fiscal year 2021. So we would have four chunks of that. We are on track with the hiring, and we're working hard on enablement, right? And so, I think if you do the math the majority of the productivity impact of that headcount is actually next fiscal year. And listen, we'd love to move the productivity impact earlier and we're doing everything we can, but I think that's where you should reasonably model it.
George Kurian: Listen, our Q4 revenue guide does not include any disruption to our supply chain from the coronavirus. So far, two elements of our business and their potential impact on coronavirus, right? On the demand side, we don't have a large business in China. We, as you know, prosecute that business through a joint venture with Lenovo, who are the distributors of our technology in China. Our customers are -- do large amounts of business in China, so I would model on the demand side that our impact to us is a second-order derivative, right? With regard to the supply side, with regard to our supply chain, yes, we like others have supply base that is built – that has a meaningful footprint in China. And we are working pretty hard on contingency planning to minimize disruptions. So far, we have not seen any, but I think there's probably likely some and we're working hard to minimize that.
George Kurian: With regard to the public sector business mostly performed according to plan. I think we saw a pretty normal pattern of business in our public sector.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we have a variety of ways to broaden our relevance in the public sector. We are working with some of our cloud provider partners to be part of their initiatives and to serve our men and women in uniform in new and interesting ways. So we'll tell you more about that as we bring those to market.
George Kurian: With regard to the sales force, we said that we would add 200 incremental sales resources to allow us to acquire new customers. We laid that out in four quarters sort of saying that we would start in Q2 of fiscal – of this fiscal year and finish at the end of Q1 of fiscal year 2021, and we are on track. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are bringing good candidates on board and we are generally on track. We also said that it would take a typical new sales rep about four quarters to get productive. So if you do the math, the majority of the benefits of that investment really are next year, right? With regard to Q4, the change or the softness is really for us being a little bit more conservative on ELAs going from previously what we thought would be 2% down to 1% maybe a shade below 1% in that range, right? And so I think that's the majority of the change between what you saw previously and what you see now.
George Kurian: I'll just say that Ron and I have had a common philosophy and a shared one around the sources and uses of cash. I don't think you should see a radical departure from our belief that cash is an important asset for both investing in the long-term health of the business and in terms of providing returns to shareholders. So, I don't think that you should see us make a radical departure from that philosophy going forward.
George Kurian: So, Q4 has always been the strongest quarter in terms of a year-end finish for our sales force. I think we have done a good amount of work in terms of looking at our pipeline. And we're not saying that the guide isn't requires really good execution and it doesn't require disruption due to coronavirus or anything else. But I think that we're counting on the fact that we are at the end of a fiscal year and Q4 is the quarter that those sales reps that are in the money are going to bring in transactions, right? I think that's the short summary. I think like all plans we go into the quarter looking at our pipeline looking at close rates looking at how many transactions that are high probability medium probability low probability are required to get in these numbers and we've done that work. It is a choppy environment. And so we've tried to be cautious around the probabilities, but we've done -- we're doing as much due diligence as we can with regard to the quality of the bookings forecast that we give you.
George Kurian: Listen HCI addresses some of the use cases in the customers' data center, particularly ones that are single application use. I think that we have a good offering. It's differentiated for mixed workloads and has several elements for customers who require good data management capabilities even in a single application use. And we're focusing our efforts in HCI in that part of the market. We don't see HCI displacing sort of the core of solid-state storage right? I think fiber channel storage as well as high-performance scale-out NFS storage has still got actually many, many applications in the data center. And our original view that HCI might displace those isn't being proven true. And I think you'll see us push aggressively with our flash and hybrid flash products to address those use cases.
George Kurian: No, it's too early to comment on that. I think I would just tell you the majority of our customers today on CDS are in early production, right? So, they're in -- you could say they're in proof-of-concept of their first application deployment on our platform. And they might be in production on that application, but that's the first of many. They want to move to that platform. So broadly speaking, until we sort of remove ungated demand, which is removing what we call white-listing, every customer is in sort of a proof-of-concept mode. And once we remove that, you should be able to see much more automated onboarding of customers to that platform.
George Kurian: I think with regard to the use of consumption and consumption-based offerings we see that our cloud data services plus managed services from partners are really good opportunities for customers to get going with us in a consumption offering. I think we made our subscription type model available. We're seeing early interest that's very healthy, and we are working with a small group of customers on proof-of-concepts getting them on board and going from there. With regard to the streamlined pricing and packaging of our platforms, I think that's a big part of why product gross margins continue to be healthy, right? I think that customers are able to understand the value that we offer in a much more streamlined way than we historically used to. And so it's another support element for product gross margins helping our sales force establish value with customers. With regard to some of the shifts we see going on in the market, as I mentioned, we are participating with the hyperscaler cloud providers in new market opportunities and especially in the public sector market. We'll tell you more about it as those become real, but they expand our total addressable market opportunity in a way that we didn't before.
George Kurian: Our Data Fabric strategy is creating value for our customers NetApp and our investors. Only NetApp has the strategy the innovation portfolio and customer experience to help customers succeed in hybrid multi-cloud IT. All these integration with the leading public clouds and industry-leading technology for on-premises storage solutions gives us a sustainable competitive advantage. We'll continue our strong focus on operational discipline, which enables us to make the strategic investments in sales coverage, customer experience and hybrid multi-cloud solutions needed to capitalize on the opportunity ahead. We are seeing early signs of success by getting in front of more customers, which gives me confidence that our investments will pay off in future growth. Thank you all and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Ron Pasek: Thank you, George. Let me start by expressing my deep appreciation for the opportunity to work alongside the talented team here at NetApp. These past four years have been incredibly rewarding. The team has proved to be collaborative, innovative and empowering and I'm proud of what we have achieved during my time here. I also want to thank the investor and analyst community as it's been a genuine pleasure working with all of you. This is an exciting time for our industry and for NetApp, and I look forward to helping our next CFO transition into the role.
Ron Pasek: Thanks, Karl. So as you know we don't guide product margins discretely. But what we do have is about 1% of ELAs for the year in Q4 as opposed to what we had before is 2%. There's a lot of other -- so first of all in -- with respect to component costs it is a very small amount we saw quarter-to-quarter from Q2 to Q3. That was -- a headwind to gross margin was 0.1% so -- but there's a whole lot of other mix, right? There's mix by product. If we have a higher flash mix it tends to help margin all things being equal. We have higher software mix that helps gross margin. So there's a lot of dynamics under there. I wouldn't read anything into it with respect to component costs.
Ron Pasek: We can see some of them. They're still difficult to predict but they always were back-end loaded so some of the ones that we expect in Q4 probably going to slip out of the year. That's really it. But it's a very different year than last year. Last year they're front-end loaded. This year they're back-end loaded. As we told you they're difficult to predict in a quarter. And then if they come at the end of the year they're difficult to predict than they're going to come in the year. So it's just that simple. Having said all that, we still are really happy with the gross margin performance of the underlying product revenue. It's very strong. It won't be a headwind because of [indiscernible] ELAs year-to-year.
Ron Pasek: So, we guided gross margin for the quarter between 66% and 67%. Last quarter for Q3, it was closer to 68%. You have a higher mix of product revenue, in Q4. That's the biggest degradation to margins. There's a -- without going into a specific number the product margin guide employed in that, is actually higher than Q3 because of the ELA. So I think, it just -- you can't see all this. But I'm telling you it actually all holds together. So...
Ron Pasek: That's right. That's kind of the variable. You've got -- as I said earlier, you have a mix now. We didn't historically have a mix difference in margin between all-flash. And hybrid and now we do. There's a big difference between, what you sell at all-flash in the margin versus hybrid. Plus, the mix of software is a wild card. So last quarter in Q3 we saw software being less of the total than we did in Q2. And that was a little bit of the degradation. So there's a lot of dynamics, going on under there.
Ron Pasek: So Mehdi, two things: number one is as you saw this quarter I think quarter-to-quarter NAND prices went up about 4% and have a very minimal effect on our gross margin, because contrary to popular belief not a big huge portion of the COGS in our system is actually NAND, right? A lot of it's software, a lot of it's other parts. So I think what you should see this year is -- you're right, this year we should project to see NAND go up, but it won't have a huge material effect on gross margin because there's a lot of other components.
Ron Pasek: So with respect to the mix of channel, I mean, that vacillates – it's usually 80/20 as vacillates around that mean. There's nothing underlying there that was – is permanent or unusual.
Ron Pasek: Well, yeah, I think it's going to coincide with the change in the fiscal year, when we give the guide. Obviously, we'll give some clarity around what would happen to the capital allocation policy. But the dividend is permanent that's not going to change. If anything it's going to go up as we proceed from here on out. And to your point, we're almost done with the $4 billion share repurchase. So you could see that getting to an end fairly soon and the company will probably re-clarify what the next tranche will be going forward. And I'll let my successor determine that with George.
Ron Pasek: So, it was roughly flat. It hasn't changed all that much. We -- you know we haven't been in a hiring mode except on the salesforce side. We're holding OpEx essentially flat this fiscal year. Some of that is variable comp, but it obviously implies that we're not adding a lot of people just in certain areas and rather surgically.
Ron Pasek: Yeah. So actually if you remember even in Q1 and Q2 adjusting for currency, we were flat. This quarter it's up about 5%. What I tried to put in my prepared remarks and we've actually started to see the benefits of some of the work, we've been doing on renewals, so it's finally starting to pay off. Better renewal rates, better structures, better pricing, better discounting, so you'll have to wait until next year, but that's actually a bright spot that trend line is actually in really good shape.
