Ronald Pasek: Sure. Wamsi, I mentioned when I guided last quarter, that we did have some one-time benefits in Q2. Those didn't recur obviously in Q3. And we did have a little bit of higher discounting, which we normally see seasonally in Q3. That's really it.
Ronald Pasek: Yeah. I'm only going to talk about Q4, but it's implied in the total margin guide and you're right, that we're roughly flat for product margins quarter-to-quarter implied in that total margin guide. I think you've got to go out and you have to wait until Analyst Day to have us give implications for some of the monetization of our Cloud business. So I'm not going to talk about that - this early.
Ronald Pasek: Yeah. So I'll just reiterate what I said almost a year ago, which is - we do want to increase the dividend significantly. That's likely to be something we announced in Analyst Day. As you know, we nearly done with our current share authorization repurchase. Undoubtedly, we'll probably announce another significant share repurchase. And what I also talked about was de-levering and that's probably something we'll do a little bit of. We still want some debt in our capital structure. And just to reiterating what we said, this doesn't change how we think about in organic growth. So just having cash onshore doesn't change our idea of what makes sense from an inorganic standpoint.
Ronald Pasek: We've talked about this, you know, as you saw last year when NAND prices rose, we chose to raise all this price. And in most cases, try to pass that on to our customers. By the same token, should we see significant decreases in NAND prices, we would probably do as well price decreases. However, remember, DRAM is getting quite expensive, so we balanced it with that. Absent timing issues, you really don't see an impact because of NAND memory. We really kind of make it neutral.
Ronald Pasek: So it's seasonal in the sense that last quarter is the large, US public sector quarter. We typically see little higher margin elevation in there, and it received a little bit in Q3. That's really all we see- and we saw and we actually forecasted that. That was baked into the guide I gave.
Ronald Pasek: So to the first part of your question. Yeah, the 18% was for FY '18 only. We'll give you more information on what likely is to transpire with our future tax rate at our Analyst Day.
Ronald Pasek: No. no it's just - we've been consisted with the guidance we've given all year. We've met or been in the range or beat them at every quarter. And we don't consistently try to be conservative. We're trying to be realistic. And we try to deliver consistent results and that's exactly what we've been doing.
Ronald Pasek: So I think at the highest level, what we said last year at Analyst Day is that for FY '19 and '20, we plan to self-fund our merit increase where you saw a bump up this year in FY '18. There's a little bit of headwind next year as it relates to FX. But that's still the commitment that we're driving to get the leverage out of the business model.
Ronald Pasek: Yeah. We - exactly, we've been really clear that transformation is not an event. It's something we're doing ongoing. You can see that this quarter we had a small separate charger that's part evidence of that transformation. We continue to make changes of that you don't see in our total results, but internally, there's lots of trade-offs, lots of investment and disinvestment and we'll continue to do that and will for probably forever.
Ronald Pasek: Yeah. Let's start with your last question first. So, I think, what we had last quarter was fairly linear shipments, but we had certain customers that were early payers that occurred earlier in the quarter than usual. So that left a little bit of a timing issue. It's not something - we don't have an escalation and elongation in receivables. So it's particularly well into caught up list related to what customers decided to pay.
Ronald Pasek: So Katy, as the first part of your question, we do not have a problem with components, particularly NAND or DRAM. We have already accessed checked out in my prepared remarks because it's really become a non-issue at this point. And you can see our performance for the last six quarters has been consistent in that respect.
George Kurian: Yeah. So we were down a little bit, but as I said, we saw an increase in deferred revenue, which is a precursor to see that part of the business return to growth. And I have said this year, as we went through the year, the headwind would lessen. That's still what we would like to see. And going out to next year, we're going to give you a little more color at Analyst Day about what you should model next year. But as I said, remember, the installed base is growing, increasing significant product revenue growth, and that's starting to accumulate in the installed base for both point-of-sale and ultimately renewals.
George Kurian: The strategic product revenue growth continues to reflect both our alignment with customer's spending priorities and the fact that we are gaining share in all of the fast growing markets at the expense of competition. So we feel very good about our progress. I think with regard to hyper-converged as we mentioned, we are very excited about the momentum. We're off to a strong start. Customer demand is reflecting the position and value of our solution, and we are focused on gaining share in that market as well.
George Kurian: I think the competition has always been fierce. I think that our largest competitor's remains a formidable one. They have fundamental product portfolio challenges and the lack of cloud story. So it's not just a matter of hiring people or throwing incentives at the channel like they've been that's going to turn around their business. They've got to fundamentally rationalize a completely confusing product portfolio. They lack a competitive flash offering with a road map to the future, and they've got to get a cloud story. So lots of work to do on their side. They'd rather be in my shoes than in theirs. In response to refuse to lose, we'll just say, we refuse to stop quitting.
George Kurian: The hyper-converged market, I think, will have different use cases over a period of time. We are focused on the enterprise use cases of hyper-converged, where customers want to deploy an infrastructure for enterprise applications, which have guaranteed performance, scalability and predictability and our architecture is resonating for those use cases. We are positioned to scale, compute and storage separately from each other. We use industry standard, networking interfaces and all of those have led us to be off to a very good start. We have more work to do to expand the range of customers. But the points of differentiation that we have articulated prior to the product launch are proving out in the transactions that we're competing for.
George Kurian: I think if you see decreases in NAND pricing, I think from a product mix shift, we'll be testing customers deploy more all-flash arrays. I think given the substantial differentiation that we have in that segment, it allows us to capture new footprints and competitive - accelerate competitive placements even faster than we are today. So we are excited of the prospect of NAND pricing coming back in line through this latter part of the summer.
George Kurian: With regard to artificial intelligence and machine learning, one of the fundamental underpinnings of an AI environment is having a large amount of data that you can use to train the algorithms that are being developed for machine learning. And with our technology, we are seeing customers start to build out those environments either on-premises alongside GPU stacks from people like NVIDIA or on the cloud as part of our cloud services portfolio. And so we feel well positioned to capture those deployments as they come, because we are the only vendor that can do that either on-prem or on the cloud, and we're excited at that possibility.
George Kurian: With regard to the question on the cloud data services, yes, we are clearly differentiated in the market because we are the only technology provider that can give the customer the choice of where to deploy their technology, either in their data center, in a co-location provide facility on their edge or in the cloud. With regard to the work we're doing, we are very excited. These solutions are in private preview, meaning, pre-commercial. It will be available later this year in the commercial form. And so for Q4, we see acceleration of our momentum without any contribution from these cloud data services. We will tell you that we could not be more excited about the possibilities that these afford in terms of overall customer success and contribution to our business model, but we'll share more of those details at Financial Analyst Day. With regard to what are they displacing, there are sort of two or three categories of choices that customers make. For new workloads that are being deployed on the cloud, where they need scale and efficiency, they are typically displacing a service that hyperscaler offers. So for example, EFS from Amazon, customer will choose our storage services and data services because they're just much mature and much more high performance and scale better. With regard to the use of the cloud, the second use might be to displace an on-premise environment and those could be from either a competitor of ours or from us, as they decide to move workloads. And the third is to have a hybrid deployment, either across clouds or between a public cloud and the on-premises world, where we are increasingly winning on-premises market share at the expense of competitors who cannot offer a cloud offering. So all of those of three, and we really feel like this will be a meaningful contribution to our business, particularly for our customers.
George Kurian: I don't think you should see that. I think when we look at the April quarter, we continue to see strength in our product business. I think the overall product revenue should continue to stay in the range of year-on-year growth that you see in the current quarter. I think the mix between mature and strategic depends on the quarter. I think in the mature certain categories in mature are tied to the performance of our OEM business, which can vary quarter-to-quarter. So I don't think you should - we don't see any slowdown in our strategic momentum whatsoever.
George Kurian: We always planned to articulate the capital return at Analyst Day. It coincides with the disclosures and meetings we have internally. But again, we gave you a guidance on that subject 10 months ago, and we're going to be consistent with that guidance. So you're right, anytime we increase deferred revenue that usually means we get cash up front. So, that - all things being equal, that would help cash flow, which it did last quarter a little bit as deferred increased to 1% year-over-year. So that's right, that's exactly how we think about it. But we made more progress in other aspects of cash generation, mostly you can see them demonstrated in the cash conversion cycle, where we elongated DSO. We had a really good turns there for days of inventory. We're quite low, and a little bit worse than DSO, but it's a focus here for the company, and we've been negative in the cash conversion for the past two quarters.
George Kurian: We don't feel any concern from the Dell EMC move. As we said, I think they have always been a formidable competitor, but they have a lot of fundamental issues unrelated to scale and distribution. They have fundamental product issues and alignment with customer road maps that take a long time to fix. So I don't think that we're, in any way, concerned about EMC. We're going to continue to watch them, but we're not worried about the sentiment that they are creating. We feel good about our position, very good.
George Kurian: I think we've been very pleased with the breadth and the performance of the theaters and geographies, as we mentioned in my prepared remarks. We're seeing strengths across segments, geographies and there's really good momentum of our strategic product portfolio. So we want to thank our sales leadership and our sales teams for that. I think we continue to focus in on where - how to align our resources against the biggest opportunities. As we rollout new innovations with cloud providers and hyper-converged to make sure that we've got our best resources aligned against the biggest customer segments and opportunities, that's a work that we'll continue, as Ron said, through next year. But overall, we're very excited at the momentum. 26% year-on-year growth in strategic products is a really good benchmark. And for mature to reach stabilization, gives us a lot of confidence looking forward. And we're really excited to finish the year and a step into the next year.
George Kurian: Yeah. As the Run to NetApp campaign, which is one of our competitive programs, continues to be very strong. I think the resellers, who sell to the enterprise, also have given us really good feedback on the momentum of our portfolio. And finally, as we bring the cloud service providers into the market with our technology, we will be able to access buying centers and wallets in those accounts that are not available to traditional infrastructure providers. So we feel very, very good. We're well positioned, and we continue to gain share and stay focused on that.
George Kurian: There's a certainly an element of HCI workloads that are replacing SAN environments. An HCI environment is a way to displace a more traditional cyber channel environment with an Ethernet-based simplified storage landscape. The HCI environments today are being deployed. Traditionally Gen 1 HCI was for a standalone VDI, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure use case. There was not as much for mixed workloads. But as we bring enterprise-grade HCI into the market, people are deploying multi-use workloads on top of HCI. So we feel that it's a new set opportunities for us to go capture and that we're very pleased with the start that we've had. We've got more work to do, but we're off to a really good start.
George Kurian: With regard to the maintenance lines, it depends on the agreement that we have with the specific cloud provider. In the case of our partnership with Microsoft, Microsoft does the level one and level two support, and NetApp does the level three support. The solution starts out with the hardware, but should quickly transition to a software-only model. So it will be a very attractive business to us. In the case of the solution, for example, with Amazon, we deploy the infrastructure of software, sell it through the Amazon marketplace and we get some maintenance revenue stream. We have not seen any difference in the maintenance attach rates between our cloud services and on-premises technology, I think, so far. So we feel good about the business. We'll tell you more as it becomes - as we head into Analyst Day.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we'll tell you more about our outlook heading into next year. I think if you look at what we had told you for fiscal 2018, we had said that we were planning the business for low single-digit, but we had a lot of confidence to believe that we could outperform that number and we have been, right? So this is a fifth consecutive quarter of product revenue growth year-on-year, and the numbers are very strong. I think that what you'll see from us is the ability to continue to stay disciplined on the operating expense line, while delivering strong top line performance. And we'll give you more details of that for what it means from fiscal 2019 onwards on Analyst Day. But I'll just tell you that our confidence in our ability to drive product revenue growth to help accelerate the top line of the company is even stronger today than a few quarters ago. Mature has started to stabilize, as we said, and the strength of our strategic product portfolio, both in terms of the markets we compete in as well as the new markets that we are stepping into, is evident. And I'll just leave it there, so thanks. We're excited.
George Kurian: So let me take on each of those. The NVMe over fabric technology, that's available in the E-series EF570. For NVMe over InfiniBand, we started to see some really good customer applications for it, targeting extremely high-performance analytics workloads for real-time analytics platforms, either in cloud service providers or in large-scale enterprise customers. So we're - we feel good about that offering. I think the E-series broadly, the branded business did well. The OEM business depends on the quarter and the performance of the OEMs, as we've said, consistently. I think with regard to the overall product portfolio that we talked about, again, we feel very good about the mix of business. I think with regard to the adoption of HCI, it's a little different than flash where are flash is essentially replacing one operational environment with another. In the case of HCI, there are some environments where the decision-making body for buying a hyper-converged infrastructure is different from the one that buy standard storage, right. So it may take a little bit longer to ramp, but the market is growing very quickly, so we'll have to wait and see. There's a lot of opportunity. We've got a good solution and we're going to compete like hell.
George Kurian: I think in the solid state business, given the track record and the capability that we have, we continue to see bigger and bigger footprints coming our way at customers, where they are now displacing entire landscapes and standardizing on our flash technology as the platform. I think in other cases, where it's still early like in the cloud, for example, we are in private preview, so we haven't yet started charged commercially. But you see people doing proofs of concepts and getting ready for commercial availability.
George Kurian: With regard to the question you had about the impact of tax reform, I think we see that the improving economic outlook and consumer confidence is allowing customers to plan longer term. And so we are seeing people getting more definitive about what they want to do. I also think that they are getting much clearer about what they want to do in the cloud and what they want to do consequently on-premises. So those are the two clearer driving factors we see. And in certain cases like deployment of flash technology, there's a really hard return on investment that they can capture very quickly and those are all driving momentum in customer transactions.
George Kurian: I mean, I think, we operate in a broad range of geographies, so I'd be hesitant to give you an answer on one thing. I think the overall IT landscape that we see reflects the geographic economic outlook, right? So in a country, where things are looking bullish, people are spending more. In countries where the economic landscape isn't as strong, people are not spending as much. I think that's the general pattern we see. I think with regard to the U.S., I think clearly, the economic outlook is a little better. That's giving people more confidence and you're seeing that. I think with regards to our own product portfolio, we are overweight relative to everybody else in our industry of scale in the places where customers are spending. So we have all-flash, converged, hyperconverged, and cloud as big bets, and they are clearly in the areas where customers are spending. And we have a differentiated portfolio in each of those segments. So we get to see a lot of transactions that are high priority for customers to spend. I don't think that's the case for other players in the market or broadly speaking, for the portfolio at large.
George Kurian: We had good execution in a number of countries in EMEA. Certainly, Germany, improvements in Southern Europe, and stabilization in the UK. The UK market, I would say, is still trying to figure out the implications of Brexit. There's a lot of contingency planning. And so that does hold up certain large transactions. We're winning our share of the smaller transactions. But I think we were very pleased with the strength of many, many parts of the European segment for us.
George Kurian: I think it will still broadly reflect economic performance in those geographies. I would hesitate to characterize a single European outlook. I do think we feel good about our position in Germany, both because of the economy and as well as the strength of our local execution. We are by far the market share leader in Germany. I think we continue to see opportunities for further improvement in France and certain parts of Southern Europe. And then in the U.K., we're waiting for further clarity on exactly how whether it's going to be a hard Brexit and how and when, right? So we'll tell you more at Analyst Day as that data gets clearer to us. Today, it'd be premature to comment about the U.K.
George Kurian: I think it's certainly expanded substantially. I think most of our discussions with customers start with some flavor of cloud, whether it's a public cloud or service provider cloud, there's clearly an element of cloud in virtually every discussion. I think with regard to the transactions themselves, they may start on-premises, but because of our road map to the cloud, right. So we think that these conversations are materially different than a year ago, and we're certainly benefiting from that.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. Q3 marked another great quarter for NetApp. We are winning in the cloud and on-premises deployments as well as gaining new customers because of our Data Fabric strategy. We are gaining share in the high growth, all-flash array market, the SAN market and the converged infrastructure market. We're gaining momentum in the HCI market, and we are uniquely positioned to monetize the growth of the cloud. We feel very good about our position in the market and we're going to double down on it. Our continued strength drives my confidence in our future. Thank you. And we hope to see you in April at our Financial Analyst Day.
