Ron Pasek: If you look at our Q2 seasonality, there are sort of two or three elements that come into play. The first is Q2 is typically a strong quarter for our U.S. public sector business. The second is, Cloud Data Services and our Private Cloud business should continue to perform in a normal seasonal acceleration model, and then the third is that we have factored in and probability weighted a little impact from ELAs in Q2. As you might note from the call script, we did not see any ELAs in Q1. 
Ron Pasek: So Ron, so it’s factored in with a probability. So there's some in there, we factored it down a little bit, just in case, so – and there was some in there last year, so that’s a fair compare. But we didn’t put it in at the full value. 
Ron Pasek: Yes, so there is a couple of factors. The biggest one is, obviously, you can see that in the quarter as well. You know the product revenue was down year-over-year. So, as a result, the services margin which is higher than product weighs higher on the overall margin and pushes the overall margin up.  Having said that, we’ve told you for the last several years we're working on improving gross margins. We've had 10 consecutive quarters of gross margin improvement on the product margin side and that should continue throughout the year a little bit, both from a pricing standpoint and then some costs as well. 
Ron Pasek: We saw a little bit of weakness, and as you know it can be fairly lumpy, it's hard to predict often times what OEM customers are going to buy. We feel comfortable with the outlook for the year for OEM, which as we told you last quarter is probably not as robust and we are accepting that, but again we didn’t see a robust quarter this quarter, we do expect to make the year as planned. 
Ron Pasek: Okay, so let me start with that one. So you know when you look at maintenance you've got to kind of combine the software maintenance and hardware maintenance together, because we have changed the values associated with each over a period of time, certainly as it relates to the newly installed base.  When you add them together they are down 1% year-over-year and when you adjust for FX they are flat. The fact of the matter is we are growing our installed base of systems under contract and have been for really, for the last eight quarters. So it's actually very healthy what you see reflected for the revenue number. 
Ron Pasek: Just to add to that Tim, remember we have no ELAs in Q1, limited in Q2, so most of the ELAs will happen in the second half, actually it helps with the second half. 
Ron Pasek: Yeah, so just on the ELAs, you know I won’t give you the number in Q2 but it’s not huge. Obviously I factored it down, which means that mostly the ELAs will be in the second half. Again to George’s point, we told you that ELAs are roughly 2% of total revenue. So you should expect the majority of that in the second half of the year. 
Ron Pasek: You know I'd rather not go into some of the specific assumptions we made by geo. I think we did look at several things. We looked at what we're seeing in the macro environment in each of those geographies, we talked at the local sales leadership etcetera.  We are making judgments overall, so I can't tell you the exact trade-offs we made, but we are looking at a downsize down 10% for the year. So obviously you'll see that probably most profoundly down in the Americas, kind of given where we are, but beyond that I'm not going to give any other detail.
Ron Pasek: Yes. You won't see a huge impact to OpEx in the quarter for the hiring, it takes a while to get people onboard. You'll see some increase is baked in there, but most of that's just a function of the linearity throughout the year, linear revenues and the headcount structure. So. 
George Kurian: So, it's a function of several things, that's one. It's also a function of we're doing a little better job on renewals and point of sales. The point of sales rate for services held steady. So, you know, it’s a focus area and has been for a while, we told you that, and we're doing a little better in it. 
George Kurian: With regard to the mix of AFA’s and hybrid, you know if you recall last year we had two elements that drove the AFA business. The first was we had several large global customers that purchased a lot of AFAs, and as we noted on our call, those customers are most impacted by the spending slowdown in the hardware.  The second was that we also had about $90 million of ELAs last year, and a good chunk of that was attributed to all-flash purchases. So those two one-time items, on the compare was what drove the AFA number down substantially more than HFA. I would not say that there was any pattern of customers not choosing AFAs as opposed to HFAs in the broad demand environment. 
George Kurian: I want to call out the good work done by our sales teams on maintaining discipline. I know that, you know there are some people who think that there's a tradeoff between revenue and margin. I think our teams have remained disciplined around the pricing environment. The strong gross margin indicates our competitive differentiation, and we have not walked away from revenue due to concerns about gross margin. We have strategically used gross margin and our business model as an opportunity where we felt like it warranted it. 
George Kurian: It is down a good amount. I think it is primarily due to you know our exposure from being very broadly deployed in big global strategic accounts that did not have as robust a spending pattern this year. The AFA business is the dominant business that we have in the big global customers and they were the most impacted by some of the uncertainty that we saw with regard to macro. 
George Kurian: OEM is a small percentage of the mature category. It’s frankly the smallest percentage of the matured category. We are driving focus on Lenovo and it'll take some time for that business to wrap. Once it ramps, it will stabilize the OEM revenue. 
George Kurian: I couldn't comment yet on the overall Flash market Katy. I think that our view is that as NAND prices remain low, you know Flash is compellingly better technology than disc for a broad range of you know transactional applications and so as a percentage of a mix, it should benefit from the fact that NAND prices are lower.  In terms of the head count that – so we are going to have to wait to see what other people report and sort of an overall market wrap-up to comment about Flash. We think that in our case the concentration of our largest customers, also being our largest Flash customers drove the sort of change in our Flash business.  With regard to the investment we're making in sales and primary demand creation headcount, they are not all discreet quarter bearing headcount; there are some technical sales headcount as well. We are going to do that over 12 months. I think you will see a ramp through that period as we get operationally ready and deploy the sales headcount and so you should quarterize 200 over four quarters and it typically takes us about three to four quarters to get them fully productive after they are onboard. 
George Kurian: With regard to what tradeoffs we're going to make, listen we've done a good job making tradeoffs over the last several years. You can see that in our, you know our operating margins and gross margins and will continue to make the appropriate choice of to prioritize our investments into the biggest opportunities.  We think we have a really good portfolio and we think that based on the results we're seeing with our best team, we can deploy more headcount and capture more of the market footprint and so we're going to stay disciplined around that. 
George Kurian: With regard to our outlook for the rest of the year, you know we are not expecting rapid resolution of either the macro or some of the uncertainty around trade and so we factored in a fairly conservative profile and outlook in the overall picture. Either it’s reflective of typical linearity based on a very slow start in Q1 or you know it includes some of the fact that our second half has an easier compare compared to our first half of this year, and so we are not expecting some miraculous rebound in terms of the macro environment.  I think with regard to ELAs, you know as we said ELAs comprise about 2% of the revenue in the year. We don't break it out on a per quarter basis. You should factor in some sort of run rate for ELAs within our broader guidance. 
George Kurian: With regard to the sales capacity, as I said you know they are not all primary quarter bearing headcount. The majority of the 200 should be quarter bearing headcount, but it’s a combination of frontline quarterbacking headcount, technical resources and management.  We are going to deploy them in a graded fashion over four quarters and you should expect a ramp through those quarters as we get the operational momentum of hiring and all of that in place. It takes three to four quarters as we’ve said consistently for a sales rep to get productive, right and some of these are going to be focused on selling our Private Cloud and Public Cloud portfolios, which have a different business model or profile than a traditional storage system.  With regard to how do we expect to hire 200 people and not impact you know operating expensive, I’ll just say we have north of 10,500 people on the company payroll and so we’ll make the appropriate tradeoffs across our broader employee population as we think about people leave the company and you know the shape of people we hire will ship it towards the sales organization, so that we can you know accelerate the turnaround.
George Kurian: First of all I think we are pleased, with the momentum that we have in the CDS business. We still have the plan to be in the $400 billion to $600 million annual recurring run rate exiting Q4 of fiscal 21, and we are executing to that plan. There's a lot of work that goes into that, but having a leading hyper scalar like Microsoft now generally available is a good benchmark and the next benchmark is to scale them and to get Google Cloud Platform to general availability. So our heads down on executing our game plan.  I think with regard to the base of customer adoption, we feel very good about the early results, right and I think that you should see that ramp through the course of the year.  With regard to cannibalization, I would just tell you that you know the fact that NetApp technology is available in the Microsoft Cloud or the Google Cloud, doesn't necessarily mean that the customer is going to move the NetApp workloads first to the cloud. They have a pattern of workloads they want to move to the cloud, we get to participate in a much broader opportunity, as a result of having our technology now being the enterprise platform for both Microsoft and Google, at the expense of our competition, right. That loses every dollar that moves to the cloud, they're going to get zero. We get to participate in two of the biggest hyper-scalers now capturing those workloads onto our platform. Does it on the margin cause some cannibalization? That's already factored into the on-premise business versus the public cloud business forecasts that people have. We just now get to participate in a much more meaningful way in the public cloud business than anybody else. And in some ways that is also helping us now, with new footprint on-premises as customers and now say,” listen, I discovered NetApp in the public cloud. I want to give them a bigger footprint on-prem.”
George Kurian: You know, I'll tell you what we saw with our AFA business is that customers bought more of the mid-range configurations and you know bought the capacity that they needed for the next year rather than rightsizing the equipment for a three-year outlook, right? And that is, you know what I would do if I were faced with an uncertain budget environment, so we did see that fairly systematically.  I think with regard to AFA versus the overall storage market, I think that the economics of AFAs compared to hybrid continues to grow and get better, right? If you look at NAND prices, they continue to make AFA a much more attractive value proposition than they were in the past, every quarter, and so if I were a customer, I would continue to prioritize AFA for all by transactional applications. The overall landscape for storage is dependent on the macro, and so I don't see the mix changing. I just look at the overall water level being determined by the macro.
George Kurian: Listen, I think that our analysis leads us to draw the same conclusion, which is its two-third macro, one-third, yes we could have executed better. We did see some exposure from our – being concentrated in some of the larger accounts, right, and I think that that's consistent.  I want to just say that our leadership team, we wish all of the members of our leadership team well. We have the need to continue to add capacity. That's the fundamental area of focus for us. We'll continue to inspect our business and we'll provide you updates on our execution improvements over time. I'll just leave it there.
George Kurian: I'll just say I think all of the calculations and factors we considered are you know in the public domain, right, and we use those factors to determine broad-based economic trajectories and then combine that with the judgment and the pipeline data of our sales teams and the historical linearity pattern of our business.
George Kurian: We are not going to break that out. I would just say that the impact of what happened during the quarter was primarily due to the fact that some of our largest global accounts that we have very strategic relationships with, you know did not spend anywhere close to what they spent last year. I'll give you an example. We had two large customers that are exposed to the China tariff situation that have cut their capital spending by north of 30% year-on-year. Clearly we are a part of that spending profile and so I would just say that we have really good relationships with the big set of customers and we are planning to broaden those relationships to another broader set of customers over the course of the next year to 18 months.
George Kurian: I think that you know what we mean when we say it's not a competitive factor is that our win rates in competitive transactions remains the same. Our product gross margins were up 280 basis points year-on-year when you adjust for ELAs, which shows the strength of our differentiation, right?  I think there may be differences in how the results play out for different providers depending on their customer basis. We did see exposure from our biggest customers not buying as much, right? And I think that what we are convinced off is that if we expand our footprint and broaden our customer coverage, given the strength of the performance we've had in the places where we saw you know budget available and our ability to win competitive transactions, we should be able to broaden our book of business and reduce the effects of customer concentration.
George Kurian: I think first of all, what we said was it was reflective of Q1 results, Q1 FY '20 over Q1 FY '19 being down in the high teens, right?  I think with regard to the rest of the year, I'm not going to break out AFA versus HFA. I think that AFA is advantaged on a whole bunch of dimensions and should continue to get a bigger share of the pie of storage relative to HFA than it was in prior years, just because of NAND economics, QLC, all kinds of things.  I think we will continue to use every opportunity we can to drive transitions of disk-based systems and hybrid-based systems to our flash systems. The pace of those upgrades is a combination of, yes, good technology being available, but also budget cycles being available.  And so we're going to lean in on the technology side and give customers every opportunity to upgrade. But we'll have to wait to see how the macro plays out, to see how many of those budget cycles are available.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. I'm disappointed in our weaker than expected top line results, but I remain confident that we have the right strategy and technology to address the key market transition. We have a strong business model, as a result of the hard work we conducted to improve gross margin and cost structure over the last several years.  Our continued strong cash generation is a great example of the underlying health of our business. We will remain fiscally disciplined with our expenditures, while still investing for the long-term health of the business, and we remain committed to our capital allocation policy of returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and a quarterly dividend. The robust fundamentals of our business enable us to navigate the ongoing macroeconomic headwinds and make the strategic moves that position us to return to growth.  I hope to see you at the Investors session of our Annual Insight User Conference on October 29 in Las Vegas. Thank you again. 
A - George Kurian: First of all, we are very pleased with the progress of our product services business. It’s up 189% year-over-year and I think the range of things that we see, the differentiation of our technology, the ability to you know migrate big customer workloads in a really cost effective manner to the public cloud and to be able to display its competitive footprint, they are all showing up.  I think with regard to the plan of what we're executing too, it is to qualify more workload and to get deployed into more data centers, that gives us a broader footprint of opportunity to go after. To train the sales force, both the Microsoft sales force and the NetApp sales force around you know selling these technologies in joint ways and that'll take time you know. These are big teams and it takes us time to get all of them trained. So you should expect a ramp through the course of the year getting stronger each quarter as more people are enabled.  With regard to Google, you know we think that we have as good an opportunity to migrate customer workloads to the Google cloud. Elastifile is not a competitive product to what we have. It's a commodity offering to compete with the low end file storage service; it's not an enterprise grade file storage service, and so we feel that our opportunity is undiminished.  We are in beta and we are focused on the next step, which is to get the general availability. So far what we see is you know similar pattern of customer trials, testing and so on and so we've done operational readiness with one cloud provider, we're going to work on the second and then as we get to GA we’ll give you more details about it. 
A - George Kurian: I think that you know our perspective on the macro is very similar to what is reflected in the public commentary on the markets. We saw weakness in certain parts of Europe where GDP growth is challenged. For example, in Germany a little bit and in the UK where the you know sort of ongoing dialogue on Brexit is causing temporary pauses in spending, and then we saw it in the global customers who we do a lot of business with, right.  I think we did not say that the enterprises that were at the next year down weren't exposed to the macro. It's our exposure to a particular customer is a lot lower when they are smaller and we have a diverse book of business in the smaller and mid-sized customers than in the giant global customers. So I would tell you that what we experienced was the combination of macro and the big relationships that we have with some of these large global accounts. 
A - George Kurian: I think first of all you know with regard to the work that we've done in the field organization, as we have said, we have transformed many, many elements of the field organization, particularly by implementing a coverage model that allows us to prioritize our resources against the biggest accounts and the biggest opportunities.  We started the implementation of coverage against the big global account in a more systematic way two to three years ago, which is what drove the results that we had alongside the big global accounts. We don't cover 100% of the largest 2000 to 3000 accounts in the world and we believe given the results that we’ve had, that we have the opportunity by expanding coverage to a broader set of accounts that we can grow our business.  We have also implemented new selling motions right, like covering certain markets through the channel. You saw us restructuring parts of our European organization, so that we could afford the investments in covering the bigger accounts in the bigger countries by moving some of our countries, approximately 15 of them to be served through the channel. We have constructed a joint venture in China together with Lenovo, so that he could participate in the China market in a more efficient fashion.  So we've done a lot of things to change the structure and the composition of the sales force. We think that by adding you know a combination of resources to go after the market, approximately 8% to 10% increase in coverage, we should be able to continue to grow our business in the top line, which is the fundamental issue we've had.  You know if you look at the rest of the P&L, we've had an exceptionally strong result across gross margin, operating margin and all of the other elements of cash generation, and we think that this is specifically a top line issue. We think that by broadening our coverage and footprint, we should be able to mitigate the impact of the macro on a few large customers that today we are exposed to. 
