George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think we're very, very pleased with the performance of our sales team. We saw exceptional execution across all of the different geographies and all of the different segments of the business. And we are extraordinarily – see very, very good momentum. We have a differentiated product portfolio. We have strength in all of our different channels of distribution. Our Data Fabric strategy is resonating with customers and the sharp focus of our field organization gives us extraordinary confidence in the business looking forward.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We introduced the hyper-converged platform in October just this past month. We are excited at the demand that we've seen for the product. It has exceeded our expectations. We also booked some orders and we're focused on converting the rest of our pipeline this quarter. So we've got really good momentum. It's too early to break it out. And we see a lot of customer interest. We have a differentiated offering, delivering on the promise that hyper-converged gave customers with an enterprise-grade solution.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We continue to see very, very good momentum displacing competition to gain wallet share. One of our competitive programs has seen continued increases in the number of competitive displacements per day. This quarter, we saw more than two competitive displacements per day, which is up substantially from the numbers we reported the last quarter. The majority of our flash footprint is net new wallet share in customers at the expense of legacy frame SAN arrays from our competitors like HP, IBM and EMC. We still see substantial room to run. We are still in the early innings of flash adoption in our customer base. We have an extraordinarily differentiated flash portfolio, as I mentioned in my comments. We have several world-record performance benchmarks, a deeply differentiated software portfolio, and we continue to see strong momentum going forward.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We're not providing guidance for fiscal 2019. As Ron mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are raising the guidance for the second half of the year. So, as we see continued acceleration in the business and, for the full year, as we said, we would guide to mid-single digits, up from low-single digits. I won't break out the hyper-converged. I'll just say it's part of that up-leveling of the number. And we feel very good about the offering we have in the market and the momentum we're seeing.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: That's a 2019 phenomenon. The enterprise Azure NFS service, we are very, very excited at the prospects to expand our reach to new customers in more ways and partnering with one of the world's leading hyperscale cloud service provider. It's in private preview next month and will be generally available for customer adoption next fiscal year. So, this year, we're not counting that in the materiality of our business. We will give you more color in our next Analyst Day in spring. But I do think it will be an additional growth driver for the company. I think the way I look at it we are riding several long-term secular trends: data growth and the criticality of data in a digital business; major technological transitions like solid-state storage, converged infrastructure and the cloud. We have a differentiated strategy for customers, the Data Fabric strategy, which is very, very difficult for people to replicate. As you know, we've been working on this for five years. We also have a vastly differentiated innovation portfolio with many years of differentiated software innovation that positions us to build the Data Fabric and deliver it in compelling products. And our execution has been really strong. So we feel we have a lot of headroom to continue to take the business, and we are going to double down on it. And we see strong momentum heading into the second half of the year.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: We saw good momentum in the public sector market. The book of business, as you know, we have a broad-based book of business because we are the unquestioned market leader in the public sector market. It reflects the spending priorities of the administration. So, defense and intelligence were strong, reflecting the budget allocations that they received. But we were – overall, we feel confident that we gained share. We saw the normal year-end budget flush across all of the different segments in public sector. Our enterprise book of business was also very good. It was very strong across all of the geographies. We saw strength in – particular strength in the Americas and in Asia Pacific, but good balanced book of business across the board.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Yes. We have got NVMe over Fabrics deployed in our EF-Series, EF570 Series product. We have NVMe over InfiniBand in that product for ultra-low-latency use cases especially in financial trading applications or in real-time analysis or fraud detection types of applications. We have NVMe support in our FAS series of products, where the NVMe is used as a low-latency cash. And we see that this is exactly the trend that enables people to get the benefits of shared storage, efficiency, single point of management, consolidation of footprint while getting the benefits of low latency and host connectivity. And so we do see that over time, as NVMe becomes more mature, it will become a big enabler. It will be a good enabler to network storage like you mentioned.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Cisco continues to be a really strong partner of NetApp. Our strength in flash combined with the capabilities of the UCS and intent-based networking from Cisco is driving meaningful growth in the FlexPod business. As you noticed, 20% in the converged infrastructure business is substantially ahead of any other full stack vendor in the market. And so we are gaining share from competitors of both of our companies. Fujitsu and NetApp have had a long-standing relationship of more than 20 years of joint engineering, as well as we have gone to market together in many parts of Europe together. The NFLEX solution with a simple converged infrastructure solution that combines compute from Fujitsu with storage from NetApp and is targeted at the EMEA market. It is for customers who are looking for a simple preconfigured factory-built solution, which is different than what we have with FlexPod, which is much more flexible and customizable. And it's targeting places where Fujitsu has built customer relationships and loyalty. So it expands our reach and it provides us with another opportunity to compete more broadly in parts of the world that we didn't address as successfully before.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: First of all, I think the 7% number is correct. As we mentioned before, we see, in the normal seasonality of the business, the revenue growth rate to accelerate through the second half of the year, and this is consistent despite the fact that we've had a strong first half and it reflects our continued momentum. It reflects the broad book of business that we're seeing, reflective of the mature solutions just posted a 23% year-on-year growth, growth; the strategic solutions just posted 23% year-on-year growth. We continue to see that broad portfolio continuing to see accelerate. Mature is almost flat now year-on-year, just down 3%, so the headwind for mature is going to decline. We continue to see gains in SAN and we have hyper-converged. So we feel very good about our portfolio and our execution in the marketplace. With regard to FX, I'll have Ron comment on that.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: I think, first of all, the 7% number was aggregate revenue, not product revenue. We're not going to break out the guide of product versus services. But the 7% number that you impute is aggregate revenue. So we see continued acceleration of our business through the second half of this year. With regard to our portfolio of innovation, we are winning both on-premises deployments as well as net new customer logos because of our Data Fabric strategy. I think that is aligned with customers' spending priorities and it is the best investment protection argument that any vendor in the marketplace can offer customers, which is, you can start with us on the cloud and move your data on premises. You can start with us on premises and take your data with you seamlessly to wherever you want to go. So, the overall value proposition that we've spent years developing is clearly resonating as customers deploy the hybrid cloud. In addition, our individual solutions that underpin the Data Fabric are also very strong. We've got a compelling offering for SAN. The converged infrastructure portfolio is really strong and expanding with both Fujitsu and the hyper-converged. And our portfolio of hybrid cloud solutions continues to expand with the hyperscalers. So we feel very good about our position in the market and we're going to double down on it.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: It's always competitive, Sherri. I think every transaction is competitive. I think we have a differentiated software portfolio and a long-term strategy, as well as I do want to congratulate our field organization on sales discipline that allows us to apply pricing discipline selectively where we need it, right? But every transaction remains competitive. We have a portfolio of both all-flash and hybrid flash solutions, and one of the things we have noticed is that some customers are choosing hybrid flash since the price increases in solid-state. And so our unique approach where we have a single software architecture that can span both gives us a differentiated competitive position as well. And so we've been using that to be disciplined in the marketplace.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: First of all, thanks for your question. The percentage of our installed base that is on solid-state is just about 10% now. And so we have a long base of footprint to go upgrade. And as you know, with our Clustered operating system, the process to upgrade our installed base to solid-state is pretty seamless. You can move from disk to flash in a seamless mechanism. And so we have a good opportunity ahead of us as flash continues to become more and more affordable relative to disk. With regard to hyper-converged, I think that that's an opportunity for net new customer acquisition, net new workload capture and primarily at the expense of direct-attached storage or alternate storage solution from our competitors, and so we do see hyper-converged being additive to our installed base. We are seeing that today in the use cases for hyper-converged as opposed to converged system like FlexPod, they are different. So we think that that's adding an upside (48:34). We'll tell you more as we get more into the hyper-converged market.
George Kurian - NetApp, Inc.: Thank you everyone, and thank you, Kris. The transformation of NetApp to deliver sustained profitable growth is on track and yielding positive results. Our Data Fabric strategy is clearly resonating with customers. We are out executing and out innovating the competition as we help companies harness the power of the cloud, build next-generation data centers and modernize their existing infrastructure. In the second quarter, we introduced a number of industry-leading innovations that position us for continued growth and expand upon our leadership position. I am more confident than ever in our future and look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah. We do have adequate supply for both SSDs and DRAM, by the way. Definitely more of a headwind on the DRAM pricing, that's definitely something everyone's suffering from right now, but moderated increases on SSDs. I think what we're seeing now is it's widely anticipated sometime in the first half of the next calendar year, we should see supply free up. That slipped a little bit from what we thought before. It looked like beginning of next year it will start to free up, but now it's delayed a little bit. So, at this point, it hasn't really affected either our gross margins or our revenue, and I don't anticipate that it will in the future. As we said in the past, typically, what we've done when we've gotten commodity price increases is pass them on to customers, those increases. And by the same token, when we see those commodities decrease, we pass along the price decrease as well.
Ronald J. Pasek: So, different than last year where we typically were under-spending on OpEx throughout the year. What we're seeing this year is we're overachieving on gross margin. I mentioned that was a focus area of the company. It's an area we've had a lot of effort and work put into. We were particularly focused on product margins and have made pretty good progress, I think we have a ways to go, so that's where that continued leverage would come from. As well, I think what you're seeing is we're holding OpEx largely in line with what we told you. For the year, the only increase we had at beginning of the year was merit increases for employees. At this point, we have a little bit of headwind on OpEx just from FX and variable compensation. But essentially, you have gross margin growing at a higher rate than revenue on a dollar basis, and you have OpEx being held below both of those growth rates. So that's where you're getting the operating leverage.
Ronald J. Pasek: Yeah, Jim. So it is in relation to locking down supply. We do start to agree on price as we get closer to the quarter, but not that far out. It's anything – six months out, we're not agreeing on price. It's just supply. And then we just had some manufacturing variances in the quarter. Some were related to memory, but there were other purchase price variances we saw. That's it. You can't count on those necessarily reoccurring.
Ronald J. Pasek: Okay. So, Katy, I think what I tried to intimate last quarter is inventory was a little bit high. Some of that was due to SSDs. We knew we worked that down, we're doing that. We're back to the levels we were roughly on inventory days and turns where we were roughly eight year ago. So that's more like where we should be. I don't think you can equate any of that to gross margin directly, and so I think they're quite disparate. The DPO is something we worked on and have been working on, actively part of the transformation efforts around working capital management. So, you should see that going forward to continue. The goal is to be roughly zero cash conversion cycle.
Ronald J. Pasek: Amit, FX is actually a little bit of a headwind going into next quarter, a little less than 1 point, so it's not helping at all.
Ronald J. Pasek: So, Andy, great question. I was – we talked about this at Analyst Day. This year that's not the target we're aiming for. When we have our Analyst Day next year we'll give guide – that very well could be part of the discussion. But, at this point, I'm not seeing that this year.
Ronald J. Pasek: I don't typically guide that but – hold on a second. Yeah, we bought back about 3.5 million shares in the quarter.
