Thomas Georgens: So first of all, I'll reiterate that I hope to have just one question each so we get through the entire list today. I think on the question of investing through it, the last time we went through this downturn, we actually did a restructuring. So we clearly actually cut back on expenses for a while. And we used that, frankly, to enable us to re-prioritize and invest in key priorities. So where we are, today, is that we've not done a restructuring as you can see from the numbers. But we are also investing in growth opportunities for us. So in terms of re-prioritizing our existing activities, that is aggressively going on. And in terms of specific near-term growth opportunities, whether it be channel programs or things of that like, we are still funding those. So we aren't in a total clampdown by any means, and certainly we aren't restructuring at this point in time. But clearly, we're trying to arrange our operating expenses towards what we believe is going to generate near-term growth. So there definitely is a re-prioritization going on. So I wouldn't want to give the message that we're purely hunkering down. We're clearly being conservative and we're clearly being careful, but we're trying to find a way to fund the things that are really going to make a difference.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I mean clearly, the OEM mix and obviously the reduced absorption as a result of the lower revenue levels are factors there.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. Not sure what the question was, but I appreciate the feedback, first of all. So I don't want to diminish like that. I think from the point of view, just to bear in mind that the OEM and branded is that both the OEM and the branded have both an E-Series and a traditional FAS component. Part of the rationale of doing it this way is particularly in some OEM accounts like IBM, which are both a FAS OEM and a branded OEM, we're somewhat less concerned about which product moves. Clearly, a year ago, prior to the acquisition, we had a clear preference for one over the other. So in this particular case, we're concerned about the overall health of our partners like IBM, as opposed to any individual product offering. It's probably safe to assume, I'll let Nick chime in on this, is that the SEM and the service component of the OEM business is a much more smaller percentage of the total revenue than it is on the branded side. In fact, overwhelmingly on the product side, it's in those businesses on the OEM front.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think the -- probably the other thing that's a factor here to some degree is I don't believe that drive pricing is completely normalized, and I think that that's reflected in this as well because in some cases, some of the drive pricing increases have not been passed along to customers. And as that sorts itself out, we certainly see drive pricing, at least the drive pricing behavior returning to kind of a more normal state. I think we still expect to see some upside on the gross margin from that perspective. And likewise, mix, basically the dramatic explosion of our low-end business, up 41% year-over-year is also a factor, including a key component of that is actually a product at the very, very low-end. So all of those factors continued, I think there are a number of things that are different. Clearly, pricing in the environment is non-trivial, teasing all of those apart and attributing them on a line item by line item basis is a little bit on the complicated side, but clearly something that we want to watch. But I do see upside capability both on drive pricing and on mix on utilization. And frankly, the impact of new products and the functionality we have on our product gross margin going forward in a favorable direction.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think -- I certainly can't comment on Cisco's behavior relative to Nicira or even the Lenovo deal with EMC. What I do know is that we have a lot of momentum, and I think we've said from the beginning that as far as the partnership is concerned, I think the NetApp-Cisco partnership is one that's probably the most sustainable of them all. I think we are much better aligned from a product direction point of view and our belief of Ethernet base storage. I think we are much better aligned from a go-to-market perspective, and that we are very channel-centric. And I think that there isn't any fundamental strategic overlap or product overlap to create tension. So as a result, I think a lot of those things are working together for us, even independent of any actions by EMC. So clearly, that was one of the bright spots of the quarter. I think there's still a lot upside as we get more and more engagement on a worldwide basis, so we get to see more repeat purchases. So clearly, I think we're very, very pleased with that relationship, and it has a very, very large amount of momentum. I think that really the key message here is that technology is positioned against the server vendors. And the sever vendors value proposition is going to be one of integration, and it isn't to say that integration doesn't add value, but the customers are willing to sacrifice only so much innovation and product functionality in order to achieve that integration. And if we could go with another like-minded best-of-breed player like Cisco and integrate our technologies very, very tightly, then we can go in and basically nullify the integrations story and really talk about best-of-breed and the value that it brings to business. And I think the other key part of this story is really the integration with other partners. We were just awarded Microsoft's Partner -- Cloud Partner of the Year award, bringing Microsoft into FlexPod, likewise SAP and Citrix and Red Hat and really bring broader solutions around this platform. So I think from -- whether it be the partner ecosystem, whether it be the tighter integration and really the compatibility of our business models, clearly this has been a very, very strong story for us all year long and it continues into this quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, the -- obviously the numbers are pretty volatile from quarter-to-quarter. We still came off 3 very, very strong, new customer acquisition quarters to finish last year. We tend to start off slow because a lot of the Q4 activity is really around harvesting deals that we've been working on all year long. But that said, I think the new customer acquisition is what fuels the next generation of growth accounts for where the growth of the business comes from. So what we did see though is actually pretty good numbers on the channel side, And like I said, the Storage 5000 itself specifically, your question, was still very volatile. But the channel side new customer acquisition was still very good. Clearly, we see longer sales cycles. Clearly, other people are reporting that and we still see that as well. And I think that's one of the issues with some of the larger accounts because we're talking about much, much larger transactions and large transactions get a lot of scrutiny. But overall, I think that part of the engine of the business and our channel business, Arrow and Avnet, which are roughly 30% of our overall revenue, up 15% year-over-year. So I think the breadth of our channel and the expansion of our business and frankly, the channel partners that Cisco has helped us cultivate, and that relationship have all been very helpful. But the big enterprise accounts clearly launched transactions, certainly are getting a lot of scrutiny. Certain segments are clearly more problematic than others, but overall, within expectation. I think we certainly knew what to expect going in. We expected some of the large accounts to do very well, and the other ones to struggle, and clearly that's what we saw.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I don't know if I'd overreact to 1 quarter in this environment. So I don't think there's anything fundamentally different going on. I still think that clearly, the drive situation had some impact on that as the year went on, as probably the normal cost curves. Certainly, the cost curves to us were different than in the prior years. And likewise, the cost curves to our customers are different than in prior years. So I think that there is a dynamic there. For NetApp, we saw a big pickup in our units at the low end, which clearly don't have as many disk drives, but they still carry a fair amount of other componentry in there. But the actual capacity numbers are a little bit less. On the other hand, when I look at some of our big consumer customers that consume a lot of product, they had pretty good quarters. So I think for now, I wouldn't read anything into the numbers, anything too much. Certainly, we are not. And we'll see how this goes on. But in a somewhat different environment, both from a cost perspective, from a macro perspective and a product mix perspective, I think we need to be careful of that of overreacting to 1 quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think the broader story around our acquisition strategy about we want to look to things that have got affinity to our core business that we can apply leverage to either something that our channels can sell or by virtue of having them in our portfolio, we can move more of our product. More broadly around, as we look at it, I think that just an ongoing cadence around smaller technology companies that we can tuck into our portfolio to either fill gaps or complete a solution or help us integrate with partners, I think we will continue to do that. And I think I said you'll probably see a little bit increasing rate of that as time goes on just as we get bigger proportional to our size. So I think that will continue. As far as larger transactions, those, I think, will be asynchronous and opportunistic. There's certainly no strategy change, but they will be a function of the fit, obviously, the price, the executability. And I think that those will be kind of opportunistic. If there's one available tomorrow, we'll move. If it's not available tomorrow, we won't. So I think what you'll see is probably more of a regular cadence around smaller technology companies and large deals that remain opportunistic. But the overall story that we talked abut in the last 2 Analyst Days, that we really aren't looking to just add components to the portfolio or even good assets. It really needs to be something that we can add leverage to, that -- something that we understand, we know how to sell and that we can add value and momentum to overall.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think the macro assumptions, as you could well imagine, it's probably hard to find optimism on the macro front. I think just simply put, I think if you look at the macro front, EMEA is still a concern. I don't think it's necessarily deteriorated, but still there's a lot of uncertainty around the range of potential outcomes there. We have -- we're coming into the end of the U.S. fiscal year, and obviously, the election and the fiscal cliff at the end of the calendar year. My gut feeling is that this fiscal cliff will somehow get resolved and we'll work our way through it. I think the trajectory in the U.S. will be somewhat more of the same. And I think probably if there was new news since the last quarter, it's probably somewhat more negative headlines relative to the Asian economies, particularly the export economies. So as we look at it going forward, I don't think we're betting on any type of macro turnaround. I think we're looking at our product portfolio, we're looking at our partnerships, we're looking at our positioning in the field, obviously, the feedback from the field and putting that altogether. So from our perspective, I do believe that it's up from here. We -- and I think that our guidance from Q1 to Q2, admittedly after a reset of guidance for Q1, I think going back to normal seasonality, appears to be what we see.
Thomas Georgens: Well, obviously it's early days; it's 2.5 weeks into this quarter. And I would say to kind of basically break our quarters down onto months is a little bit misleading. So I -- that would apply a bit more science than I think is really appropriate in the data. So I don't see anything dramatic. It wasn't like we blew out the early months and coasted in or the other way around. I would say it was pretty normal. So if the question is do we see a either positive or negative trajectory heading into this quarter, I would say it's probably still substantially unchanged. I would say there was probably nothing notable about our monthly cadence last quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think in the service provider vertical, I think NetApp has been very, very strong. So on that particular one, I wouldn't give any ground. Clearly, I think if you look at 8.1 customers, there are some customers in our traditional spaces where they'll look at 8.1 and they'll see the performance capability and for those that are clamoring for performance, they'll jump on it right away. We have customers that have been in production on this technology for quite a long time, just full production launch clusters. And then I think that there are other people that are looking at this is technology, and they're targeting for specific workloads, and they're doing proof of concepts. So the ones that are going to deploy this technology and a lot of scale that have not used NetApp before will tend to go down the proof of concept route, and we certainly have a lot of that activity that's not yet reflected in the customer adoption numbers. And then there are customers out there that -- some of which are long-term NetApp customers, some of which are not, that are not sold on the clustering technology that made this a standard for all new workloads that they put online. So if I look up and down across the list, this isn't weighted by size of opportunity, but a fair amount of the Cluster-Mode wins that we have are, in fact, brand new customers to NetApp or, at the very least, brand new applications within existing customers to NetApp. So I'd say the ones that are in full production today that adopted the technology on day 1, those are the ones that are familiar with NetApp technology. The other ones are an interesting mix. The other thing that is probably a little bit different about this technology is that we've talked about clustering in the context of NAS for a long time. What this is bringing is clustering technology to SAN. And that has a very, very different technology and, as a result, it's generating a lot of interest. So this business probably has a little bit more activity on the SAN side than the pure NAS side than our core business simply because this is really an innovative technology. And not only is clustering in the SAN world innovative, it's all of the other features of ONTAP throughout the clustering in the SAN world that is innovative. And that's why we spoke at length at Analyst Day about the opportunity to open up a lot of new applications around workloads where we haven't previously considered because now we can marry that rich feature set of ONTAP, which doesn't exist in the SAN world, and we can marry that with clustering to deliver high performance and high availability. And I think that is really the exciting thing about all of this, and clearly we see those. But those types of big bets and big accounts usually start with proof of concepts, and that's what we have underway today.
Thomas Georgens: Likewise the -- obviously, we're operating off a lower COGS number this quarter because of the business level, so that clearly hurts the ratio as well.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think the market will evolve and time will tell how many tools are necessary. But I think as we see it now, we see flash on the host, we see flash on the array, we see flash in the storage containers, we see solid-state disks, and NetApp is going to participate on all of those. If there are other avenues of flash and deployments of flash beyond that, then clearly, we'll participate in those as well. But right now, if you look at our offering, our belief early on was that in the array products that flash deployed with a cache is the most effective way to deploy solid-state technology. And I think that we certainly stand by that today, and if anything, the industry has moved our way. Likewise, there will be flash on the host, and that's really what the Fusion-io discussion is about. And our view is that flash on the host, if it's going to be permanent storage, that's going to look like a disk drive to the application, then that needs to be brought into the broader data management capability. It needs to be backed up. It needs to be replicated. So our view is that flash on the host, that's going to fit this permanent storage type of model where it's going to look like disk drives, we want to do what it's going to take to bring that storage into our data management capability. So the opportunity for us is really around the software. So if we have to make and sell hardware in order to participate in that software opportunity, we will. And that's really what the Fusion-io relationship is about. And that is clearly they've got a strong presence there, it's an opportunity for us to partner, to bundle our software with their hardware to create a solution that enables broader data management as opposed to a one-off solution specifically for any individual host. So our -- we still believe that the opportunity there is really around selling software value-add and being a data management provider in the enterprise, and partnering with hardware vendors to enable us to do that allows us to leverage their presence and their technology and likewise our software differentiation. So you -- obviously, we hinted in the prepared text around some more announcements. So you'll actually see some specifics about that as opposed to a general technology collaboration. You'll see more specifics around that pretty soon.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think it's -- well, it's more a response to opportunity. One of the things that we see in the channel is that the more we invest, the more we expand our coverage. There's opportunity out there. And it's a big, deep market. And so from our perspective, if I look at the work of Arrow and Avnet, which have become a very, very significant part of our business, and now they're still growing 15%, clearly they're -- clearly that market is far from saturated by NetApp. We don't appear to be coming to any limits, so the idea is that incremental investment there still will uncap market opportunity that we don't currently see. So there's pretty much -- I don't want to convey that there's any lack of confidence in our direct selling motion, it's just that in the channel, it's fast, there's a lot of customers, and even if some of them are slowing down, there are other ones that are speeding up. So the ability to basically touch more accounts, touch more opportunities in a leverage model is still a big opportunity for us. And that's just in the U.S. The ability to expand our coverage on a geographical basis outside of the U.S. is still a very, very large opportunity for us as well. We want to do that. Clearly, we need to do it in an effective way. We need to bring on credible partners that are going to invest alongside of us. But I still think that one of the biggest challenges not only for us, but for everybody in this market, is basically coverage and to reach as many customers as we can, that's why we continue to do that. So I don't want to blunt the competitive question. Clearly, in the aftermath of the breakup of the Dell relationship and EMC, clearly we see EMC in the channel, we see Dell in the channel. But we're not trying to invest to overpower those guys. I think our existing partners are doing just fine and we're looking to add more coverage to it.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think I'd go back to Nick's initial response. I think we take a look at the momentum of the business. We take a look at a bottoms-up analysis of the individual accounts. We look at the coverage map, the macro and those types of things. So I think that the competitive dynamic and who we compete against every day is going to stay the same. I don't see any player retreating. I don't see any player advancing. So I think we can assume the competitive dynamics and the product set and the vendor set are substantially the same. I think that part of this is, clearly, we refreshed the entry-level part of our product line. We've got very, very strong alliances now with Microsoft and Cisco and VMware. And I think there's a lot more for us to leverage there. We talked about some of these channel investments to expand our coverage. So I think with the -- assuming no change in the competitive landscape, I think that there's a number of leverageable opportunities. And I think we've advanced our own product set along the way, not to mention the release of 8.1.1, which had some new feature sets as well as clustering. So I think that our competitive position, certainly, is better than it was 3 to 6 months ago. And I also believe that our opportunity to expand our coverage is there as well. And that's what's fueling where we are, plus the pure bottoms-up of an account-by-account analysis, particularly around the major accounts.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think in general, the items coming off the balance sheet are going to come off the balance sheet no matter what. And so, therefore, in order to have made the revenue number then, the performance of the product revenue had to be within our expectations because there really are no other knobs. So I think we ended up, more or less, what we said we were going to do. It's a little mix of the OEM business, which is primarily product revenue that will factor in that will modulate that a little bit. But for the most part, in order to get to the revenue number, then the products have to perform as we expected. As I look at the overall market and what will HP report, and what will Dell will report, and how it will all play out, it's kind of hard to separate their overall storage businesses from the individual lines of business particularly the way they present themselves. But I think it's probably safe to assume that our toughest quarter, Q1 -- I don't know how the rest of the industry is there, and I'm not going to make the claim that they're all going to perform at a growth rate that's less than what we did. The one thing to do, bear in mind is that this is our weakest quarter. Q1 is always our most challenging quarter, both from a market share perspective and from a comparison perspective. Certainly, historically, it's been the most difficult quarter for us to execute on. And the other thing that's probably a little bit different that's somewhat of a mitigating factor for NetApp is the areas where we've been historically strong like our VM business, and like our federal business, we're probably a little bit overexposed to those areas which are weaker then for the other guy. But nonetheless, I think, from a industry comparison perspective, I don't think that -- the numbers are the numbers and I don't think that we're going to claim that we outgrew the market or outgrew any individual products. It's a challenging quarter for us. It's always been in Q1, and we expect it to be up from here.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I don't believe that the lack of write caching, particularly in the NetApp ONTAP architecture, the way we do it, consolidate and coalesce writes, which is different than anybody else, hence the Write Anywhere name, has been a significant barrier to our technology. I just don't. In fact, I can't think of a single situation that I personally have been involved in where that's been an issue. So I don't -- really don't think that that's a factor. I think the broader question of what having storage in the array does is it helps us with predictable performance, particularly in the fail over case because it eliminates some of the rewarming of the caches in case you have to fail over to another controller. So I think there's a number of ways where this helps us have better -- a bit easier to do than on the plug-in cards, and basically that our Flash Cache product. In addition, it allows us to put a lot more solid-state disk into a machine than you can do in the form of a plug-in card. In terms of the overall market and the impact of flash versus solid-state disks, one of the things that we've seen is a very, very small amount of flash can accelerate a very, very large number of solid-state disk, assuming that the algorithms by which the cache is loaded are very, very effective. I talked about we have 17.5 petabytes accelerating and exabyte of hard drives. So I think if the algorithms are effective and you can use the flash to the fullest, then 2 things: You can get rid of enterprise drives once and for all. You can go up to ATA drives on a pure basis. So if you can get your working set actively stored in flash, then if you can do that, then you don't need enterprise drives, you don't need storage sharing, you don't need any of that stuff. You just go to ATA drives on the back end. And then simply put, when you want the data, it needs to be fast, and when you don't want the data, it needs to be cheap. And I think that one of the strengths that NetApp has is the ability to very, very intelligently manage that cache. I think that's why we've been so successful with the Flash Cache product. Now there are some cases where the working sets are too big to put in that, in which case, I see a clear need for the solid-state disk, and likewise, the solid-state disk helps in high-performance high-availability workloads where the solid-state disk could be shared amongst many controllers. So I consider it to be an extension. It's not a departure. It's not a competitor of the Flash Cache. The other thing I should point out is that it's still a cache. And I think that, that is unquestionably the most effective way to deploy semiconductor memory because that way, it's always dynamic, it's always going to store your most active data, and that's the way to get the most price performance out of it. It allows you to best optimize price performance in your overall storage array.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think it is obviously individual stories. But in overall attrition, this quarter, is not substantially different than attrition a year ago. In fact, it's effectively the same for all intents and purposes. So frankly, if you were going to start a storage company, who want would you to attract people from? It would be NetApp. So I think that there -- from some perspective, I think our record and our history, both in terms of the culture that we've developed and the performance of the company, makes us attractive. And people are going to try and draw our people away from NetApp. So I get that, and I'd rather be a net creator of talent and an exporter of talent than the other way around. And, in some cases, I think, that we are a natural target for those companies and with the right incentives and the right opportunity, it makes sense. I think around higher-level people, if that's what you're talking about, I think they all fall into different categories. We've had some people who've been here for a while, that have either retired or pursued CEO opportunities, or things that it's a last chance in their career to pursue, or the time is right in their career. They've done great work for NetApp and we wish them the best of luck in where they go. Other people haven't panned out and we've made changes. And there are other people that were great contributors here that saw an opportunity some place else. So I don't think that anything has really changed. We always regret to see good people leave. But we also appreciate the great work that they've done for us, and we certainly don't stand in the way of great opportunities. There some people that like idea of a startup that joined NetApp a long time ago and want to relive that. So that I'd say that say every case has a story. But in the aggregate, I'd say the current dynamics are not a whole lot different than they've been. So to answer your question, NetApp has been -- is a compelling culture. We spend a lot of time developing our people. So to specifically answer your question, I feel like we certainly have the team to succeed and prosper in this market and continue to outperform.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Why don't I answer the question on gross margin as well. So we expected a range of gross margin for the quarter, Kulbinder, in the 60% to 61% range. And you can see on the results here, we fulfilled that, we came in at 60.3% overall. And if you look at the margins in the different categories of product, SEM and service, they were all pretty consistent with what we expected. So yes, the product gross margin is down from Q4 and that is a mix in volume type of driver that's causing that to happen. But that was in line with the expectations we had for the quarter.
Nicholas R. Noviello: That's right. And I mean the OEM revenue that you can see here is basically flattish, right, from Q4. And we're looking at overall OEM now. So this is inclusive of the traditional N Series as well as the E-Series OEM that we've lapped a year of integration. We talked about breaking this into the 2 pieces. But we'll take your feedback and think about that supplemental commentary for the future. To Tom's point on the SEM and services side, OEM business really has very little of either one of those components.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. So let me just start on that and I'll talk about the future here for a second. So when we look at that 60% to 61% for the second quarter, we're expecting in the range of about a consistency on the SEM side and consistency on the services side. So what that implies is because the mix also changes a bit as we go into second quarter, there'll be some increase on the product gross margin. So that is consistent. That is consistent actually, if you look backwards over a number of quarters, it's also consistent with a bit of a more richly configured mix as we go into second quarter each year. So that's how we think about the go-forward. The year-over-year is obviously impacted by OEM business. It's impacted by mix and really on both the customer side and the product side. Those are some of the main pieces that are going on versus last year.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. Amit, it's Nick. Let me just add a couple of points to that. And we talked last quarter, overall about how do we forecast, and how we bring together this guidance. And it's a combination of a bottom-up look across all the geographies, across our channel business around the world, as well as a top-down look that incorporates things like foreign exchange and the macro. So we look at all of those pieces in bringing that together and that's what we've done here. The normal seasonality is one of the things we look at against that. I think on the macro side, as Tom said, it's pretty consistent there. And then on the FX side, when we look at foreign exchange from quarter-to-quarter, where we had degradation going on between April and the time we gave guidance at the end of May, at this point in time, it's kind of flattish as we look into the second quarter. So built in, again, those elements of the business from the bottom-up, FX and macro, maybe that gives you a little bit of sense of the pieces there that we brought together to come together with this guidance.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, Katy. I mean, there's a variety of things that go on there on the inventory side, including the new products that we introduced, right. That's going to drive some inventory. So really, this is a matter of looking across the components, across the entire spectrum and getting ourselves in position for all of that. I wouldn't go too far into the what will that do on the margin side, et cetera. That will all be built into our guidance. And our expectation is that, that inventory turns number will come up as we go through Q2 for sure and that inventory balance will come down.
Nicholas R. Noviello: The only other thing I'd add to that is when you look at the pathways mix and we talk about the pathways here, these are fulfillment channels. So our direct selling force is involved in many of these transactions that may ultimately get fulfilled through the channel. So that's just something probably to keep in mind with respect to direct versus channel.
