Thomas Georgens: Well, for the most part the constraints are more severe on the midsize product. And actually more particular than that is -- and to put it in perspective, I mean we've introduced products before, but this one actually had 4x the take-up rate of any of our previous products. So clearly, the ramp is pretty steep. And the other thing that's a little bit different about the 3000 family here is they also have this thing called an I/O expansion module, which allows you to put more connectivity in. And the demand for that was much higher than we forecasted as well, and in fact, that ended up being the limiting factor. And probably in retrospect, the lesson learned here is that people were looking to build with the higher performance systems that we introduced, they were looking to build bigger systems. And the other thing is that those slots where the flash cards go in included demand for our flash cards is very, very high. In fact, the attach rate of flash on these class of machines are actually 10 points higher than they were on the previous class. So, overall in terms of constraints, it's primarily in the I/O expansion module, certain semiconductor components along the way. But at the end of the day, demand is really strong, so it's kind of a bright side at the end of this. But nonetheless, it's primarily and then particularly that dimension, I wouldn't call out any individual part, but the simple fact of the matter is we ended up shipping thousands of these units, so we ended up at 4x the demand that we expected. As we go into the next quarter, our guidance currently reflects the fact that we've not resolved these problems yet. We're working on them. We think we have approaches that will resolve them, but it did cause us to take some consideration here with respect to whether or not we get all the parts we want whatever the case. We also can't estimate the mixes correctly. We want to make sure that if there was this huge mix shift, that one way or the other, more modules, for instance, of come on -- OM modules, we can handle that. So the bottom line here is we tended to be a little more conservative with our guidance because we have not solved all of the mix and the material stuff yet.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I guess, first to start before we think about that is as I think about just where we are with our existing business. So if I look at the market share at least the way we calculate it in the markets that we participate in is for all of our growth and for all of our momentum, we're still 15% or so market share. And so I still think there's plenty of opportunity. So in a $15 billion market and if you believe IDC growing at 7% or 8% per year, that's a pretty big opportunity. We're number one or number two in market share and probably four out of the 20 largest deals, including our awareness seems to be better than where it is today. So those will sound like daunting tasks, but what it tells me first and foremost is that A, that there is no limit to our ability to double our business just in the business we're in; and second, the fact that we gained two points of market share as I measured it, just in the last 12 months, tells me that market share is gainable in this segment. So first and foremost, I think our fundamental core business is very, very healthy and our aspiration is double the size of our business right in the space we're in. When I think about acquisitions, there's really two components that I think about. Number one is there needs to be affinity. Affinity meaning something that our salesforce can sell or something that by virtue of having in our portfolio, we can move more of our existing products. I think if there's one thing that this industry has shown is that buying up of dissimilar assets with no leverage and no affinity, don't yield any shareholder value. And I think there's some pretty high profile cases in this market, of very, very good assets that are not great stocks. The other thing that I think is key to our strategy as well is that we don't want a lot of overlap. We don't want to pursue a product that may give us marginal incremental market, but end up has substantial overlap with what we do and we spend the next several years of our core team and this new product basically spending money, replicating each other's features and basically building Noah's Ark to of everything. So at the end of the day, I think the affinity and the lack of overlap are things that are key to us. So certainly, if you think about Data Domain in our past, Data Domain was a backup product. It was targeted at target market. It clearly had affinity and it didn't have overlap. On the other hand, I think there are some other properties that changed hands recently that had tremendous overlap with what we are doing, and therefore, we were not interested. That's how we see it. But right now, I feel no pressure to do applications or acquisitions to generate near-term growth, nor do I believe that we're out of headroom in our current market. But that said, I do believe that there are adjacencies that are very, very attractive that I think are high growth, and I think that will be part of our acquisition strategy going forward. So I expect that we will be acquisitive, but I feel no pressure to do it in the near term. And likewise, certainly don't want to signal any lack of conviction about our core business.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I'm not going to confirm that the six weeks, I think that at some point in time some of the products run allocation and some customers may have gotten delivery in six weeks. Obviously, we're working like mad to try and close this gap. I mean frankly, from my personal perspective, it's disappointing to be having this conversation because other than that, we've put up another very, very solid quarter as a company would have been the top of our range and over the top on EPS. But in general here, I think the question is will the mix shift again and will it shift even more aggressively towards the new products. And I think we're certainly planning as if it is. We've never been a company that optimized ourselves around our inventory position. So I think we’re willing to take material risks to cover uncertainty. But at the end of the day, there's only so much capacity downstream. So my hope and my expectation is that, that we'll get this cleared up this quarter. But at this point, I think that there is still 10 weeks to go or more and things can happen.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think, the 60% number last quarter was an outlier, likewise the 8% this quarter. So what happens is we really track the business based on bookings and we see that everyday and then revenue could either lag by product availability or big shipments or revenue recognition, so a lot of big things move the needle there. So neither the euphoria of the 60%, nor the despair of the 8% I think accurately represent the business. And to answer the direct question, certainly the quarters that we've just been through, I've seen basically no change in the posture of the U.S. Public Sector business. And in fact, I wish all of our businesses were performing as well as that one is.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think as far as 2.5x to 3x, even the guidance still is in that range. And the other thing about the 7.5% is that 7.5% will be an average, but we'll probably never see any 7.5% here. We'll see 3s and 15s as we go forward, so it will be very lumpy. So the way we think about the business in light of the fact that the market, I expect to be lumpy, is we think almost exclusively in terms of market share because market share, a point of share is a point of share whether the market is up or down and we tend to continue to gain share. But if you do the math, a point of market share on the market this size growing at this rate; a point of share alone is roughly 15% growth. And this past year, we gained two points a share. So from that perspective, I think the mathematics of us growing at the rates that you talked about I think are still very, very much achievable. Clearly as we get bigger, it becomes more and more challenging but certainly, I mean we've been big all year. We've still been growing by the last trailing 12 months growth rates, probably in the vicinity of 30%. So the business is robust, it's certainly there. I mean if I look at the geographical landscape, we talked about U.S. Public Sector and there's lots of speculation about what may happen, but there's been lots of speculation and the business is still strong, certainly stronger than anybody else's in the Storage business. When I look at Europe, Southern Europe is still a challenging environment, but that's not really material to our business. In fact, our growth there, I tell the team with no market share, the macro doesn't matter. U.K. is a concern because of the government austerity and I met with the CIOs of a number of agencies of the U.K. Ministry when I was over there just a couple of weeks ago and clearly, they are seeing constraint. But the German economy is remarkably strong and they are remarkably confident. And Asia-Pacific hasn't been historically a strong area for us, but actually we've seen very, very good growth and I'm very pleased with the progress we're making there. And that frankly needs to be a bigger percentage of our business going forward. I mean the U.S. I think I feel better about our execution in that market than I do about the market at large. So all in all, I'd say what's going on would leave me to believe that 7.5% is probably a viable estimate going forward. And I feel good about our competitive position.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think a few things happened because if it gets bigger, I'm not going to alarm anybody and say otherwise, but I could, I suppose. All that's factored into our guidance in terms of what we think the various risk factors are one way or the other. But some parts are fabricated like sheet metal and cables and stuff and some parts are off-the-shelf. So when you consume off-the-shelf and worldwide distribution, then eventually you're exposed to the manufacturers' leadtimes. And likewise, we've been working on this for a while, so some of that lead time has been worked down, but we're still working through the issues. Clearly, when you look at the grand scheme of things, new product introductions are always tricky, but we came out with really not much engineering trauma and these products came out, like I said we built thousands of these, it's not like we can't build them and ship them. We just can't get enough parts to build enough of them. And I think we'll still have on some of the products -- certainly some of the products are back to normal lead times, but some of them aren't and we need to continue to work on that issue.
Thomas Georgens: I clearly want to get this cleared off as this fiscal year ends. I think we have a plan to close it based on various different mix scenarios, but if the mix scenario changes dramatically yet again, there could still be some unknowns. And I wish I knew the answer and in 90 days, we'll all know the answer. But I think at this point, we're looking at the data we have and we're expediting as hard as we can. We're certainly taking a fair amount of material risks or at least near-term inventory risks or similarly burn it off. But I can't tell you with full confidence that we're going to clear this up, but I can tell you with full confidence that we're working on it night and day. And I can tell you that we've made -- the bounce we put around the guidance reflect reasonable assumptions about mix and change, et cetera. So we've tried to reflect everything we know in the guidance.
Thomas Georgens: Well, first of all, I appreciate you calling it our channel. I think, certainly, if I was in their shoes, certainly I would go after our channel partners as a pinch point on NetApp. On the other hand, there's a lot that goes into partner relationships. And I think that we're going to participate in the segments where we currently play and I think we've got very, very strong relationships there. And certainly, I wouldn't seed any ground functionality, but even in addition to the functionality, there is program, there is relationships, there's longevity, there is trust, there's a whole set of factors that go into building channel loyalty. So certainly, I expect EMC to continue to assault us on all fronts like they've been doing for the last year. And I think it's up to us to compete and I think we'll compete based on compatible channel strategies. I think we'll compete based on product features. We'll compete on our ability to make our channel partners more profitable. So yes, I expect nothing less than EMC to come out very aggressively with their new products just like they have with everything else that they've got. But I really don't see anything happening here that's going to fundamentally tilt the balance in this business. If there was one irony in the product releases that there was a heavy dose in the press, I'll talk about EMC closing the gap with NetApp. And on one hand, we can debate the merits of that statement where they're really closing the gap and where there is a whole category of features they haven't even begun to address. But I think the real key component there is that NetApp has become the innovation yardstick by which EMC is measured, and I think at least that part we felt good about.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think for us to be in the data analytics space, I think that's probably in the category of affinity. I'm not quite sure. I think that there are more attractive adjacent markets for us to pursue. And in addition, I think that doesn't mean that there's more TAM elsewhere we're not interested in that. I think partnership opportunities in that space is still very attractive to NetApp. And at this point it's going to be the way we're going to go after that business as opposed to actually being in the analytics business on ourselves.
Thomas Georgens: So we had anticipated our product margins were going to be down. In fact, I think we guided you that way. Remember our second quarter benefited from a timing difference between cost reductions and price reductions. We straightened all that out this quarter. We had rich configuration mix last quarter. We saw that we were back to normal this quarter. So the fact that the product gross margins are down was anticipated. And in fact, I would argue that we're slightly ahead of where we expected to be and that's why our gross margin is a little higher than what we had told you. With respect to the components environment out there, our operations people tell me that it's kind of, generally speaking, there are not a huge amount of supply constraints, but there are key components that are under constraint. And unfortunately, we have a couple of those in our products and when mix is shift in a manner that hits those particular components, it just gets exacerbated at the system level. So at the end of the day, I think that there are some spot shortages out there. They're not widespread across a whole variety of different components, but there are a few that are unfortunately in constraint right now. I think overall in terms of the pricing environment, the key commodities that are interesting to us clearly disk drives. And I think the disk drive supply chain has got multiple suppliers, and they all appear to be relatively healthy in terms of being able to meet our needs. So I think that, that gives us some multiple choice options. Clearly, DRAM and the other one is flash. About a year ago, we made a very, very significant inventory commitment around flash to guarantee supply, which is now completely burned through. We're on advancing when we thought it would be and we're going to move forward with that as well. So all in all, I think the pure commodities are probably -- we probably are seeing some ability to exert a little bit of pricing leverage but not a lot. And the issue that we have with our product is in suddenly some part is in short supply. What really is, is that we suddenly have tremendous demand for a part. And we either need to find them throughout the supply chain or try and convince them to rest on their way from somebody else or in some cases actually have them fabricated by the original manufacturer.
Thomas Georgens: That's hard to tell, particularly with these commodity parts, flash and DRAMs and disk drives, pricing changes on a weekly basis, so we need to stay on top of that. But I would say that our takedowns in those areas have been good, probably a little bit better than we forecasted. But I should also add that some of those commodities are also -- our competitors see that too, so we basically use that to pass that along to our customers.
Thomas Georgens: Well, as far as FlexPod is concerned, it's just as significant relative to the full server vendors as it is specifically around EMC. I think FlexPod and Vblock are basically strategies by EMC and ourselves to really go after the value proposition of what the server vendors offer. So the server vendors offer a stack of proprietary technologies with front-end services and back-end support, and they come as effectively a one-stop shop. So the appeal of that is basically the one point of contact, but the downside of it is that none of the technology is best-in-class or state-of-the-art. So ultimately, what you're getting is you're trading off in favor of integration, but you're trading off best-of-breed, you're trading off the ability to drive lower cost and greater efficiency than your company. So recognizing that there is a power of integration that I think the players in the industry are looking to integrate with other best-of-breed providers to basically create integrated solutions that approximate the integration of those with the server vendors, and then have professional services and common support on the backend. So I think that effectively, this is the way to effectively compete and nullify the one advantage of the server vendors, yet at the same time offer best-of-breed technology. Now as far as EMC, I think clearly we've clearly taken different approaches. I think we really designed for more flexibility as opposed to fixed configurations. I think we're a bit more channel-friendly, and frankly, it's generating a tremendous amount of momentum in the market. I'm sure you guys check and see that, but those are all the engagements between VMware always been strong, the engagements between us and Cisco is accelerating and FlexPod is a culmination of the number of those activities. So all in all, good.
Thomas Georgens: So the Oracle relationship, from a go-to-market perspective as a technology partner and our engagement with customers is probably largely unchanged. Clearly, we're involved in accounts. We do projects together, so I think that continues. One of the things that stood in our way of doing some joint technology development obviously was the lawsuit that they inherited from Sun, and the resolution of that has allowed us to do more collaboration from a technical perspective, while that had been a roadblock there for a few months. So with that out of the way, we can work on more constructive things going forward. As far as Exadata, it's an interesting scenario and that is the idea of a totally integrated stack from software all the way down to storage. In some ways, it is orthogonal to the idea of building a shared virtual infrastructure that can run multiple different types of apps at the same time. And I have a lot of conversations with customers about where do you draw the line, do you basically carve off because there's no doubt that the vast majority of the applications are going to pursue the virtualization path because of the flexibility and the efficiency and the economics involved. And the question is, do they carve off one or two applications that are so important they're going to build a dedicated stack. So I think that Exadata is not a broad market product. It's really tied to the Oracle and it's really tied to only really a certain class of Oracle applications. And where the customers ultimately draw the line, does Exadata support all the Oracle apps in an enterprise or just one or two? I think time will tell. But at the end of the day, I think our strategy with Oracle is to basically engage them around Exadata rather than competing directly with it. Clearly, the space where Exadata is competing today is clearly occupied a lot more by our competitors than it is with us. So I think it gives us more of an opportunity to work collaboratively with them around the rest of the infrastructure rather than just the online transaction processing database or the data warehouse.
Thomas Georgens: There's been no change in our approach to guidance. We give it our best shot with respect to what we think we're going to do. We give you a range and we point you towards the midpoint, and that's the point that we're kind of focused on. If things develop during the quarter that allow us to take it to the high end, we do. If it goes the other way, so be it. But we haven't changed the way we're giving guidance and I think the numbers speak for themselves in terms of the growth rates and particularly, the product in that space, which is the one I would focus on.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think first of all, from a maturity point of view, we certainly have an eight-year head start on them. And then I think more generally, I think the breadth of our software features, the breadth of our integration, the efficiency technology particularly in that segment of the market, the ability to drive economics because most at the very, very low end we talked about people with relatively small IT budgets. So to be tightly integrated with the applications they run, to be able to run it far more efficiently with our deduplication technology and the maturity improvement technology as time goes on, I think the raw factor is that that come into play. The other thing is I think that we've enabled our channel partners with our professional services strategy that our channel partners I think are far more capable of helping small customers adopt and put our technology to use than the generic channel partners. So the professional services strategy of not doing it ourselves in this segment of the market has basically raised the confidence level of our channel partners and I think that's a factor here as well. So I think from an economic perspective, from an ease of use perspective, from an integration perspective and from a risk of deployment perspective, I still think we have a superior offering.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think as far as the high end is concerned, the high-end customers fall into the various different categories. There are some that are on the extreme end of the performance and they're going to basically adopt a new technology as soon as it's available, so clearly there's probably some pent-up demand there. But there are other customers that are running the high-end systems or the large systems in mission-critical applications, and to them, they all go through a phase of certification and testing and performance modeling and all of that. So I would say that there's a general rule that applies to all of the large systems. I think it depends on the customer set that's actually using them. Clearly, one thing that we also see is the connect rate of our flash technology in the high-end systems is extremely high. Not quite in every unit item but very, very high. So I think people are using that technology very, very effectively and I think the high-end systems help us with that as well particularly and also the latest release of the software allows us to use the cash with all of our other features and large drives and things like that. So a lot of the compatibility issues we have with cash are now gone and so it allows the deployment a little bit more broadly. So I'd say that that's really what's driving it there. Like I said, people buy large systems for high performance, they buy them for high capacity and they also buy them for large-scale mission-critical applications and all three of them have a different adoptions schedule.
Thomas Georgens: And some of our software is capacity-based in terms of its pricing so to the extent that we sell larger capacities from a software perspective, that's still going to scale largely linearly. And that too varies if you're talking about the high-end products. Some of the high-end products that are extremely capacity intensive tend not to have the rich software set, but certainly the ones that are in the mission-critical data processing or transaction processing environments, they tend to be very, very software heavy.
Thomas Georgens: If I look at the numbers I think it's 2/10 versus 6/10, so I don't think it's that much different. And as Steve indicated, I think that pressure in the fourth quarter is clearly, it's obviously peak commission time. And obviously, the amount of whining and crying on our shoes that we get about doing discounts around specific accounts because particularly acute this time of the year as you can well imagine.
Steve Gomo: Yes, the guidance at the midpoint, we expect to be at about 18.2% and if you -- as you go to the extremes of the ranges we gave you, you're going to have a range around operating margin as well. No secrets here. We showed you that gross margin is anticipated to come down slightly from the 65.5% level we just reported in Q3. And OpEx is up a little bit in the fourth quarter as is typical on our fourth quarters and we're reflecting that as well.
Steve Gomo: I wouldn't say there was anything special in that category, well if I can find the exact numbers, but I wouldn't say that there was anything notable either competitive or otherwise. The business was up double digits and the units were up more than that. So I still consider that to be an important part of our business. I know in midsize enterprise, I believe we've added over 1,500 new accounts this year and a lot of it is driven in that segment. Our Arrow and Avnet business, which moves a lot of that product has been very, very strong. And the other big mover of the entry-level products is actually Public Sector. And while the Public Sector business shipments don't look that impressive, that business is actually quite healthy for us. And I think that we also refreshed the midrange business as well and may have drawn a little bit of demand particularly from the larger of the smaller machines into a more modern unit. So that probably had some impact on the number as well. But fundamentally, I don't see any change in dynamics there that I have any concern about.
Steve Gomo: I mean I think it's pointless for us to gain the system. If we basically gave you guidance that we intend to come in over the top off, then effectively you'd ignore the guidance that we're giving. So there's no gaming that's going on. We're giving guidance and that is the guidance and there's no winks and nods here. We're giving a range and this is where we think we're going to be given everything we know.
Steve Gomo: Sure. At the operating margin level, the channel mix almost has absolutely no effect. It can almost swing 100% one way or the other and you're going to get the same operating margin. This just reflects the fact that we expect to see some abatement in the level of gross margin which would be typical in our fourth quarter, most of that would be in the product margin area. And then typically, we tend to invest for next year. We're putting resources in place in both the field and engineering as we get ready to wrap up for next year, and those are the kind of investments that create the growth that we're seeing. So there's nothing more to it than that.
Steve Gomo: If you look at long term, we're not anticipating any major shift in the mix of cost of goods sold or in the mix of gross margin because of some of these new technologies that we're adding. We'll be pricing accordingly and we'll be pricing to be remaining competitive in the marketplace. So I think that our goal is to try and keep the product margins at or around 60%. And I've always said, give us a point or so for normal fluctuations, but that's pretty much where we're going to be. I think these new features allow us to grow fastest as much as they do give us some competitive margins.
Steve Gomo: Nothing at this point, Keith. We talked about the new accounting convention that we're going to be adopting. That could have a minor influence but very minor. I'm not anticipating anything major long term that I think will adjust our business model accordingly.
Steve Gomo: From a geo perspective, just looking at the mix, probably a little bit more strength in financial services, which probably should be good news for all you guys, but other than that mostly the other ones stayed relatively constant. As far as who got shipped a lot, that's a function of a lot of things. We've got revenue recognition relative to other items that are on the PO and what gets deferred and what doesn't get deferred or what other pieces were short. Obviously, some customers in terms of their size and their history and the urgency is a factor as well. So I would say that there is probably no overt geo color, but if you look at the growth rates of the geos, clearly the shipments were not evenly distributed. And we talked about USPS being at 8% and that being grossly understated relative to their business. To be fair and honest, the EMEA number at 35% is probably overstating the activity level there and I'm sure how these got prioritized probably had some impact on those numbers as well.
Steve Gomo: Sure. Kaushik, even if you look back to last year, our product margins actually declined slightly from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We're not projecting a particularly significant decline. It's on the order of a half a percentage point, probably within our ability to call. But we're expecting that we will see the normal aggressive sales behavior that we do. There will probably be some extra discounting that we typically see in the fourth quarter. Nothing unusual and nothing is going to have a significant impact on the product gross margins.
Steve Gomo: Yes, I think it's going to be on the order of the same type of percent of revenue that we just saw. Some of it is going to depend on that DSO number, maybe coming down a little bit from where it was in the third quarter. If that were to happen, you'll see a number that's a little bit north of the 23% we just posted. But I think modeling in the 23, 24 type of percent ranges is probably reasonable for the fourth quarter.
