George Kurian: I think we expect to see the continuation of some of the trends that we saw in Q2, which is the consumption oriented cloud offerings in our portfolio, which are cloud storage services were most impacted by customers wanting to reduce their spending. It could involve either them reducing the amount of capacity they use on our offerings or us proactively helping them migrate some of their workloads from a high-performance tier to a more cost-effective tier, so that they will continue to see value and benefit with us. That's one. Second, we saw in Q2 some project-based workloads, for example, large-scale semiconductor design that came to its natural conclusion. We anticipate some of those workloads coming back in the early part of next calendar year, but we are being cautious about that. And then finally, with our Cloud Insights product, we have continued to work to sharpen the focus on the use case of the products. We saw some early success in terms of new customer wins -- new to Cloud Insights customer wins. But we're being cautious about the future growth rate of that product until we see further evidence of success. So I think those were the three. I did not see anything materially different between the different cloud providers. Clearly, our relationship with Microsoft is the largest of the three, given that we've worked with them for the longest, and so they saw the biggest impact this quarter.
George Kurian: I think it got progressively worse through the quarter. I think you see us being appropriately cautious in our guide as a result as well. I think that the rate increases getting compounded at a very fast clip certainly impacted customers' business confidence, and that got the range of customers that were affected with their business confidence grew through the quarter and the depth of the impact on spending grew. I don't think we saw any particularly meaningful shifts between product mix in the quarter. Hybrid flash has performed well for a few quarters now and all-flash has been -- as a percentage of our total mix has been more steady than as a growing percentage of our mix. So, I think -- I don't think that our view of the product portfolio affected as much as the view of the total business opportunity available in customers. I'll let Mike add any color.
George Kurian: We don't have any specific vertical that is a material contribution to our revenue. Let me start there. I think the -- what we saw through the quarter was, public sector did well, both in the Americas and internationally. I thought that our European team performed exceptionally well to deliver a strong result in the face of increasing headwinds. And in our outlook for the international markets, we are appropriately cautious about Germany, where our team did phenomenally well in Q2, but there's just growing pressure economically. I think with regard to the North American market, the midsized enterprise segment team did a good job. We saw good results there. We're cautious about the potential in that segment, given their historic vulnerability to recession and macro exposure, but our team did well in Q2. I think the larger enterprise in those specific verticals were the ones where we saw the most substantive change in spending, and we expect them to be cautious go forward. Last year, from a year-on-year compare, last year public -- the high tech and service provider and the large enterprise segment did well for us. So this is a year-on-year compare, as well that we are working through.
George Kurian: I think where we are focused on at the moment with our cloud business is to make sure that we are a good partner to our customers so that we can optimize their spend where they need help doing that. We are going to be continuing to accelerate our focus on selling more of our cloud products to our installed base where today it's about 15% of our Hybrid Cloud customers have our cloud products. And we have grown the number of cloud customers and the number of them that are buying more than one cloud service. So there's lots of opportunity ahead. We're focused on blocking and tackling and executing on the opportunities in front of us.
George Kurian: I think with regard to what we saw in the quarter was really we have unique cloud services, which are native, first party cloud services. Those are consumption offerings that we give customers. They were the ones most impacted. None of our competitors have native first-party consumption cloud services. They offer it through the marketplace. The marketplace business for us stayed relatively consistent. And so that is what you would expect. The subscription business is less susceptible to near-term changes in usage than the consumption business. And so the benefits of consumption being you can turn it on and off also shows up when customers want to optimize spend. We want to be a good partner to the customers that want to do that. And so we are working with our hyperscaler partners to give them access to more options to be more cost effective with their spend. Spot, which is the compute optimization platform actually did well in the quarter. So while the storage consumption was impacted by spend, as I noted in my remarks, Spot was a -- which is a vehicle to optimize computing spend did very well in the quarter. And so we continue to help our customers through that journey. With regard to growth opportunities, listen, as I said, we felt very good about the number of customer adds. We felt very good about the amount of cross-selling we are starting to see dollar-based net retention rate has been strong, and so several good things in our cloud business.
George Kurian: Listen, I think we have seen in the past projects get concluded in a quarter and other projects get started up within the same quarter or by other customers within the quarter. This time, we saw some particularly large projects that concluded in the quarter where the start of the next project is beyond the finish of the quarter and further out than we would like. So, I think that was the nature of what happened in the quarter. I think the -- would honestly want to get better visibility. We are working on that. I think this is when we have another partner selling the service to the end customer. Our sales teams are working to get better visibility into the end customers kind of priorities and spending time lines. So that's on us. We can do better on that, and I promise that.
George Kurian: I think we are closely engaged with a large number of the enterprise customers through our direct sales force in the midsized enterprise market, as you know, we go to market with the channel providers. In terms of the customer behavior we saw in the quarter, it is very reflective of a typical macro cycle, more approvals for deals, smaller deal sizes, projects being broken up into phases rather than one large purchase and some deals moving out of the quarter. That did not mean that other customers did not start projects with us and move them forward. We know that those projects are -- that we did not lose share to somebody else because we are in ongoing dialogue around the other phases of the projects that are yet to come online.
George Kurian: Yes. Listen, Meta, we're not going to break out specific verticals. I would just say that we saw a broad-based -- hi-tech is quite a broad segment, and we saw a fairly conservative posture across that segment. Service provider could -- is also broadly defined. It could be telco. It could be hosting provider. It could be some form of cloud providers. So, these are broader categories than a very specific definition. And we saw a fairly conservative postures across most of those customers.
George Kurian: We did not see any order cancellations or any of those things. As we have mentioned repeatedly, we have good line of sight into our customer’s spending priorities and behaviors and are directly engaged with the largest of them. I think as we saw in this quarter, and we continue to be cautious about looking at the second half of the year. These are clearly related to IT budget revisions, right, where they are reducing deal sizes or scrutinizing projects and things, we'll defer a portion of that project to a subsequent quarter or a subsequent part of the calendar year. So we have good visibility into the activities in our customers, and we did not see cancellations of orders because of prior orders or double ordering.
George Kurian: Typically, during macro situations like these, we have seen customers sweat their assets. And so what we mean by that is they will drive a system to a higher level of utilization and so that they can defer either capacity augmentation or system upgrades for a period of time. Now that's not forever, right? Storage is consumed because data keeps growing. And so there's always that trade-off. We certainly see some of that behavior going on. Jim, I think, certainly in our service provider segment, we see that. And in some of the hi-tech verticals, we saw that as well.
George Kurian: Listen, we have a good portfolio of technologies already. And what we are really focused on is sharpening the use cases that are best suited to the current macro environment and making those use cases easy for the customers to adopt, expand and renew, right? And that operational focus is our highest priority. There are some -- there's work to be done to integrate the CloudCheckr capabilities into the Spot suite so that it becomes one broader offering rather than two parallel offerings. We have made good progress along the way, but there's more work to be done. In Instaclustr, there are two unique value adds that we bring. One is the integration of our cloud storage services and Spot services into Instaclustr. And the second is the fact that it is a truly open-source data services platform. We have the first of those two being worked. And so we feel like there's a lot of value we already have in our portfolio. There's work to be completed, and we want to keep our teams focused on that work on the technology side. On the go-to-market side, we also have more broad enablement and training for our sales teams to be able to position Spot and Instaclustr and CloudCheckr into the account. So we feel good about the work we're doing. We got to finish it before we look at other things.
George Kurian: Dollar-based net revenue retention was 150 last quarter, and it's now 140. So, step down as the base of customers expand, and we did see some churn in our consumption business, as we noted on our call, so we don't see that as materially different than what we would expect.
George Kurian: The PCS gross margin came down because of the revenue scale relative to the infrastructure that we have deployed. Note that the consumption business, some elements of those are based on our deployed systems, right, in the cloud provider environments. And when they have less scale, you see less utilization, you see less gross margin.
George Kurian: I think with regard to 2023, we're being cautious we aren’t guiding next fiscal year, but we are being cautious about the start to calendar year 2023. We have seen typically in these macro situations that new budget outlays to start a calendar year probably take longer than typical. So, we've been cautious about the start of the new calendar year. With regard to the storage market overall, I think it's going to be paced by new workload deployments. I think there will be customers that will be forced to upgrade systems because their existing systems are coming to either end of useful life or end of they're just out of capacity or performance. But I think the majority will prioritize new workload deployments and/or system consolidation for cost and energy benefit use cases. We continue to see -- while the cloud migrations are slowing down a bit, we continue to see that as a long-term trend that customers are going to take on for a whole bunch of reasons. And so I think cloud will outpace on-prem in the broader market. And in the on-prem world, we see NAND helping flash be a bigger part of the mix going forward. Our capacity flash products had a good quarter, our hybrid flash products had a good quarter, they are typical about where customers are cost conscious.
George Kurian: Customers' budget in dollars, the current macro environment has been spending less dollars, but they'll probably shift the mix to AFAs, if there's more value in the offering, right? So we see them budget in dollars, Wamsi.
George Kurian: I think overall, year-on-year, I think '23, we expect to be moderated and down relative to '22, certainly at the start of the year. '22 had a good start to the year. And so our start of the new calendar year, which is baked into our outlook for the second half of fiscal year, we think people are going to be more cautious overall, Wamsi.
George Kurian: It's early, but good traction. We are focused with a few channel partners who are enabled on selling Keystone. We've had good customer wins, good momentum in terms of our offerings. We brought new innovation to market in the last quarter, both a unified control plane so that you can use either a Keystone-based consumption offering in your environment or our public cloud offerings, and you can move workloads and licenses across those. So a good amount of innovation. And you're correct, we'll continue to see opportunities to help customers around whatever their kind of buying model is in this environment.
George Kurian: I think -- thank you for the question. We didn't see customer’s sort of reevaluating technical decisions about what type of infrastructure to buy. I think that allowed the technical team to choose what was the most value, and they make decisions based on the relative cost effectiveness of disk versus flash. I think what we saw was an approval level going up for the same deal what would have been approved by a director, now got taken up to VP what was approved by VP, probably goes up to a CTO. That is what elongated deal cycles in the quarter and/or people shrinking how much they wanted to buy at one time and phasing projects into multiple phases.
George Kurian: While there are near-term economic challenges for every company, we know that our opportunity ahead is substantial, durable and growing. The fundamentals of our business are strong and the value we bring customers is undeniable. Our strategic growth opportunities all-flash arrays, cloud storage and cloud infrastructure optimization are tightly aligned to customers' top priority and represent the potential for long-term sustained and profitable growth. We will continue to be disciplined stewards of the business, focusing on our strategic growth opportunities while continually optimizing our operating costs to drive shareholder value. Thank you.
A – George Kurian: We don't -- we didn't guide anything specific in terms of all-flash array revenue. We have guided at the total company level. We're being cautious about our outlook given what we saw in the quarter and the continued macroeconomic environment. We are not guiding any specific product category maybe.
A – George Kurian: I think with our cloud outlook, we've been cautious to address three topics, right? One is consumption services on the cloud are being impacted by customers reducing spend either by optimizing the performance level that they use or the total capacity they use in our cloud storage services. That will happen for a period of time and then we will see build back. We don't see that yet in the outlook. I think with regard to project-based workloads, listen, there are lots of different customers with different projects. I think in this case; we saw a few large projects come off our environment. And we've been cautious about how many of those come back in terms of our outlook. It will take time for them to come back as new projects and new chip designs. We are the only option in the public cloud for semiconductor chip design technologies to be verified as a cloud service. So, we expect, over time, more and more customers will use our cloud services but that will take time. And then I think in our CloudOps portfolio, as I said, we are pleased with the work that we've done so far. There's still more work to be done. And so we're being appropriately cautious about how fast that product portfolio, especially Cloud Insights grows in the second half of this year.
A – George Kurian: Listen, we had a good quarter in terms of new customer additions. We have two major vehicles for new customer additions. The first being the native cloud services that we help our cloud provider partners, Amazon, Microsoft and Google sell for us. Those continue to be good vehicles for new customer additions. And then Spark has continued to be a strong vehicle for new customer additions. So I feel good about the pace of net new customers.
Mike Berry: Yes. Thanks, George. So David. Per George's comments, when we saw linearity in the quarter, month one was relatively consistent with what we've seen in, I'll call it, non-Q4 quarters. What we really saw was month two push into month three. And typically, we will see, call it, mid 40% of transactions and invoices in month three. That pushed to almost 60% this quarter. So, what you saw was in the second month of the quarter really started to push into the third month. And that's what we saw that really back-end linearity that I spoke about in my prepared remarks.
Mike Berry: Yes. Sure, David, happy to. So, the significant foreign currencies we have like most international companies, it's euro, GBP, yen and Aussie dollar. And what we saw, again, across most of those is August and September was when the dollar was the strongest. So, that's when the most significant impact hit. That stayed largely through October. Now, what we saw after our quarter ended, is, hey, it got a little bit better in November, the dollar weakened a little bit. Yes, we'll see if that holds. Everything we've put in front of you, we have used FX rates as of the end of October. So, it says a little bit better, that will be good. But making our living betting on FX rates, we're not going to try that. So we use October rates for the rest of the year.
Mike Berry: Hey Angela, it's Mike. So, as we both talked about, look, we still feel really good about the cloud business, both Cloud Storage and CloudOps. We have some things to work through this year. So even though Q2 was not where we would like, we still feel really good about the future. We will update our views of fiscal 2024 and the $2 billion when we give you guidance for next year. So we'll ask you to wait until we update our fiscal 2024 numbers in a couple of quarters.
Mike Berry: So on the ARR point, so there's been a couple of questions about the $800 million down to the $700 million. So when we looked at that, originally, when we had given the $800 million, we expect it to be, call it, somewhere around $650 million as of the end of Q2. Taking a look at the second half now, we expect to grow about $100 million. That's all organic because we don't have any acquisitions baked in. And we expect that to continue to grow across cloud storage, specifically ANF, FSx and GCP, we all expect to see some good growth. We have tried to be conservative or cautious, I will say, around the consumption business because we do expect that to come back in the second half. We're just not really sure if it's going to be Q3 or Q4. So we feel really good about the $700 million, still a significant growth in that business. But stepping it down a little bit based on the Q2 results and also take a step back a little bit on Cloud Insights. So that's the -- I'll call it, Krish, the product view of the rest of the year.
Mike Berry: Amy [ph], it's Mike. On your second question, so two data points for you. Cloud storage continues to be almost exactly 60% of the total and that includes, as of the end of Q2, Instaclustr and CloudCheckr which are in CloudOps. So there you see the great growth we've seen in cloud storage because overall, as a total number has stayed right around 60%. The other important number is we've talked about consumption versus subscription. As of the end of Q2, it's pretty close to 50-50, a little bit a couple of percentage points higher for consumption. We do expect by the end of the year with that $700 million for that to get much closer to 60%, because that's where we expect the growth across ANF, GCP and FSx, those products as well. So those are the two data points we gave you that break down that cloud ARR number.
Mike Berry: Sure, Ananda. Happy to. So that was in reference to on the Q1 call, we had given -- this is directly related to EPS. We've given $5.50 as the midpoint. Since that time, because of the continued strengthening of the dollar and the weakening of the FX situation, the $5.40 is actually above what that number would have been on an FX-adjusted basis, that's about $5.37. The point there being, hey, we're seeing even in the second half with the lower outlook around revenue, we're doing all we can around costs and other efficiencies to ensure that we continue to still drive that EPS number consistent with the number we gave you last time on the call.
Mike Berry: Sure. So I've been trained and I only talk about fiscal year, calendar years. So this was second half fiscal, and that was directly related to the cloud ARR growth. So we finished at $603 million. We've guided end of year to $700 million. We are not going to guide Q3. We feel good about the second half because again, these are some of those -- these large project-based as well as consumption. When does that flow in? Is it in our fiscal Q3 or Q4? We feel confident about the second half. There's a little bit of nuance around whether it's three or four, hence, we're only doing the end of the year.
Mike Berry: Well, keep in mind, Ananda, all this is related to the cloud ARR. This is not the Hybrid Cloud. And this is more of just us talking about when we expect it to come back in the second half. And again, because of the large project base, that's really the nuance on this more than anything versus us calling, hey, we expect to see things pick up after April.
Mike Berry: And to George's point, Nehal, we've been calling that for several quarters, which is add that ARR number gets bigger, that dollar-based net retention percentage will come down. We like to call it the 120, 130, where we think it will land, but we have been calling that percentage to continue to decline as that number increases.
Mike Berry: It came down from 69.7% to 68.3%, so down slightly. And to George's point, that's largely due to scale. We continue to feel good, as I mentioned in my notes about the 75% to 80% as we drive that scale.
A – Mike Berry: Hey, Sidney, it's Mike. So let me do the first one. So great question. So we finished Q1 at $584 million in ARR. If you simply take -- divide that by four, you get about $146 million that you'd expect to recognize in revenue. The revenue recognized in the quarter was $142 million. And the nuance here is that typically, you can make -- you can do that calculation, it's going to flow very nicely because of the things that we talked about in terms of some of the consumption being reduced during the quarter, some of the project-based initiatives, especially the larger chip design wins. Those happened during the quarter. Thus, we did lose some revenue that was in the ARR as of the beginning of the quarter. So that's the nuance. We don't expect to see that happen in the future. It's a great question, but it was largely due to that. The third part is the back-ended linearity on some of the subscription business that follows the NetApp, I'll call it, core business as well. So it's really those three things attributed to that revenue coming in lower than simply taking the ARR divided by four.
A – Mike Berry: Perfect. Thank you. So there's several that I think you're going to see flow through the P&L. I'm going to start all the way at the top, which is we do expect to finally see some relief from our significant expenditures related to premiums. The supply chain is getting a little bit better. It gets better every day. So that's going to help the second half. In addition, NAND pricing will help us as well. Now we do have a little bit of inventory to work through. And you'll see that still in Q3, but we expect by Q4, you'll see that as well. On the OpEx side, we're -- George talked about and we've already done a headcount freeze. We're taking a look at all discretionary spending, including travel, programs, outside services, just like everybody else who has embraced the hybrid work environment. We'll take a hard look at our facilities costs as well. So we've already started down the path on several of those as I talked about, hey, we'll continue to look at those as we go into the second half. So there's numerous areas for us to focus on. In addition, keep in mind, too, that in OpEx, there's a good bit of that cost structure related to incentive comp and commissions. And certainly, those will come down in the second half as well.
A – Mike Berry: So for the second half, Nehal, that is mostly related to product revenue, which would be largely booked and recognized in the quarter. So it's -- there's -- backlog is largely at the normal rates, the seasonal normal rates that we would expect. So that is going to be systems in the second half, I think, is the third part of your question.
