Thomas Georgens: Well, certainly the momentum of the 2000 has been very, very strong, and you can see the Arrow and Avnet performance. On the other hand, the 6000 was spectacularly strong, and basically units in that space have doubled year-over-year. So I don't know if I would separate those 2. Just as I look about the guidance, I think a couple of things that are in play. Clearly, Q1 is our most challenging quarter. And if you look over the last decade, not just the last couple of years, it's always been a situation we've had some shortfalls. If you look at the normal seasonality of NetApp, typically you'll see, particularly in this growth range, probably a negative 10% Q4 to Q1 transition. That's roughly what we saw coming into this year. We got the bellwethers out there, people with broader coverage than we do, talking -- basically taking their guidance down by another 2% to 5%. NetApp is probably a little bit more overweighted from an EMEA and the U.S. Public Sector point of view. You throw in FX on top of that, on and on and on. But I think if you just add those factors together, it's pretty easy to come to a 15% reversal from Q4. So maybe the market is different, and maybe we're being too pessimistic on the macro. But I don't think anybody knows what the future holds. But given that it's our Q1, which is always a challenge, I think we want to be careful. But one thing we do know is the quarter we just put up and where we came ahead of the guidance, we came in over the top of the range on EPS and I think we had momentum at the very, very low end and also at the high end. So while we're a little cautious about the future, I think the one thing we do know is the number we just produced, and I think we're pretty strong this quarter across the board.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think -- I know on gross margin, any reversal on the revenue has a big impact on the EPS in both directions. So if you just look at the quarter we just produced, we saw solid operating margin. We saw increased gross margins. I think with the drive situation, there's opportunity for increased margins going forward, so that part we are forecasting. But the big lever for us is going to be the top line number. I think we're clearly -- we're prudent this quarter in terms of headcount. I think we're going to watch expenses very closely as the year goes on. So I don't think we'll be very aggressive on that front. But that said, if the revenue stays depressed, it will be hard to get the numbers back. But on the other hand, if the revenue does rebound, I think the business model is still absolutely intact. And I think there is opportunity for tremendous amounts of expansion of EPS. It's all going to hinge on the top line, and that's going to hinge on the macro, and that's why we're going to stay away from full year guidance at this time.
Thomas Georgens: I think it depends on -- it certainly depends on the mix of storage. It depends on the mix of a number of things. I think one of the things that's a little bit different where we said this year than last year is APAC has been -- had a big year for us, up 50%. America had a big year for us, up 30%. But I think we also have a counterbalance there of U.S. Public Sector and EMEA. And I think how that balance plays out over time, are those sectors going to pull down the U.S.? Will Asia slow? That will lead us in one direction. Or will they rebound? And time will tell. So I think for us, when there's this type of uncertainty, our focus is on market share. 19% product growth, I think, clearly, is an industry-leading number. And I think that will be our focus going forward. So I admit it will be tough to model, that's why we're not giving full year guidance, but I do see gross margin expansion, and I think the bottom line will be purely a function of how the top line performs over the course of the next 9 months.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. So I think there's a few questions. I'm not quite sure I understand the configured or nonconfigured, so maybe I'll let Nick answer that. But let me take the 8.1 question. As we think about -- we think about Isilon, but I think the broader thing to understand about 8.x or where that's heading is when I say there's a combination of Data ONTAP, which is the world's richest data management suite and on its own is the #1 market share in -- as any individual operating system. So taking that functionality and marrying it with the capability of clustering, and from that point of view, it allows us to take that data management capability and add, effectively, what clustering can bring, which is really unlimited scale, unlimited performance and nondisruptive operation, and that's really the vision of ONTAP -- of ONTAP 8. So while certainly, scale-out NAS and the Isilon is clearly a place where that technology can play, I think just as relevant as the evolution of that data -- of that technology is basically to go deeper into the data center and basically marry this data management capability with scale and open up a much, much broader set of applications to us. So data ONTAP 8.1 is not necessarily a head on head with Isilon. It's in fact the way we're going to attack business apps and the data center to fundamentally change the way data is being done. So when I look at where 8.1 is going, certainly we see deployment. We have Isilon and some of the other scale-out products. But still the predominant use of 8.1 is actually business applications deep in the data center at larger and larger scale. And I'd say that the 8.1 adoption kind of falls into a few categories right now. There are some that just want the latest functionality right away to build very, very large clusters right out of the chute. There are others that are evaluating it and trying to understand a little bit more. But the other ones understand that what this really is, is an infrastructure decision. It's basically an infrastructure choice that they're going to make about how they're going to deploy storage in the future regardless of the applications they run. So the customers that are actually making that decision is really where the future momentum is just going to come from, and that is they're going to standardize on this to run their business applications, to run their scale-out NAS, to run their big data deployments all around a single architecture. So when I think about 8.1, I don't think about it at all in on the Isilon range. I mean, certainly we compete there with it, and that will be the case. But the bulk of our engagement with EMC is around their traditional offerings and their core product offerings in the data center, and that's where I expect this technology to have its greatest root.
Thomas Georgens: I don't think I alluded to a next-gen operating system. I think I alluded to more functionality coming from 8.1, but they're -- I certainly didn't allude to any 8, 9. something or anything along those lines.
Thomas Georgens: I think on the broader question of configured-nonconfigured, I don't know if that's getting into are we upgrading systems or selling new ones. All I can say is the unit count numbers were up big this quarter, both on the 2000 and the 6000. So clearly, we're landing new footprints.
Thomas Georgens: So I'm not quite sure where you come -- I'm not quite sure of the comparable numbers. But if I just look at the storage industry, you've had -- Dell just reported 2 consecutive quarters of negative growth, you've had IBM report 2 consecutive quarters of negative growth. And I don't know what HP reported today, but their prior quarter was negative growth. And on a product growth perspective, you have EMC report 4 consecutive quarters of declining product -- year-over-year product growth, and it was 3% this past quarter. So we were 19% -- I'm sorry, we were above that. Obviously, I would say on the product growth, we're 19%. And even if you back out the OEM, we're above that. So the idea that the rest of the industry is outgrowing us, I guess I don't see it. So from that perspective, from product growth perspective, certainly EMC of the 3 is the best of the lot. I'll give you that. But on the other hand, the numbers that we just reported are better than that.
Thomas Georgens: No, no, no, let's stop on that. So EMC's, I'm talking about product growth here, so they were plus 7 overall. The product growth was 3. And the NetApp number from a product growth perspective year-over-year was 21. And even if you back out Engenio, it's still well above 3. So those are the numbers that we're looking at.
Thomas Georgens: One point I'd -- to your point, Katy, is if I remember right, in the last quarter, as we did the bridge on gross margin, we had some costs associated with new customer acquisition. And actually the new customer acquisition this quarter was actually better than the last quarter. But last quarter, we had some big identifiable deals that I could really point out and attribute that to. So I'm guessing is that some of those new deals probably will be costly again, but they weren't as identifiable in the pack. But overall, as Nick indicated, usually Q4 is where we see gross margin decline even further historically. So we forecasted, I believe, on this call 90 days ago was 59%, and we actually came in a bit higher than that.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. In fact, we're actually continuing to see an improvement on the gross margin. So we've actually gone that far out on a limb. Broadly, clearly, I see this more as a macro dynamic. I think this quarter was solid. Last quarter was solid. It isn't to say that competition isn't intense, I just don't see it any different. But I would say that the macro climate, even look at the guidance of the other bellwethers and even look at the relative storage performance and growth rates of the other players in this industry, I still think it's a bit challenging, and I think we need to be careful. And the other factor, I think, that we have at this point in time is our Q1. And I kind of like to say in Q2, we've got the end of the government fiscal year to help us. At the end of -- in Q3, we have the end of the calendar year. In Q4, we have the end of our fiscal year. But in Q1, we've got nothing to work for us.
Thomas Georgens: So I guess on the broader question of the sequential, yes, I don't think we've had a 15% sequential Q4 to Q1 transfer. And I think as we look at it, it's not uncommon for us, particularly with this forward growth projection, even if you go back to the consensus estimates for the full year, we're in that range in the mid-teens where you guys are forecasting. It's not uncommon for us to see 10% from Q4 to Q1. And so I'm not saying that that's suddenly 15%. I'd say that one of the things that is different is that even if you look at the guidance of the other players, you look at the guidance of the guys who just reported in the last couple of days and Cisco and the other bellwethers who have a bigger, broader footprint than we do, clearly they're taking its guidance down for future consensus. So I think if you compound those factors and if you further go at the areas that are weakening or potentially weak, EMEA and U.S. Public Sector, we're probably a little bit more overweighted than them, than some of the other guys, and then FX and whatever. So I guess what I'd say is I'd start with kind of normal Q1 to -- or Q4 to Q1 seasonality kind of in the 9% or 10% range. And then you can decide what type of factors you want to add on top of that. But if you look at the rate at which people are taking down their consensus, that's another 3 points or 4 points or whatever. It doesn't take much to get to 15% without even talking about anything that's specific to NetApp.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think the year has just begun. I think from our point of view, it's really hard to modulate expenses in direct proportion to the seasonality of the business. And yes, we got the macro overhang, which is basically adding to the seasonality, kind of the sum of 2 factors. So I think at this point in time, yes, the real question is, how long is this going to last? And I think if we felt that this is a protracted situation and we weren't going to be able to get back to the model any time soon, then clearly, we'd have to take some action. But on the other hand, if we believe that this is something -- a storm that we can weather -- remember, in Q4 we were very much on the model, and now we're into Q1. And what's really changed since then, I think really is the macro concern. And the question is, is it going to reverse? But as long as we believe that we can gain share, we can continue to grow this business and we want to position ourselves when this bounces back, then I don't think we're going to overreact to the near term. On the other hand, if this is protracted, then just as we did the last time we went through this back in 2008, 2009, when the sense was this is going to be a relatively long-duration thing, so it's not going to bounce back right away, then we take action. So I think you certainly have our commitment to basically take action that we see necessary. But on the other hand, we don't want to basically whipsaw the operating expense around a single quarter or even a 6-month phenomenon. If we think this thing is coming back in the second half -- second half of our fiscal year as others may have predicted, then I think we'd ride the storm out. But if we think it's going to persist, then clearly, we're going to take action similar to what we've done in the past.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think if you look at the OEM business, it's going to be a function of the Storage business of the OEMs themselves. And certainly, their outlook has not been great. So I think that's one factor. I think if you go forward, clearly -- I don't know if can I agree on the 20%. I have to do that calculation myself, but it's still a big number. And it's the sum of those 2 factors. So as Nick indicated, the 9% was typical of us going into this year. We actually had a decent growth quarter in Q1. And the other thing is I'd be a little bit careful of the year-over-year compares in the "core" business, because a couple of things come into play there. One of which is now with IBM, now that we own the DS and the N series, we're kind of ambivalent about which way that business goes, while, obviously, a year ago, we had a preference. And likewise, to some extent in the channel, where there's opportunity to sell either product. So to assume that the NetApp branded business is the same as it would have been had we not done the acquisition is probably not entirely accurate. That's probably a little bit of a pessimistic assumption. But overall, I think in the grand scheme of things, I think if we did not have this broader concern about the macro and watching what other companies are doing with their guidance, I think we would have been absolutely normal. And what you should have expect from us is a nominal minor 10%, just like we did last year in the core business. So if you use that as a baseline, we're really debating, is the rest of it macro or is it us? And you can debate whether we're being overly pessimistic or not. But I guess the only point I'll come back to -- the only thing we do know is the quarter we just had. And I think the quarter was strong. We saw increasing gross margins. We see that going forward. As far as the OpEx and EPS margin drop, I mean that's effectively a top-line discussion, right? OpEx is flat, gross margins are actually improving. So what we're talking about is the top line, and I think that's the thing that we need to monitor. As that goes, so will go the EPS.
Thomas Georgens: Well, okay. So those are a couple -- I presume you don't mean that in order to compete for winning these deals. As far as individual transactions, we're not going to comment at any deal. Obviously, we spend time with a lot of people and visit a lot of people, talk to a lot of people and talk about potential engagements. We do that constantly. As far as flash goes, I see that as a vehicle innovation and a way to promulgate our data management capability. And that's going to be the key part of our strategy. So I think you should expect us to do things organically, and you'll see some of those, as I indicated in our upcoming release of 8.1. You'll see it inorganically and you'll see it through partnerships. So I think you'll see NetApp participating on flash on multiple dimensions, and primarily, it is to basically expand our data management footprint. I kind of lost sight of the other question.
Thomas Georgens: Do we need to partner up with a bigger person? I'd say, let's just go down that list again, right? IBM has had 2 consecutive down quarters in storage. Dell has had 2 consecutive down quarters in storage. I don't know the latest on HP, but they were down a quarter ago. We had Hitachi, which had a good year last year and then guided basically flat for this fiscal year starting in April. We have at EMC has had 4 consecutive quarters of declining product growth. So if we had a bigger sales force, could we sell more? If that's the question, I think the answer is yes. On the other hand, I don't see who the player is that we would connect to that would suddenly give us any more leverage that we currently have.
Thomas Georgens: No. I think it's great to have the momentum there. But -- and it's great to see the 2000 be strong again. We clearly went through a slow patch roughly a year ago. We've been accelerating. We had a good quarter last quarter and an even better quarter this quarter. Obviously, over 10,000 units, an all-time high. But let's not lose sight of the high end. Let's not lose sight of what the 6000 did. I mean, the 6000 doubled year-over-year. It's up 58% this quarter. It's up 207% last quarter. So I think we have momentum on the number front. I think the 2240 is probably carving out part of the 3000, simply because it's new and the 3000 is an older product line. But I think both the large systems and the small systems have a tremendous amount of momentum right now. So I wouldn't say that's just one segment. Clearly, those 2 products are serving 2 different segments of the market, and they both seem to be doing well.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I hate to have that bring up the question if the growth is -- if there's a decline in the industry, do we decline at twice the rate? I still think that -- I mean, if you just go through those numbers that we just put out there, from a product revenue, which is the thing that drives market share, I should think we had the highest product revenue growth of anybody this past quarter. So I still see us as a share gainer. Our focus is on a point of share. And depending on the growth of the market, that will vary. So do I still think we can double the growth in the market -- double the growth of the business? Yes, I do, particularly if it's a small number. So I still feel good about where we are. I still feel good about this quarter. But if you can predict the future better than I can, then have at it. You can adjust our numbers accordingly. But I think for now, given that it's our Q1, which is never our strength, and given -- the question, earlier question said, nothing's really changed about Europe. I suggest that it has. Perhaps nothing has really changed about U.S. Public Sector spending, and that's probably not going to change anytime soon, perhaps the election later in the year. But overall, I think -- I feel good about the momentum. I just wish I had more visibility.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, that's right. And NetApp in its history has only gained a point of share twice. Once was last year, and the other was the year before, and that doesn't count the acquisition.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. So I would say Public Sector is largely the same. And I think the dynamics are there, they're not great. Obviously, we're facing an election, and that may change things. But I think it may change emphasis, but not the overall macro picture. Asia Pacific was strong all year and remains that way. I'd say that in general, our concerns about Europe are clearly increasing. And it's not so much Greece, and it's not so much Italy. Those are relatively small markets for us. It's a spillover effect into the -- it's a spillover effect into basically the big enterprise countries: Germany, France, U.K. So from our perspective, I think that the spillover effect of this and what it means for the other countries is a concern. Obviously, there's just been an election in France, so we'll see what that yields. Beyond that, I think if you look at the U.S., I think it's still uneven. I think some sectors are clearly doing better than others. I'd say a sector that would worry us is financial services. I think that's one thing that is also subject to probably a declining sentiment from where we were 90 days ago. Other sectors in the U.S. are doing just fine: media, entertainment, consumer, health care. But I'd say that financial services, which is a big sector for us, is probably worse than it was. And I think EMEA, I don't know if it's worse. It probably is a little worse. But I'd say that the bands or the range of potential outcomes in the near term in EMEA is probably much greater today than it was 90 days ago. I think we'd get -- all sorts of things could happen if -- depending on the Greek elections, so what happens there, what happens to the Euro. So I think from my perspective, I think EMEA, the midpoint is probably a bit worse than it was 90 days ago. But I would say the range of outcomes is probably much wider than it was 90 days ago.
Thomas Georgens: Yes. I think it's a little bit complicated in Q4 because it has a dynamic of being our fiscal year end and things of that nature. But from a backlog perspective, our backlog measure is effectively the same going into Q1 as it was going to Q1 last year. So I don't see that as a different data point. I think overall, I'd say that business was a challenge across the board, getting deals approved, getting large deals approved and fighting through that. I think we won more than our fair share of them. But I would say that activity was very selective. And I think we had to battle for it. And I'm actually quite proud of the team that not only we win our fair share of it, we actually increased margins in the process of doing so. So I think the execution is good. But I think that the aggregate demand certainly is not where it was certainly a year ago.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. I'll have to look it up. Financial is about 10% of our business. And as far as visibility, I would say what's a little bit different this time is that there's -- it's not only an economic concern. There's also a political concern involved, whether it be a U.S. election, whether it be the role of the European Union. And I think there's a level of complexity that as a businessman is a little bit hard to sort out here in terms of what could happen. And I think the other factor simply is, just to make it a NetApp story, is Q1 has hardly been our strength. And if there's going to be a quarter where we're going to be cautious and not want to get too far ahead of ourselves, particularly when there's a lot of unknowns out there, this is going to be it. So I think from that perspective, we're just going to basically play this one safe. I think you see the guidance of the other guys, I don't see them talking about any different dynamics than we are. And then you lay in our normal seasonality on top of that and perhaps a little bit about concentration in those 2 sectors and, likewise, even FX, I think it's pretty easy to kind of come up with a mid-teen sequential decline, and that's kind of where we are.
Nicholas R. Noviello: So, Aaron, just with respect to your question on configured-nonconfigured, we put some of those numbers which are subcomponents of product revenue into our Qs. I don't have some of those numbers available to me right now. What I would say on an organic basis on the product side of the fence, so if I pull out the E-Series OEM, we've got a sequential growth of 15% and a year-over-year of 6%. So those are probably numbers that help you in terms of understanding what's going on in terms of the product outside of the acquired E-Series OEM.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Katy, it's Nick. Let me address that. I mean, last quarter, we talked about some specific numbers in terms of the gross margins and the gross margin guidance we gave. So in the last quarter, when we gave guidance for the fourth quarter, we said gross margins would be approximately 59%. And we came in higher than that. We've come in higher on the product gross margin side as well. And when I look at the quarter with respect to discounting, with respect to mix, with respect to supply and drive constraint, all of those things were consistent or we did better than our forecast on all of those. In addition, we're talking about gross margins of 60% to 61% go-forward. So we've continued to say that it's a dynamic environment out there. However, I think we're doing pretty well in terms of what we did in Q4 in terms of gross margin guidance and the go-forward.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And, Brian, it's Nick. Let me add one thing. If you take out the inorganic OEM revenue from Q1 last year, you'll see from Q4 to Q1 a 9% revenue decline, okay? Sequentially, just one year ago, all right? So that's something to keep in mind as well. And then on the OpEx side of the fence, you're talking about a virtually flat. There's a variety of things going on. Also, if you think back to this prior year, we took guidance off the table. We obviously had planned for a year higher. Some of the variable compensation types of items were a tailwind for us last year earlier in the year. Those things we have to reset back up to 100%. So those types of plans will be headwind as we go into Q1. And we're offsetting it with spending conservative in a variety -- conservatism in a variety of other areas. So that's how you're getting to the flattish on the OpEx for Q1.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Okay, Ryan. It's Nick. Look, we obviously did in the 17% range for the year, 17% of revenue for the year. Second year, over $1 billion in free cash flow, so we feel very good about that. We've shown some charts in the past that have some revenue associated with them as well. You got to look at what revenue growth is going to be to be able to back in what free cash flow as a percentage of revenue is going to be. But we've talked about numbers in the 20s, right? In the low-20 range, and we've been able to do that multiple quarters and years in a row. So this year is a little lighter. This past year, I should say, behind us a little lighter. This coming quarter, I'd caution you that we generally have not a great first quarter of free cash flow. But those types of ranges we've talked about in the past, assuming the revenue growth, I think are still reasonable.
Nicholas R. Noviello: To answer your question on linearity. The linearity in the fourth quarter of '12 was actually better than that in fourth quarter of '11. You can also see the DSO declined, if you look at it year-over-year.
