Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure, Shebly. Nick Noviello here. So let me just reiterate the numbers that you're referring to. So product gross margin in the fourth quarter was 55.8% and in the first quarter was at 53.3%. Frankly, we typically see a decline in product gross margin in the business. The other thing that you need to keep in mind as you look at the sequential and what happens on the seasonality here is that you're going to end up with a mix of business that's a little different because the branded business is going to be the one that is sequentially down. And what you see on a sequential basis is that the OEM side of the fence was relatively unchanged, so there's going to be a mix impact as well. So we really have to look at a combination of mix of business, right, branded versus OEM. We look at the seasonal that happens anyway from Q4 to Q1 and we look at a variety of other components here. There is nothing that I would say that's abnormal in discounting or competitive that's showing up in these numbers. They're all pretty consistent.
Nicholas R. Noviello: So what I would say there, first of all, so we gave you the guidance for Q2, Q2 guidance, approximately 61% on gross margin. Again, if you look at the seasonal over time, we generally have a higher gross margin on the product side in the second quarter. I would expect that to come through again. So we would see an increase in product gross margin there and, over time, we expect an increasing product gross margin.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. And Katy, just in terms of the DSO, yes, it was 37 in Q1 last year and down to 32, but we think -- we've seen 32 before. And I actually think there's a little bit here around all of the integration activities around Engenio are completely behind us. You see inventory turns up as well. I think there's a normalization there of that type of integration behind us. And then just strong execution across the board. And we're really pushing on that execution, I think, as that came through.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, so Amit, this is Nick. So let me walk through a couple of pieces. So I indicated that we would have -- we talked about the branded growth and that the branded mix will improve a little bit in the second quarter from the first quarter. Obviously, with that, that carries a higher margin base. The product gross margin, as I indicated to Shebly earlier, I would expect to go up from Q1 to Q2 or a sequential increase there. However, on the service side of the fence, the first quarter of the year is generally a higher or a high-water mark for the service side. Because a lot of the bookings come through in actual revenue in Q1, yet the costs are linear across the period of time. So in terms of services investments, I think you'll see and we will experience more services investments in the second quarter. That will impact the service gross margin and take that down. The blend is the approximate 61% we guided you to.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. Mark, it's Nick. So let me walk you through that. So we had a decline in deferred revenue in Q4 of last -- sorry, Q1 of last year as well when we went from Q4 into Q1. So this has happened before. And I think what you really need to look at is the decline and the sequential decline from Q4 to Q1 in branded business because that's where we have a deferred revenue component, right? So when we look at the OEM, by the way, there's virtually no deferred component, if any. So this is really all about the sequential reduction in branded revenue from quarter-to-quarter. And when you have a sequential reduction of the sizes we're talking about, there's going to be an impact on deferred revenue as well. And deferred revenue is simply you can think about it as thousands and thousands of contracts that amortize over periods of time. That's a $3 billion balance on the balance sheet, right? And every quarter, we are adding new contracts to it and subtracting and amortizing off older contracts or recognizing revenue for older contracts. And it's really just a matter of what goes in versus what goes out. And when you have a sequential decline at the level you did this quarter from Q4 to Q1, which we expected, and you had a sequential decline from Q4 of FY '12 into Q1 of FY '13 like we did, you're going to have that reduction.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, still up year-over-year. So I wouldn't get beyond -- too much beyond this is a timing thing and this is really what happens with that sequential type of decline in branded revenue.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, Bill, it's Nick. So we realized in the quarter a little over $20 million of savings from the realignment action that we did. And recall that, that realignment action was really about making sure that our investments were pointed at the biggest return, right? And what we indicated at the time that built into our approximate 17% operating margin and operating profit margin guidance for the year was not only the takeout of the set of costs, but the reinvestment of the set of costs across a number of initiatives, clustered Data ONTAP being one of them, flash being another. Those are the types of things that we're pointing those investments to. And we talked about the fact that, that would happen over the course of the year. In Q1, you're not going to see a lot of that. It's going to be slower in Q1 because you're still, in part, this process took most of the quarter to execute. A lot of it in the U.S., done pretty much immediately. Some of it, places around the world, it takes longer. So we are in the reinvestment mode. I'm going to ask if you all can still hear as well.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Okay. I'm getting feedback here on the phone. So we are in the reinvestment mode. That reinvestment is planned over the remaining quarters of the year. It's built into our guidance as we give guidance each quarter and it's built into our guidance for the full year of approximately 17% operating margin. Frankly, it is also a lever. And if we, over the course of the year, determine that for macro reasons or other reasons we're not going to see the type of profitability we expect, we'll pull that lever. But at this point in time, our view on the year is absolutely intact, our view on the quarter is intact and our view on the reinvestment is intact.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes, so Ananda, this is Nick. Let me start off with that one and, certainly, Tom will add his point of view as well. So when we talked about this 90 -- 120 days ago and change, we talked about what we're planning for a 3-year period of time and then what we're planning for the first 12 months of that and the first 90 days -- actually, 120 days. So we indicated in the first 4 months, we buy $1 billion back, right? That first 4 months is basically through September. What you see is that in our first quarter, we bought $850 million of stock back. We did an ASR of $750 million, that's behind us. We did $50 million otherwise, that's behind us. So we've done absolutely what we've said, actually probably a little faster than linear, in this first quarter. I would expect that over the remainder of Q2 and probably pushed towards the front end of Q2, we will finish that $1 billion of repurchase. You also see on the dividend side, we did the $51 million in dividend in Q1. We'll do the same towards the end of Q2. To your point on the rest [ph], right, we indicated that in a 12-month period of time, so basically up until May of next calendar year, we will purchase another $1 billion. We will absolutely do that and we'll -- we have at our disposal, really, the timing of that. But we're going to be aware of all of those pieces and look at the timing. I think for Q2, I would say that we're going to first be focused on this first $1 billion of the $3 billion program. We're going to be focused on getting the warrants behind us. That's a September, October maturity on the warrants. And then we're going to be absolutely looking at the second $1 billion of the $3 billion program which we talked about for a 12-month period of time. And that 12 months really runs through May of next calendar year.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think we stay away from bookings. It's not a -- we need to be careful of the definition there and it's not an auditable number. So we don't disclose bookings for the company. But I think as the quarter plays out, 9% branded growth is pretty strong. The fact that we're forecasting 9% or so branded growth again next quarter would indicate that we clearly have ongoing momentum in that area. So it certainly wasn't a one-off thing. And we see it across the board. Clearly, the clustered ONTAP uptake is key here. I think that the flash story, the all-flash array around the E-Series has been very, very powerful. I think we're very, very pleased with the momentum that we see there. So as far as I look at it, I think -- if I just took actually a bigger step back, I'd say the first half of last year, we were in a pretty big product transition around clustered ONTAP and we certainly saw the growth rate. And then we saw momentum build and market share gain in the second half of the year. I think we finished strong and I think we started this year relatively strong in this market. So I should think that we built some momentum last year. We talked about it in Q4. And I think it continues and it's reflected in our forecast for our branded business next quarter.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think we can -- we need to focus on what we see and where we're winning. If I look at 9% branded growth, that's really the component that drives the market share number. I don't see anybody close to that number. So I think unquestionably, this is a pretty strong market share quarter for us, I think that goes without saying. I want to be careful about the industry at large. If I look at recent announcements, EMC storage business, a bit over 3.5%. I think Hitachi reported 1%. IBM was down and we'll see what HP and Dell report. But overall, I think that unquestionably, the demand for the products in our suite is clearly stronger than it certainly was a year ago. So I think we feel better about it. But I wouldn't go so far as to say that we've got an economic tailwind driving us. I think NetApp, the competitive position is stronger than it's been and I think we're making the most of it. So I think unquestionably, we're gaining share. That said, certainly, we saw a little bit better economic news in terms of GDP growth out of the EU reported this morning. And I think things probably feel a little bit better than they were a year ago, but I wouldn't use the word dramatic turnaround or anything like that. And certainly, as we think about our guidance, on the federal side, that's an important part of our business, we have the sequester component that's out there. I think we've had the sequester all year and NetApp has done very, very well there. I expect that to continue up until the end of the government fiscal year. But our quarter also includes October, which is the first month of the next fiscal year. And I think there's a little bit of concern about what it's actually going to play out there. So I'm not worried about anything NetApp specific on that front, but clearly, that's going to be a politicized process. But between now and the end of the government fiscal year, I expect us to continue to take our own fair share of the government business.
Thomas Georgens: I would say that in general, the quarter was pretty typical. We also had kind of a NetApp-induced wrinkle this quarter is that we were doing the realignment and the restructuring this quarter. And clearly, that had the potential of having a big impact on our sales organization. We've certainly seen that to be disruptive to companies in the past and I think we've managed through that. But I think that, that probably had some impact on the timing. So I think there's probably a little bit of an anomaly. But I wouldn't say that we were any more back-end loaded or any more back-end coasting in than any quarters in the past. So I think it kind of played out the way we would've thought, but we did have a little bit of disruption in the middle as we, basically, realigned territories and reassigned quotas and did all things associated with the restructuring.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I mean, the one thing I'd add on the execution front, this will be a message to employees tomorrow, is the DSO number was one of the best we've ever reported. The inventory turns number was one of the best we've ever reported, certainly the best since the Engenio acquisition. Gross margin is strong. We had the realignment and all of that. We didn't lose any sales momentum, at least not in the aggregate for the quarter. We also moved a factory in Europe last quarter without disruption to the business. So I think we've clearly upped the intensity around execution. And I think that all in all, we're pretty pleased about how this quarter came down.
Thomas Georgens: I'd say not a lot. Clearly, if I look at our portfolio with clustered ONTAP being mainstreamed and the flash momentum, I think we're probably better armed than we were a year ago and certainly more confident than we were a year ago. But I think the dynamics clearly are the independent players continuing to gain share, continuing to be more relevant and the service -- and the servers vendors continuing to decline in relevance. So I think clearly, whether we're competing though for the footprint of a server vendor or legacy server vendor installed base, we're typically competing with EMC to get that, whether EMC is the incumbent or not. So clearly, that's where the competitive intensity is the greatest and really across the board. Perhaps a little bit more with EMC, certainly, what we come out then with the value proposition of clustered ONTAP. We typically, EMC, go down the Isilon path or the V-Max path to try and match up a little bit differently rather than try to take us out with some of their traditional offerings. So I'd say that if there's one dynamic is we're probably seeing a lot more V-Max engagement. And I think that's really the clustered ONTAP lining up against VNX and EMC will go to V-Max instead to compete. That's probably the only thing that I see different. I mean, you certainly see small guys. But at the end of the day, the competitive intensity with EMC is in a large percentage of the transactions that we see.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I'd say probably one wrinkle in that story a little bit is that the thing that we look for in terms of our measurements, really, is bookings. And here's the case where the bookings performance and the revenue performance are a little bit distorted. So our bookings performance in APAC was actually a bit different. If I look at APAC, areas where we saw strength this quarter is Japan has been strong for us for several years now. That's really been a very, very strong management leadership story by the NetApp leadership over there. China had a very, very strong booking quarter, in the vicinity of just under 40%. But we also saw some weakness on the Australia side at the ANZ area. So I'd say it's somewhat uneven. Japan and China and then Korea is much, much smaller but has pretty good growth. But I'd say that ANZ, the Asian [ph] area and India are not as strong. But overall, I'd say from a booking perspective, the numbers are a little bit better than shipments. That's primarily a timing issue. So clearly, it's not at the growth rate we were probably 6 months ago. That's a fact, but still pretty good. And it's, from a booking perspective, higher than all the other areas.
Thomas Georgens: Well, when I look at clustered ONTAP and the ability to take the feature set of Data ONTAP, which is the #1 operating system in the world from a storage perspective, and basically marry that with cluster and we can deliver really unlimited scale, unlimited performance and nondisruptive operation. So in our core markets, large-scale file services and content, clearly that's been a big market for us and this will allow us to scale even bigger. Virtualization, clearly a big play. We've established a big footprint. This will allow us more mission-critical nondisruptive operation, allow the virtualization of more applications that I think serves us well in our partnership with VMware and also expands our segment there. And I think that's pretty well understood. That, I think, is competitive as an existing segment. The other thing is going deeper in the data center, perhaps with some applications that might not have considered NetApp in the past. Database would certainly fall into that. Decision-support applications, things of that nature. And that's a big part of the business. Deeper in the data center, more mission-critical apps, now with the nondisruptive operation, the scale and the performance, they can offer a solution that can scale and perform better than any individual box from anybody and that's a TAM expansion component for us. And frankly, it's one of the biggest untapped, proven profit pools in the entire industry. So from our perspective, file services, virtualization, that's stronger where we previously played. But here's the opportunity to go deeper after more mission-critical applications in the data center, proven profit pool, and I'd say that's a big opportunity for us in terms of TAM expansion. And for clustered ONTAP, it's specific. That's probably the biggest TAM expansion opportunity we have.
Thomas Georgens: Well, we've just introduced 8.2. And one of the things about the clustered ONTAP story for us, one of the things as we compete with this technology and move into the new technology, requires the migration of the data. And that takes time, it requires scheduling and a bunch of other things. So one of the things that we have with 8.1 is -- and we've talked about it in the past, is it doesn't have 100% feature compatibility with the 7 mode before it. So for some customers, before they migrate, they want to make sure their business processes can transfer seamlessly to the new software. So interesting is for all the momentum that we've seen up until the release of 8.2, it's primarily not come from merely repositioning our existing product base or existing customer base. But it's actually come from brand-new accounts and brand-new workloads, which actually have the team pretty excited because that basically says that the value proposition is strong because we can beat the competition with it. But the real migration of our existing footprint, that has really only just begun. So with 8.2, we closed a substantial amount of the feature gaps where a substantial amount of our installed base can now move seamlessly to the new platform, but they physically have to migrate the data in order to do it. And with 8.2 comes a set of migration tools that will help them with that process. So -- and kind of my internal joke is that, so far, that it's proven to be easy to compete against the competition with clustered ONTAP than it is to compete against ourselves. But now with the feature parity mostly achieved, the opportunity to move more and more customers. And that's probably going to be a big part of our activity over the 6 months. But that's not just the pent-up demand. That doesn't happen overnight. It takes finite time to move. It's something that needs to be scheduled. It's something that the customers need to plan. But I expect it to be a relatively significant activity over the rest of this fiscal year now that we've got 8.2 out. So my summary is that most of what we've done so far, despite all the growth with thousands of machines and everything and all the progress that we've made, that's really been the hard growth of basically new wins and new workloads. And just the conversion of the existing installed base, I'd say that we're in the early days of that.
Thomas Georgens: Well, while they're looking up the other numbers, I'd say one of the things that was notable is that all platforms, 2000, 3000 and 6000, were all up year-over-year. It's been a long time since I've said that. So that's all pretty good. 6000 is particularly strong. In terms of VNX, I think at the end of the day, platform refreshes don't fundamentally change the competitive basis. I mean, that's kind of an arms race. Customers see that going on. Unless you're basically creating a new architecture, entering a new space, I'm not quite sure that that's a game changer. The real decision point to choose NetApp regardless of the platform that they run on is really the software value proposition. And as I see EMC with VNX today faced with the clustered ONTAP value proposition, I see them move a lot more towards Isilon and V-Max and not take those 2 products head-to-head. So I guess from my take is unless we see a significant expansion of the software portfolio associated with VNX, I really don't expect it to change the competitive landscape that much. Okay. On the units. Okay. I got a -- let me see what I can read off to you. So in terms of units, 6000 was 1,471. 3000 was 4,743. 2000 was 10,040. Revenue for the 6...
Thomas Georgens: That's it. I guess that's enough. But basically up on revenue -- I'd say pretty much up on revenue, up on units by roughly the same percentage.
Thomas Georgens: Frankly, we're pushing hard pretty now -- pretty hard now. And I think the EF540 story is we're quite pleased with that. With 300 machines in a relatively short period of time, I don't know how many people have shipped more than that, but it can't be many, if any. So I think we've been quite pleased with that momentum. I think that, certainly, the market will evolve over time. Where we are today, I think the unquestioned prove and use case is basically raw performance married with high availability. And I think that's really the strength of the EF540. It's got a long history of performance-based architecture and it's got a long history of proven high availability and I think that's really what's driving it. I think the use case for more rich functionality and persistent stores, I think that use case is still evolving. And I think that part of it is the maturity of the technology; part of it is, is the economics. When I take flash and kind of distill it down to its core premise is flash, on a capacity basis, is more expensive than disk. But from an I/O per second, it's actually a lot less expensive than disk. So the task at hand abstracting any individual technology is how do you get the random I/O workload on flash and how do you get everything else on raw drives. And that's really the essence of the problem here. So the data placement component of this matters a lot. So the argument -- and what that also means is that you can't afford to have idle data on flash. And frankly, I think the argument that flash is cheaper on the total cost of ownership basis than disk, particularly SATA disk, that argument doesn't wash. I don't see customers buying that. I don't see the trend favorable in that dimension either. So I think it's still going to be the case where flash is more expensive and, therefore, data placement is going to be critical. So as we think about the functionality of individual flash arrays and all the stuff that we're working on in FlashRay, I think that matters. But I also believe that managing the data placement across a multimedia storage hierarchy, some flash, some disk, some tape or some cloud, that, that problem has to get solved and that is just as important. And I think that's really where ONTAP gives us a key long-term advantage. So in addition to the FlashRay technology, being able to integrate that into a unified enterprise-wide data management framework like ONTAP, I think it's a really, really key advantage for us in the long run. So how do I see flash? I see flash as part of a data storage hierarchy. And the data placement, how the data resides on the most cost-effective, performance optimized component at any point in time, that is ultimately going to be the intellectual property that's going to drive this to be a mainstream technology.
Thomas Georgens: Well, I think overall, what we saw in the quarter, obviously, with the Q4 to Q1 seasonality, we didn't see a sequential increase like we saw in the past. But as a percentage of total revenue, it's the highest it's ever been. We saw with the 6000s, it was probably roughly comparable to last quarter, a bit less than 30%. And what we did see this quarter is actually a pickup in connect rates with the 3000s. So that's probably saying that's a little bit different now. 2000 connect rates are a bit lower. Although with 8.2, there's some functionality that makes that more cost-effective and we expect to see some activity there. In terms of where does it want to go, that's kind of a tough call overall. Obviously, it will be a function of the rate at which customers in their own operations want to do the migration. Clearly, we see internally, at least in the 3000s and the 6000s, we want to see the tipping point of 50%. That's kind of the number that we're driving for. So I'm not going to disclose a time frame on that. But as far as we're concerned, that's the metric that we're driving is where do we get -- when do we get those to 50%. So that's clearly within our planning horizon and that's what we're driving for.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, the one thing I'd -- just to reiterate a little bit is on the last call, we talked about shareholder return and our commitment to driving high single digits EPS -- actually, mid single digits EPS growth over the course of the year and the fact that we now have multiple avenues to get there, right? We certainly got the -- we can basically have the reinvestment lever to get there. We can slow that down if revenue doesn't materialize. We can also -- we actually have the capital reallocation plan. So there's a bunch in play and then, obviously, the [indiscernible] growth of the business. So I want to be clear. We said we'd be at kind of mid-teens and we're committed to that. And I think that even in an uncertain environment, between the recap, the reinvestment and the operation in the business, I see the multiple avenues of getting there. And that's why we're in a position to reiterate that number for the year.
Thomas Georgens: Yes, I think that's fair. And we'll give you visibility into what we're thinking there on the next call once we get through the September and October period.
Thomas Georgens: Well, on the OEM side, I think we got 1 more quarter at least of decline. And that's what we're expecting, just 1 more quarter of decline and then I think we'll start to see it stabilize from there. And we'll also see, hopefully, some of the new wins in that space start to contribute or at least offset the decline. So I think clearly, at the end of the day, we're kind of where we thought we would be when we bought this business in the first place. We kind of took a circuitous route to get here. But clearly, we've seen 20% declines the last couple of quarters. And eventually, when we come one full circle, that will start to normalize. And in fact this quarter, from a booking perspective, absent one OEM, the rest of the business was actually up slightly for the first time in quite a while. So that was positive for us. The thing that probably took a little bit longer to come to fruition, really, is the momentum around the branded side. We expected that to offset the decline of the -- the expected decline of the OEM by now and that was a little slow in developing. But we've really seen some good momentum. In fact, the branded side was actually up sequentially from Q4 slightly. And unlike the rest of the branded business, kind of flip that off. So we're quite pleased with that. The EF family is -- it's clearly an important part of that, the all-flash array. We talked about the units that we shipped. But I should add that, that is less than half of the total E-Series bookings. So we're seeing E-Series go out in many of the areas that we thought. We're seeing in large storage repositories in media, in health care, oil and gas, high-performance computing-type applications. So we're starting to see the aperture open wider on that and we're starting to see a much, much broader acceptance of the technology. Early on, a lot of that business was centralized in a couple of geos, particularly U.S. public sector and to some extent, in the media space. But now we're starting to see it more broadly across the entire footprint of our installed base. We actually see a fair amount of momentum in Europe this past quarter. We had a relatively large program underway. So I think, overall, I'd say we're probably behind where we expected to be at this point on the branded side. But the ramp has actually been pretty strong and we feel pretty good about it. And that's why I made the comment earlier that in the aggregate, I expect the combined branded plus OEM business, that should be a growth business for NetApp in fiscal year '15.
Thomas Georgens: There's certainly conflicting points of view on that. I think there's one conventional wisdom that says the high-end platforms are optimized for performance and the low-end platforms are optimized for cost and the mid range are optimized for price performance, so a balance. And therefore, with clustering technology, the best price performance alternative would be to actually cluster the mid-range products. And you have a debate as to whether we'll ever need another high-end platform again. And in my experience, not only here on this product but in other situations I've been, is that it doesn't always play out that way. It's that the early adopters are the ones that are most performance constraint and they're going to go to the biggest platforms and they're going to cluster those. And we've certainly seen that, at least in the early days. Perhaps now, with a little bit of tick up of clustered ONTAP connect rate on the 3000s, maybe we're starting to see that, that pieces play out a little bit. So I actually don't think that it will migrate to the larger platform. If anything, it might actually go the other way because you can build very, very, very large systems incrementally using more cost-effective building blocks. So and the net of it is, it's margin neutral to us. So in terms of modeling the business, I don't think it fundamentally changes anything. And that's part of the reason why we're somewhat -- we're not very, very emphatic about going one way or the other way. Whatever's best for the customer, I think serves our purpose, as well, and we're more than happy to accommodate that.
Thomas Georgens: Okay. Well, thank you, all, for joining us. We appreciate your interest in NetApp. And see you all in 90 days. Take care.
