George Kurian: We continued to be very pleased by many dimensions of our cloud business growth. I think we've got expansion in regions, expansion in certifications, for example, FedRAMP certifications, that allow us to serve new industries, new customer segments, and of course, the breadth of cloud service offerings. With both Microsoft and Google, we now serve a huge range of applications, everything from databases to virtualized environments, to Windows environments, and so on. And so there's a very large opportunity in front of us. In terms of our capture, we are capturing a broad range of customers, digital natives, who are born in the cloud companies that don't really have a data center, because all of their IT environments run on the cloud. We are capturing a substantial number of net new customers who have got a data center business, but not with NetApp, with our competitors, and of course, NetApp customers who are expanding their IT footprints as they deploy cloud-based environments with us. So we are pleased across all the dimensions of our cloud business. In terms of the innovation portfolio, we are innovating at Cloud speed, and you'll see continued updates from all of our teams over the next few quarters.
George Kurian: Listen, if you look at the results of all of our major competitors, [indiscernible], Dell, and HP, there's no question we have taken share. I think our product portfolio is the best in the market. In the all-flash array category, the richness of our software capabilities, the hybrid cloud integration, all has driven advantage in the all-flash arrays segment. The all-flash array mix was up in the quarter. And within the all-flash configurations, the high-end products which carry a substantial amount of software and maintenance, which leads to the growth in deferred revenue as a part of our business model. So we're really pleased. I think with regard to our sort of outlook, we continue to be really bullish about our portfolio. As I said, we got the best products in the market, uniquely positioned to give customers a hybrid cloud roadmap. And I feel really, really good about our position there. With regard to ELAs I'll have Mike comment.
George Kurian: I just want to begin, thanks for the question. I want to begin by saying that the 9% CAGR we referred to at the Investor Day was really market growth rates of all-flash arrays. We have continued to outperform the market. And as you noted correctly, we feel very confident we are taking share in the market. The products that we offer has leadership and performance efficiency, hybrid cloud connectivity, and a scale out architecture that our competitors cannot match. The run to NetApp campaign, which is a competitive migration program had another very strong quarter in Q2. And as we noted, we are focused on attacking the competitive product transitions in some of our competitors and taking share. And we feel very, very good about the progress to-date. If you look at the installed base, we're at 26% penetration of the installed base, which means that we still have a very large amount of room to continue to expand the flash footprint in our installed base. So net-net, strong quarter. We feel excellent about our product portfolio. We think we can continue to take share, as we said at the Analyst Day, and we're demonstrating that and our competitors have real challenges in executing their product transitions that we are taking advantage of.
George Kurian: For the color on, why are we taking share in the all-flash business, I think there are two things there. One is we are more focused and executing better as we signalled, where we have really put emphasis on winning with the strongest parts of our portfolio against the biggest opportunities. And the second, I think, is COVID, I think has really accelerated in our customers. They're thinking about hybrid cloud deployments. And we have clear leadership in helping our customers build hybrid cloud architectures. I think those are the two elements in addition to having a really strong product portfolio that gives us the ability to take share.
George Kurian: I'll talk about the first part of your question Amit, thank you. And then I'll give it to Mike to talk about the product gross margin. With regard to the all-flash array business, we see, as we said that Investor Day, this being a multiyear transition in the storage market. We see that because we are still in the early innings of the technology curve in the all-flash array market. And we think that there are more technologies coming online over the next 18 to 24 months that will move more and more of the disk-based market to the all-flash market. We don't think that all of the disk-based market moves to all-flash. But as we said, a substantial percentage of the total storage market, meaning let's say 70% to 80% will be an all-flash array portfolio. We are in the early stages. We think that as we said in our installed base as an example, we are at 26% after many, many years of driving all-flash, and there's a long way to go, just to upgrade our entire installed base to all-flash. With regard to the ability to continue to drive share games, it's about focus, it's about innovation, and it's about meeting customer expectations. We think we're doing a good job, and we're going to continue to keep doing that. With that, let me hand it to Mike to talk about gross margins.
George Kurian: We said that we were adding capacity about 200 heads, we had provided an update that we have met our expectations of that hiring one quarter ahead of time in Q4, of fiscal year '20. Those heads are on board, they are driving really good results. It takes about four quarters for a wreck to be fully productive. So as we said, this fiscal year is the payoff for that investment. We're pleased with the progress and we're going to keep our head down and keep executing.
George Kurian: I think first of all, thanks for the question. Keystone is an element of how we offer customers the ability to have an outcome as a service. There are financing vehicles that we and other people offer, which are really procurement vehicles, we've always had them they are a part of our selling motion. And you know what, I think they are going to continue to be a part of emotion go forward. With regard to what we do with Keystone is offer it to customers who don't want to deploy and manage infrastructure, but just want to have an outcome as a service. We have many ways to fulfil that type of demand from customers. Clearly, our cloud solutions are the first and most effective way to meet those expectations. Because you can instantly spin up environments, and instantly spin them down. And you got them deployed on all of the world's leading public clouds with the best operating system in the world. The second is Keystone services from NetApp and similarly, Keystone like services from our wide range of service provider and managed service partners. So we have a good number of ways to meet that customer demand. I'm excited at the pipeline of Keystone and the wins we're having. They are enterprise customers. A lot of them are competitive footprints, take outs, and they are net new environments. So we're not in the business of going after brownfields. We're looking at net new environments, new cloud and customer deployment. So certainly you'll hear more about that from us over the next few quarters. Thanks.
George Kurian: I think we do believe that the next few months, as I said earlier, are going to be a challenging set of months, right. I think you see that in the news every day. And what we are seeing is that companies have begun to move towards the new normal, right, they've optimized their operating models to deal with a hybrid or remote working model. They realized that they have to get moving on projects that were historically stalled, and so on. So we do think that they are better equipped to deal with the surge if there is one. The human challenge and the cost of doing so is high, right. And so we're being appropriately careful in our outlook for the next few months. We think that as we said, for the most part, I think, we see every sign that things have stabilized, they're not back to the new normal. There'll be improvements over time to get there. But I think sort of the further downward trajectory mostly stabilized.
George Kurian: I think first of all-flash arrays have a higher mix of software, the software, in the all-flash array is what makes it so much more efficient, in terms of workload consolidation, infrastructure, management, automation, and so on. And our all-flash arrays certainly carry a very rich software portfolio. With regard to the mix, it really depends on the customer type and the customer use case. If there are deep consolidation environments, they generally tend to have a larger system, so that they can deploy fewer systems to consolidate more environments. If it is more of a project based mix, they typically have a more midrange type of model that they deploy. So it's really depend around customers. I think we feel very good about our competitive position across all the elements, midrange, high end, entry. And we're going to stay focused on selling the right solution to customers. I would also say what's unique about NetApp is we also have a really good hybrid flash portfolio that allows us to sell the right product for the right use case and customers.
George Kurian: I want to thank our U.S. public sector team and our public sector leader. It was good execution in the public sector business. As we have said on prior calls, we have continued to broaden the range of our public sector business both to be more involved in program type spending that is distributed over the course of a year rather than at the typical public sector year-end in the federal agencies, as well as to grow our state, local and higher education business, which for us is a smaller percentage of our total business than a typical company our size. And I think we have done well across all those dimensions. We had some really good wins and slides. We have a broad book of business in the public sector, and I feel good about where we are. We have a new administration coming in. We will have to wait to see what the administrations priorities are. But I'm confident that our team will adjust and adapt appropriately. And so we will take it a good quarter at a time and we are pleased with the progress.
George Kurian: If you just look at the first half of this year, the U.S. business has done really well. I'm pleased with the progress. I think, when I look at puts and takes between Q1 and Q2, deals move around between the quarters. So I wouldn't draw any unusual conclusion. I feel like we did see a much stronger book of business in Q2 across all the geographies. So I feel really good as we talked about in my prepared remarks. The breadth of the business is encouraging and we're going to continue stay focused and execute.
George Kurian: Maybe I can just hit on your comment about whitelisting. Listen, whitelisting is a capability that's put in place, it requires customers to essentially register before they deploy a workload on our service. And given the kinds of workloads that we deploy on the public cloud platforms, high performance computing, mission critical run the business workloads, like SAP, and mission critical database environments, like Oracle RAC, we are going to continue to monitor. We're making progress towards the removal of whitelisting, but we're going to keep it in place for as long as we need to make sure that our customers have less flawless customer experience.
George Kurian: I think a couple of things there. First of all, we continue to believe that the midrange modular architecture, like NetApp has, is the sweet spot in price performance across the entire landscape. There are customers that will buy a high-end architecture like a power max or our high-end systems, but the vast majority of the customer workloads are going to transition to a midrange clustered system. And I think as not only we have observed, but many of our competitors have also observed, the mid-range from Dell has not met expectations. It is an incomplete product. It is hard to build a new midrange system. And so it's going to be some time before they can mature that and make that a real system. And you bet we intend to take share from them during that transition. We have seen the execution and the impact of that in our run to NetApp campaign. And we're going to pour it on. 
George Kurian: With regard to the innovations in the all-flash array market, there are more cost effective technologies coming in the all-flash arrays segment, like quad level cell technology that continues to erode the value proposition of performance drives, 10k drives that transitions underway. We think there will be more and more of that market that will transition to all-flash arrays. The second is with regard to the software contribution, what we do with software in the all-flash arrays is to make them much more efficient in terms of data reduction, data compression and so on. And the second is to allow them to protect their data in more and more ways given that you have a ton of data sitting on an all-flash system. So the economics of all-flash are benefited by using software based data management. And those configurations as a result, have a higher percentage of their value in software, then in a disk-based system.
George Kurian: Thank you, Katie. We are focused in our game plan on AI in solutions that are tied to specific industries. I think in healthcare, we are seeing a good adoption of AI where the stretched employees whether they are radiologists or whether they are patient administration personnel are being helped by AI techniques. And we also are focused in manufacturing and in select parts of financial services on the use of AI. So we're seeing good returns from that. I think with regard to why we are succeeding with AI techniques and AI solutions is because video and audio analysis, image analysis for example is now a mature and effective AI technique, and image and video and audio files they sit on NetApp file storage, and so we're an excellent platform for AI for them.
George Kurian: We are actually seeing that QLC first of all, is not in the market yet it will be over time. I think that what we are seeing is QLC makes the advantage of an all-flash array relative to a 10k performance drive even better. So today, there are customers buying all-flash arrays, when they are roughly three times the cost of a hard drive. With QLC, that number gets a lot closer to one and a half to two times. And so the advantage will be even more material. I think we got to compete to win share in the all-flash array transition that that drives, plain and simple. I don't think that it's going to not require us to execute. We think that more workloads will come on to all-flash, and to the extent that we executed that all-flash transition, it gives us a chance to pick up share.
George Kurian: Thanks, Kris. Thanks to everyone. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter, successfully executing against our plan to scale our cloud business while growing in the storage market. We are a primary beneficiary of the increasing importance of data and are uniquely positioned to help customers in hybrid cloud environments and with their digital transformations. I am confident in our ability to drive long-term growth, extend our hybrid cloud leadership and deliver value for our customers, partners and shareholders. Thank you to all of you. I hope you all stay safe and so do your loved ones and families. Have a wonderful holiday season. See you soon.
Mike Berry: Thanks, George. Hey, Rod. It's Mike. Thanks for the question. So as George mentioned, as we said in our prepared remarks, the outperformance in product revenue and product margin, it was driven by the high-end flash system sales. And as we noted, we expect product margins to remain right around that 53% for the rest of the year. And as we talked about, on the last two earnings calls, we're not guiding any ELAs going forward because they are such a small portion of our business, which is why we're not breaking those out anymore, any longer going forward.
Mike Berry: Hey, Mehdi, it's Mike. So thanks for the question. If you take a look at our non-GAAP supplemental disclosures, you'll see that on a quarter-over-quarter basis and year-over-year, the software portion of product revenue grew substantially. So on a year-over-year basis, it was up 14%. Commensurately hardware was down 18%, a lot of that was driven by the growth in all-flash. In addition, based on the booking under billings number of 10% and AFA growing faster than that, you can see that the other portions of our portfolio shrunk year-over-year. So again, that's going to put a lot more in software and as George mentioned, in support as well, because you also see billings growth of 10%, revenue growth of 3%. And a lot of that everything that doesn't go to revenue goes to the balance sheet, which is great for our future support revenue. So hopefully that helps in your question.
Mike Berry: Thanks, George. Amit thanks for the question. So, a couple pieces on this that I would focus on. As we talked about earlier today and in the prepared remarks, the majority of the outperformance in gross margin came from the high-end of our all-flash that was something that we had not expected going into the quarter.  Our guidance for the rest of the year assumes that that normalizes a little bit still growth in all-flash. But as you get into the high-end, you get even a little bit better margins because of the higher percentage of software. So we're forecasting now to come back and normalize a little bit still growth in all-flash, just not so much of the high-end mix.
Mike Berry: Hey, Michael, it's Mike Berry. Yes, so we are not going to disclose the ARR from the acquisitions going forward. I will tell you that they have continued to grow. We did disclose that the growth rate of the organic ARR accelerated as well during the quarter. So still all good on the acquisitions. But going forward, we're not going to break those out separately.
Mike Berry: So I'd just add a couple of things. Jim, thanks for the question. As George talked about, we do feel good about the business. That is one of the reasons why we're reinstituting our share buyback as we look forward. As we do expect, it's still going to be a couple of months of difficult times, unfortunately for all of us. The other thing to keep in mind too and some of the great questions earlier is when we give revenue guidance, keep in mind as well Jim based on the changing mix of the business, that we do expect billings growth to continue to be ahead a revenue growth as we do more AFA in cloud. So also, just as you look at the second-half, keep that in mind as well, please.
Mike Berry: Yes. Hey, Eric, it's Mike. Keep in mind that Q1 had the extra week in it. So when you look quarter-on-quarter, that was about $40 million of incremental revenue that we recorded simply because of the extra week coming off the balance sheet, it was about half and half between software and hardware pretty close. So you need to when you look quarter-on-quarter back out that increase, or that amount in Q1, when you do that you actually see a nice growth still sequentially in hardware maintenance.
Mike Berry: As long as -- that depends entirely on the conversation we just had earlier, Eric, in terms of the mix. If the mix holds consistent with what we saw in Q2, then there would be really no reason to believe it would be different. Keep in mind too that $3.7 billion of deferred revenue, like most software technology companies, 80% to 90% of our maintenance revenue comes off their balance sheet, so you don't get a lot of impact in the quarter outside of FX.
Mike Berry: Hey, Shannon, it's Mike. What we saw in Q2 is we did see higher component costs, specifically related to SSDs. We do expect in the second-half of our fiscal year to see some of that pricing pressure ease. So we do expect some lower pricing. And we do expect that likely will continue into '22. Now a lot of that depends on the economy. As you know, a lot of that of SSDs are also consumed by some consumer products, mobile phones, we're seeing a lot of that demand drop as we go into the second-half of our fiscal year. We expect that to go into '22. We'll see how the economy rebounds though. But overall, we do expect component costs to be a little bit of a help in the second-half and then hopefully going into '22. But we'll have to see all the supply and demand comes out especially on SSDs.
Mike Berry: Hey, Paul, it's Mike. Thanks for the cash flow question. Always fun to get that. It's a question. Hey, so keep in mind last year, two big movers on cash flow to note that any aside in the numbers in Q2 of last year, that the tax payments were pulled forward really into Q2. We paid about $100 million more in taxes last year in Q2 than this year. I note that because we will still pay those, they'll just fall into the second-half. The other part is as it relates to working capital, as you saw in the cash flow statement, we did do better in Q2 and collections. You saw that in the cash generated by deferred revenue and ARR. So as long as billings continue at the level that we're at, I would expect to see that in the second-half as well. But as you think about second-half, please keep in mind those tax payments, that'll be the biggest swing factor on working capital.
