Meera Rao: As we said last quarter, we have several new product that are growing and we expect that revenue growth to offset some of seasonality, and that’s what you are seeing playing out in our Q4 guide.
Meera Rao: So most of the places where we are seeing the softness in Q4 has been in consumer and consumer like markets out there. What’s happening for us is we are also seeing some areas where because we have design wins ramping we are seeing them being on par with the prior quarter and other markets where we are seeing some growth and you combine all this together, you’re seeing the guide that we just shared with you and the Street.
Meera Rao: I would just add to that list. We also expect to see growth in SSD, we expect to see growth in various industrial markets including automotive. We expect to do well in networking and telecom would also be an area where we will see growth. So, the key for us is that we have multiple areas where we see growth against the backdrop of whatever the macro economic conditions are.
Meera Rao: As industrial revenue grows, clearly that’s one of our better gross margin segments and that helps. But overall I think the story for us in Q3 is that our product mix has gotten better even in the various segments. Clearly, industrial is one of them.
Meera Rao: Sure. In terms of timeline, I usually look at both bookings as well as resales in the channel. And resales in the channel all the way through the end of September look good. In terms of bookings, looking back the last two weeks in September was -- they were pretty good, maybe were a tad bit lighter in some areas like particularly the consumer and the consumer related market. And that’s something that we are seeing continue through right now in October.
Meera Rao: Our plan -- as we have done in the past is always to control our cost. And I’d expect that these you would see these cost reductions in both in R&D as well as SG&A.
Meera Rao: There has been a lot of -- it was in different areas. Security has been one of our big areas, power adaptors, some of the power tools, those are all the areas where we saw our growth.
Meera Rao: No, we’ve had for two reasons. One, as we have thought this newer products has got these products designed in in some of the very large companies and they look to us to be able to support any upside that they may have and, so they are holding strategic inventories in those instances. Because, as you know, these are the first one or two products we are designed in but we see an opportunity to sell a lot more products to these customers and we want them to be very happy with us both on the product front and as a reliable supplier. So, second thing is we have trained the channels over the last few quarters to be fairly lean and let us hold the rest of the inventory because we have more flexibility and able to do that. And I want to repeat again what I said on the script that we have over the last five quarters we have held inventory in the channel at the same levels. And the reason we could do that is because we are holding the inventory.
Meera Rao: We have multiple design wins in Shark Bay. And we do have some of our revenue that you’re seeing in storage and computing segment is from Shark Bay. So, for us as you know this is just incremental revenue that we get. And for us it’s a new market, the incremental revenue but this is a way for us to monetize technology that we actually developed for the server market.
Meera Rao: Sure. I mean, we’ve discussed this before. We planned to have a balanced capital allocation program. We’ve already done the first phase of it or we've initiated the first phase of it which is $100 million buyback program. We’ve also having a lot of discussions with the board about initiating a dividend program. And the third a part of it is, is to acquire small technology companies out there and we are actively in the market looking at companies.
Meera Rao: The way -- when I look at it I see softness across the board and consumer; TV is one of the markets that I see it. But I also have to say that -- I've said this before as well that I don’t have as granular vision when I’m looking at it at this stage in the game as I have when I get to the end of the quarter. Well so, I can just look at it in broad brush stroke. So when I look at it I can see that consumers is largely softer than we’d have expected it to be. And TV is one of the markets that I do see that.
Meera Rao: Yes. So I think a couple of quarters ago we got this question and we had said that we expect to exit 2013 with about 60% or 70% of our revenue coming from BCD 3. And this quarter exiting Q3 we are already at 60 plus percent. So, as that -- and that’s for BCD 3. And then you know we will expect to be subsequently be shipping BCD 4 products which we’re not talking about currently for competitive reason.
Meera Rao: No I would say that HDD is still the bigger portion of the revenue, but SSD is growing fast and we have the two additional things that we introduced that we talked about last year which is going to be adding to our revenue mix next year. So next year is a year that I expect SSD to may be take over HDD. We also got to remember HDD programs tend to be fairly large so is one single program could actually change that equation again.
Meera Rao: Sure, as you know when we give our guidance we look at both the backlog, our churns business where it’s coming from and how comfortable we are about it. And so right now, I can say that we’re very comfortable with our guidance we have got good bookings comfortable about the churns to come.
Meera Rao: Thank you for joining us on this call and we look forward to talking with you on the next call. Have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Yes, Patrick. We -- Meera has spend a quite a bit amount of time in her script to talk about but in the last three years we built a really good fundamental of the company and we focused on the multiple growth market such as the cloud computing and also less growth in industrial and automotive side. But all of these market segments are new to MPS; it’s just for us the opportunity is enormous. We are executing our plan and we deliver the product and introduce to the market in the last 12 to 18 months and then we start to see the result. So this is one of the reasons we don’t see Q4 is down by – traditionally from a 5% to 10% and now we are almost as good as Q3.
Michael Hsing: Well again in the industrial portions and -- well the white goods were classified in the industrial side. And Meera talk about it in the script and then we’ll have a two year in a next year especially start to ramp in the first half of 2004. Other ones in (inaudible) delayed, the Intel delayed the introductions and that we have a lot of design win activities and we thought to late first half or second half of the next year. And we have so many other project and we’re making about the lighting and also the battery chargers and these are all moving up -- by percentage evenly. So, this is really what we want. We want to grow evenly and consistently.
Michael Hsing: In a telecom market, we see some -- the set-top box has been changed to a newer models. And so, the revenues stays about the same, I recon are little bit lower but the other newer business that start to rent but it’s not big enough to offset that areas the way before.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We continue to introduce the modules and we want to complete it the product family which is a really a catalogue product. And, so then -- and then particularly in the telecoms with them the modules being shipped and also we have a multiple design wins and we expect the revenues come in in the next year.
Michael Hsing: We were expanding our channels in the new age of selling is the e-commerce and which will update our website wherein internally will establish our group for e-commerce and also get to particularly its aimed for our module business. And through e-commerce I can -- we can reach to a thousands of a millions of a smaller customers. And other ones, I mean, other business segments, our other channels sales channels will all reach to -- will be significant players now. And the large distributors and they start to looking at us, so start to negotiating with MPS. So, these are our still in development. We’ll expect to complete some agreement or contract in the next few months.
Michael Hsing: Vern, we always have classified that same way. And white goods I mean we can -- what the components that we’re selling to is IC, is a high voltage IC. And your refrigerators and your wash machine, dish washers and some of them even the coffee makers and I can -- they need AC to DC power supply and also DC to DC panel and some of the small white goods have a LCD panels or with a LED panels and a LCD display which they need a power tool and also the backlight, both of that. These are the areas that we shift product to. And we have other industrial area of growth and these are more the plant controlled in power stations or as well within the large production plant. And they need a 60 volts power supply lines and offer their communications. That’s where our point grows, really shine in that machine, in that area.
Michael Hsing: I think that we don’t -- we really don’t know what that of the gaming market pattern or what the seasonality there. And we design it in the -- the good news here is we being in a several loss not many designs gaming consoles, we are mostly in all of them now. And we have a several products and they all start to ramp in the third and fourth quarter of this year. And Q1 I think that we’ll see more product that’s shipping in the market segments. We believe that Q1 still will be a growth quarter.
Michael Hsing: All right, let me -- let me break you down into even more detail. In server business, we have intelligent fuse and also we have a point of a low -- those products we're working, these are very large -- these are dominant server players and in the past two quarters. And so next year we’ll see lot more revenue from a point of low and also our smart fuse and these are product line that will ramp.
Michael Hsing: The Grantley is a really on the memory side -- on the storage side and also the CPU side, those are more in Intel’s and that called VR12.5. That product okay that product family in for a chipset will accepted now accepted by a few companies and some Japanese companies and Taiwan there as well the U.S., and but we are not in the front -- in the top tier server makers because usually it takes a few just a few generation to get in but we will see a significant revenue growth in the market. And in the one beyond Grantley was that we are -- we after -- we also the king of I forgot what was the name but I think we will be ready for primetime.
Michael Hsing: Yes, auto business is a very, very slow one way stall designing to -- designing to revenue it takes about three years and well we expect a pretty meaningful revenue ramp up and in from Europe in 2014; we talk about it in many quarters ago. And as you know these are -- these design wins okay these are products -- these are socket is not easily to change, they don’t cancel, they don’t drop introduce the models and like a consumer product. So it is three years earlier designed it in, they're pretty much set and it won’t generate some revenue. And so what’s the dollar content is we are in headlight, dull light, in consoles of the dashboards and ignition switches and entertainment units and we’ll have a more products -- we have more products will be introduced that like a model drivers and these all suitable for auto industry, okay auto -- for car. So what current serve the -- a product we can sell it to a car marker I don't have exactly a number but somewhat between probably $10 to $15 now.
Michael Hsing: I'm going to talk about and okay, and BCD 3 is a -- BCD 4, okay really is for higher performance product that made us the product with 6 millimeter by 6 millimeter the ADM current. These are definitely the only application in the server market. And then these are the one of a kind the best efficiency in the industry. And we are talking about BCD 5s and they will really move to a 12-inch and we are in the 12-inch now and we are even pushing it to 60 nanometers and those are the fab would be the leading supply in the analog world.
Michael Hsing: And I think it’s continuing the same trend for BCD 2, BCD 3 where every generation we think about improve the cost of about 30%, 40% [indiscernible] this much. And, BCD 5 announced and of course we don’t expect that these are 60 nanometers and a 12-inch fab still very expensive but I will see -- I will foresee in the two to three years and the cost will be same as now and per silicon per unit -- per unit area what will be same cost as of now. So the product we really aiming for is for BCD 4 now. It’s – these are lot of high current product and high speed, high speed also apply for modules we delivered all the teeny tiny modules it’s because we know our product switch faster than everybody else and we can use a smaller inductors in a capacitor and that’s why our modules are in a very lower cost and a very small and so these are -- silicon cost is relatively not relevant.
Michael Hsing: It is aiming for the fast charger like rapid chargers market but we are not in adaptor area we are in the phone.
Michael Hsing: Because all the smartphone want fast chargers and they had to increase the current now we have a product to the chargers -- battery chargers that up to 3 to 4 amp current and those chargers cannot be integrated into one of this – this power management into the [indiscernible]. So it will be a standalone chargers that we – we would have a lot of demand for this product.
Michael Hsing: In the history of MPS, I think only 2008 in a middle of the quarter we changed our previous guidance we guided low. And we updated the guidance and that was external or extraordinary macro conditions – macroeconomic condition change. And so other than I don't remember we ever missed the quarters.
Vernon Essi: So evenly spread between the two. And wanted to go back to a comment you made earlier on the industrial side, had a nice sequential growth there. And it sounds like you’re putting white goods into that mix. And I just was wondering if that was historically how it’s been handled, I assume that is and how do you --
Vernon Essi: Okay, how do you define white goods necessarily? Is it more -- because I mean some -- most companies are lumping that in the consumer side but is it -- should the company you’re shipping it to is at the voltage or the power density of the product itself? I mean how is that definition taking place? And then by the way, the other question is that -- was that were the growth was sequentially or was it in a lot different areas.
Vernon Essi: No, I realize you’re holding the inventory, I was just wondering if you had new stocking partners but you answered the question I mean you’ve got it obviously with larger end customers.
