Meera Rao: We are not seeing any particular weakness. And if you look at our trend, even last year, we didn't see much weakness in Q4. And this is a quarter where we continue to see momentum in industrial areas, including automotive. And one thing to keep in mind is these are all early revenues. We are not a big player yet. So if there is any macro weakness playing in automotive, you wouldn't expect to see it in our numbers.
Meera Rao: That was my point basically that except for the power train that we started in infotainment but then we've gone into the body, into safety, into various different applications.
Meera Rao: I think our visibility now is the same as it was about a year ago. We had good bookings coming into the quarter, continue to see – orders continue. We had good resales last quarter. So we are actually seeing good activity from a backlog standpoint.
Meera Rao: The SSD – we have all the designs that we have. There's additional sockets with existing customers and we have a new customer who started buying our SSD products last year. So with all that, we do expect SSD to continue to grow. And yes, SSD is now the bigger part of – has crossed over HDD at this point.
Meera Rao: And as far as I know that schedule is still on. The design cycle for Purley is still going on. And as we told you at the Analyst Day, we are seeing very good progress over there. We are much stronger in Purley than we were in Grantley.
Meera Rao: Sure. We had an MSU plan that had been set before that had price targets that ranged from $43, I think, to $40 to $56. And since we have achieved all those price targets, we now have a new program. And that has got the initial range of – the target prices is from $71.36 to $95.57. So there is a four-year performance period for this. And then between vesting and sales restrictions, it extends another two years.
Meera Rao: I mean it's conceptually. But I think there are more – it's a new plan, but, yeah, it's not an extension, but it is a new plan.
Meera Rao: Yeah. They have to be at that, I think, for an average of 20 trading days for it – consecutive trading days for it to be earned. But then, even if it's earned, it doesn't vest until the fifth year and sixth year.
Meera Rao: There are operational goals as well. This time, there are operational goals in addition to the price targets that have to be met.
Meera Rao: If you remember the beginning at the last earnings call, we had called out the fact that we were seeing some weakness in the SSD. We had expected to see some seasonal decline in the SSD for client, but we had also seen some softness in demand, both HDD and SSD enterprise. And I think it's more a reflection of what was happening in the macro and how it impacted some of our customers in those markets.
Meera Rao: That's the only one that I could see anything clearly. I mean the rest of it – we're kind of listening to more to what our peers have to say about macro because we are still seeing good bookings and billings.
Meera Rao: No. The three I would emphasize would be industrial, storage and cloud computing and consumer, particularly the high-end consumer.
Meera Rao: Year-over-year, I would say that the high value consumer is continuing to be a bigger portion of our consumer revenue. But if you're comparing quarter-over-quarter, there would – since Q3 was a much stronger – seasonally stronger quarter for consumer that would impact our high value consumer revenue as well. But year-over-year what we're seeing is even if you look at a quarter or year-over-year, we are seeing bigger portion of consumer revenue coming from the high value consumer market.
Meera Rao: Sure. In comms, I would say networking and telecom was relatively flat with the prior quarter. Most of the upside that we saw was in the gateway business where we had – if you remember a quarter before, we had seen weakness. So if I look out into Q1, I kind of expect from a networking and telecom that it will be flat. And Q1, on the gateway business, it would depend upon how the macro plays out. If you remember, the gateway is an area where it's not a strategic focus. It's something that we play in opportunistically depending upon the margins for the orders that we receive. So my expectation is that the gateway business is going to be flat, maybe even slightly down.
Meera Rao: Sure. What we were talking about there is, remember, we had been talking about the new foundry that's coming up. And we had identified the cost of bringing up the new foundry at $3 million. This is between the MOSFET cost as well as the wafer development loss. And we ended up spending only about a $0.5 million in 2015. So we'll be spending about $2.5 million in 2016 on that. The other thing that we also commented is that we have begun our investments in industrial and automotive markets. And so that is going to be something that's going to be driving OpEx expenses this year.
Meera Rao: And just a reminder, we talked about revenue growth. Our OpEx growth rate would be 50% to 60% of the revenue growth rate. And while we expect to be a little higher this year, that does not include – that 50% to 60% we were talking about does not include the new product cost for the new foundry coming up.
Meera Rao: One of the key things I'd also add for BCD5 that makes it special is that we've also added memory and digital capability.
Meera Rao: Also, to add to that, the networking and telecom area has been doing well right through the year. So the weakness in the second half was more attributable to the gateway business which is an area like I said we only play in opportunistically. If the prices are attractive then we will take that business. Otherwise we may not take it in a particular period.
Meera Rao: I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this call and look forward to talking to you at the Q1 earnings call. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
Michael Hsing: We have a lot of design win activities and we have some small. In terms of revenue, we'll have some revenues, but we expect to have in the 2017 and beyond the product start really in the growth.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Rick, thanks for the comment. And the growth in the automotive is pretty consistent because unless the auto company cancel the design of a car, okay, cancel the entire project, that doesn't happen very often. So we have many design wins and started a couple years ago. And also, with the right product and particularly for design for automotives, we are very optimistic for the next period. And related to what kind of a product – what kind of application in the car, except in the engine, except under the hood, we are almost everywhere now. Meera, you can -
Michael Hsing: North America, China, Korea, definitely picking up, other than Japan. In Japan, we have some. And they are much slower than any other region. It is not because the market is stagnant. It is because of MPS's salespeople. We already corrected that in the last – two years ago.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Next couple of years still we'll see a slow growth and you will see accelerating after probably 2017 or so. And all of these things that we're talking about really changing how you design the – how do you control the motion, how you design the model drivers. And these ones is really a long-term. And MPS doesn't focus on a very short-term business. If anything goes up fast then it comes down fast. And so we focus on these longer-terms in the sustainable market segments. And so far, there is no surprises and everything has followed plan. I mean, everything is executed well. So we generally have some revenues from some strategic customers and we work with them closely. And the larger market segments will – and our revenue will come in the 2017.
Michael Hsing: No, it is not. Okay. We focus on the – as we said, okay, industrial robot, that segment is growing and also the very mature market is the printer market. And using our technology can revolutionize the way of printing. So, not only in the office paper printing, also textiles and fabrics and photos, all of these. It can increase the speed just dramatically. And these are the market, TAM is easily is over $1 billion, okay, just for this printing segment.
Michael Hsing: Tore, you know us for – you've covered us for many years and, of course, since the beginning. And you know that our turns business is less and less and especially in the last couple years, okay. Going through the quarters is now much more predictable now.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. All these cycles we designed in a couple years ago and nothing has changed. And they are just waiting for the cycles to begin. But more exciting thing is that we gained a lot more socket and we established as a player in that segment.
Michael Hsing: Well, we have a lot of things going on, I mean. But the one in the analog space that really pay attention to it hasn't released it yet. And we are still working on it. But everything else is just normal.
Michael Hsing: First how we set it up is – I know, Quinn, you just covered us not very long ago. We had a program and the stocks during the close is about at $30 levels. And we set up the programs for some $40 to high $50s. And that program is only – had only one measurement and it's the stock price. And when the stock hit, then we have some period of vesting. And now, this time, we have a similar program and they're using stock's price as one element but we also add also the performance element to it.
Michael Hsing: I can comment on it. And this year's 2016 revenue, especially all these growth drivers and these products are released about two years to three years ago. One is obviously in the auto segment and the other one the cloud computing, the high end computing. That's including some workstations and high end notebooks and also the servers and data centers. And other one is the industrial and industrial is not as good as the last year's. It's similar, right.
Michael Hsing: I don't know the percentage of total revenue. We don't know – I don't know what that number is because the other segment will grow faster and consumer probably grow the slowest. But revenue-wide, I don't see what decrease was. We'll continue to grow.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Let me comment on the expense side. It is clearly – okay, we have a very outstanding product for automotive and industrial. And it's – our quality is exceptional. However, we need investment in the systems – in the quality systems. And those one – MPS just have those products just by brilliant design engineers and our peoples. Now, we need to invest in the infrastructures. And there's a lot to be done in there which will overall elevate the company's quality. And so, in 2016, it's time we should do that. But we do – and it depend on how much – how much is really depending on what MPS's growth rate. And during the Analyst Day last year, I said that with our growth – our OpEx always grows a little more than half of what the revenue growth. So this year's will be just slightly higher and also we are really controlled depending on the revenue growth.
Michael Hsing: If you see these fast trending products, we are very just opportunistic. And it may come in. It may be more, may be even less. Okay. But these are not our core interest. But we do have underlying very solid LED product customers. These are really for the decorating lighting, industrial lightings. And if we have a fast-grow revenue, we're just very opportunistic to take those revenues if we have the capacities.
Michael Hsing: While competing with a competing solution, I don't see anybody that's come in and have anywhere close to what MPS have. We are leading by far. Okay. In the past talking about a few years, a couple years, I think that's even much further now. And so BCD5 and we have a first few products in the market. We are launching it now in the market, meaning with all of the probable features in it.
Michael Hsing: I wish we have all the other infrastructure business. We don't have that much, okay. So the rest of it was explained already.
