Bernie Blegen: Thank you, Anil. So as far as the current quarter performance, we really saw the growth drivers to be sort of evenly split between our performance in high-end notebooks as well as in the server model. And as we look out ahead, those should be continued sources of strength, well into next year, before the Purley cycle transitions. So at this point, as far as the adoption rate and the ramp activity that we've been expecting, we don't see any changes.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So I usually wait until I get a full year of activity before we sort of break out the segmentation. So you are correct that, at the end of last year, automotive accounted for about a third of industrial, which would represent about 7% of our total. It has been growing at an attractive double-digit rate, high double-digit rate, albeit not as fast as it had in 2014 and 2015 when it doubled.
Bernie Blegen: And probably add to that, very quickly, is that we're able to demonstrate in a lot of different market segments where we've been introduced to new customers and we've started out with some relatively low-end offerings and then we've been able to incorporate their feedback into our design and sort of go up as far as the amount of dollar content that we sell into them. So I think that in addition to just the pure acquisition of new customers that Michael referenced, we've also been able to do a good job of capitalizing on those relationships and growing them.
Bernie Blegen: I think that in storage, and again I referenced this in the previous call, is that, you're exactly correct that we have very good opportunities there and it is as we increase the dollar content. The real story in the segment has to do again with the notebooks and servers. In storage we have sort of a mixed view as you've got some gains accruing in SSD and then some sort of mixed signals in the HDD market. So I think that you're going to see a very positive trend for that segment that's going to be at or just below our corporate average, but really the near-term growth drivers are in the servers and in the notebooks.
Bernie Blegen: I'd be happy to. Thank you very much, Michael. So as far as the operating expenses, I think that two of the big growth drivers there have been our investment in new products as well as an increase in investment in sales and marketing. And much of this has been achieved through headcount acquisitions. While the pace of those headcount additions is probably going to slow, we'll need to annualize those costs next year, and then on top of that, we will continue to make selective net headcount additions. So the punch line in this is that we're probably going to look at a flattening in our rate of growth and returning to, you know, our expense model, but we don't expect to go, you know, see a decrease in the growth of -- the rate of growth of the operating expenses.
Bernie Blegen: And just to add to that, is that I think you did a good job of saying that the two near-term growth drivers are firmly in place and we're seeing good execution. And then as we look to next year, we believe that the ramp of new product introductions, in particular with the new server opportunity, as well as the modules start to ramp, will be additive to that.
Bernie Blegen: Exactly right. Thank you, giving me the chance to clarify that point. Is that, as we looked at the last two to three years, we've developed relationships with many of the tier 1 and tier 2 server providers. And in the Grantley, the current version, we've sold low dollar content for point of load and for e-fuses [ph]. And as we looked to the transition to the Purley sometime in the fall of next year, we expect also to be able to complement those sales with our V-core [ph] solution. So our dollar content per server will go from $13 per box up to $49 per box. So we're very optimistic with the design wins that we've already seen converting into market share and revenue gains.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. The fourth foundry has been developing quite nicely and in fact almost entirely according to plan. So we're actually very pleased with the development. Now the news that's additive to that is that we've made the decision to be able to transfer more new products into the fourth fab because we find that it's -- the capacity is there to take advantage of, as well as there are certain cost advantages that we've been able to take advantage of. So on that basis, we would see that we're going to continue to invest into next year, albeit at a lower rate, but still there'll be, you know, additional wafer spend and map sets as we bring the new products up in the next two to three quarters.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that we've been consistent there as far as once again it's an area where there's three primary gaming companies and we've been developing relationships primarily with two of them, although not to the exclusion of the third. And once again I think we've seen that we've started out with sort of lower-value content and then been able to further develop those relationships and increase the content. So as we look ahead to design wins that we have solidified for next year, we seem very positive for continuing growth in gaming.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that I'm going to answer this from the inverse as far as some of the areas that were probably not as receptive to go into, and then I can develop the more optimistic form of the answer, is that automotive is an area that we want to be measured where we invest our technology. We're doing a very good job as far as developing our QA and our reliability, but there are areas in the automobile such as the powered train and the ADAS that may not be as high a value to us when you take into account what the risk potential could be. So we'll continue to expand in our areas that we have much more strength as far as the infotainment, as in the body lighting and audio systems, and in certain aspects, both safety as well as in the networking. But we're also making sort of a cautious approach to automotive so that we make sure that we are able to uphold what's best for the company as well as for our shareholders.
Bernie Blegen: And just to sort of complete the thought, what differentiates us is both the power management technology, but as importantly, it's the energy efficiency and the ease of use. And we think that, as we look forward to the adoption rates, particularly as we convert from the predesigned modules into field programmability, we see significant opportunities. We're very committed to this market.
Bernie Blegen: Okay. So again using last year as sort of the baseline for it, servers only accounted for between 10% and 15% of the market segment, and the growth of servers is not quite triple digits but it's in the very high double digits this year.
Bernie Blegen: So if you look at Intel, they're looking at the desktop and the notebook market in total, both the high end and low end. And we're benefiting from sort of an upswing that's occurring currently with both the adoption of our technology into the high-end notebooks, as well as the development of pretty strong performance in the high-end notebook market. So that's what differentiates ourselves I think from their story. And we did have a good performance in Q3 which actually fell in line with our expectations, and we don't necessarily see that same falloff in Q4.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. Metering has actually been growing very, very well. And while we tend to focus primarily on the automotive part of the story of industrial, meter is growing at a rate that is significantly above our corporate average and it's not from an insubstantial base. So when you look industrial, again, as you said, we are very diversified because we also have sources coming -- revenue sources coming from meter as well as security and point-of-sale systems, and all three of those lines are developing quite nicely.
Bernie Blegen: Sequentially, I think if you look at our guidance here, revenue is decreasing in Q4 a little less than normal seasonal average. And really that reflects the diversification because we're seeing sort of flattish performance in the communications and computing. You have a normal sort of seasonal down in consumer and we still see good growth in industrial.
Bernie Blegen: I'd like to thank you all for joining us on the conference call and look forward to talking to you again in the fourth quarter conference call. Thank you and have a happy Halloween.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Both automotive and computing segments are -- where MPS just entered only two or three years in the market. Three years ago we have a zero revenues and now we have a fraction of the total market size. So the opportunity for growth is very big.
Michael Hsing: We don't see it. We have -- we gained more than 10% of number of -- 10% of customers. As a matter of fact, we don't have any. And in the last few years we tried to hard to diversify the company product portfolio and also customer portfolio -- customer profile. And we found out in the last few years that we expand our customer base by, I don't have exact numbers, by four, five times. And probably even more. And so it's a lot more than diversified now. And I will continue our -- in the future, I will continue to see the same trend.
Michael Hsing: I don't see any headwinds and all these products, like servers and like power modules and among the other things, okay, we talk about it, and a lot of them, especially from a computing side, is not really up to MPS, okay? We did what we can and all the seats are planted [ph]. And we see the initial results. And the higher growth, okay, as we expected -- high growth rate and we expected next few years, is all depending on the whether the adoption rate of new models. And this is the same as in all the other area. We have many design win activities and many projects under qualifications, and whether it's -- if we're going the same trend and the growth rate will be much higher than the corporate average in all the segments.
Michael Hsing: Okay, let me, okay, add on this. I don't have -- in terms of a high growth rate in the 2017, okay. As I said it earlier, we expected that. In this near term, and I don't have any crystal ball as everybody else, but I'm very firmly believe and in the future, 2017, 2018, 2019, when everything is in place.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Overall we just do it as we promised. We grow revenues, okay, and we grow the OpEx, less than 60% of the revenue growth. And so last year, everybody criticized us, we go 61%, okay, [inaudible] just 1%. Next year we'll be in the model.
Michael Hsing: The gaming is just like any other segment. We have -- we clearly see our advantage in being, as a matter of fact, in all computing segments. Gaming is a part of it and use a lot of computing power and it's very opportunistic, and we will get the market.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, the automotive, we will be criticized that if we spend money to build up the infrastructures for all these safeties [inaudible]. And now we just play what we can. And we're not explaining the budget.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. As we said -- as I said the last quarter, we didn't do well in the communication area. So, although we gained some high-value targets and we exchanged with low to more in the high value content in the revenue stream. I said we will release some good killer products in the market segment, and that's a quantum state, QS Mod, like we'll have a series of products we're going to announce in this quarter. And if you go to Electronica, we will show it there.
Michael Hsing: It is slow process, okay. We gain market -- many segments of the market accepted it, that from IoT, from industrials, autos and communication segment, even computing, that's in the service, right? And the revenue is ramping but it's still small. It's not that small anymore, but it's ramping. It hasn't really moved the needle yet, the entire company's revenue. That, I expected that will be next few years you will see a significant revenue contributors.
Michael Hsing: The product that we're going to announce is -- we'll have any current up to 500 amp current, up to 500 amp. And everything can be modulized and require a very or no -- very minimal or no design work.
