Michael R. Hsing: Yeah, Tore, the application is a variety of Internet of Things (13:11), okay. If it's related to Internet and also some wearable stuff in sports cameras, and that kind of things, and we see there's a lot more activity in recent years.
Michael R. Hsing: The core power we have a few customers from last year, we start to ramp, and the bulk of a core power ramp would be end of the next year, the early 2017.
Michael R. Hsing: I think the growth will be accelerating and if not like 16% (18:10), will be in 17%s (18:12), and we are really targeting more than 20% growth, and you see the results, just the recent results, this is at the beginning, and since last couple years we released all the right product to the right customers and the result in two or three – in a couple of years – well, two years or three years since last years and that will really accelerate MPS growth.
Michael R. Hsing: The motion controls products we'll release in the first half of next year, and this is the product, not the same as what we do before and before we always have fixed products and you have design wins and once when the product is ready and now there's all – F (19:28) solution based and a lot of them is based on FPGAs and even before we have a product ready, and we could engage with a lot of those customers. And so we have a lot of tremendous design activity going on now.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. The other one is the module ones and the power modules and also the FPB, FPPM (20:07) and Field Programmable Power Modules and the Field Programmable Power IC, FPPC (20:12). And those are still very much on schedule. As we're speaking we're releasing many products now.
Michael R. Hsing: Overall, the R&D growth, okay, and expenses growth will be much less than the revenue growth and you see our history.
Michael R. Hsing: That's the beauty of the MPS, we are in a position we don't know, so okay (25:25). Everything is a good opportunity for MPS.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah, hi, Ruben. I try to convince our shareholders that our inventory is not really like a traditional mature semiconductor company. It's indicating of a future business. I'm guess I'm losing the battles. This is the growth (27:33) company, and we have a lot of product released, and what kind of inventory holds and it really depend on what kind of product that we released. So that's how I can best put it. So slight inventory change, okay, it doesn't mean our futures.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. I'm so far as you know, we talked about, we have a separate chips now, (31:08), and a real e-motion (31:10) chip that we're going to release next year, and those we use – now use a programmable third-party product and that's FPGAs to do the feasibility study in our customers' systems. And so, it's hard to quantify in a dollar sense (31:42), but the SANS (31:44) portion of it we have a – we generate revenues, and I don't know what is the revenue numbers now. It's not small. Well, small means, in our case, it's still – now, small means it's still some millings (31:58), okay, and for the entire next years.
Michael R. Hsing: Okay, to them it's shocking and the good or bad and the good things is, wow, you can do this. And then now is the bad thing is really a behavior change. Okay. People change the design their system in a different way. And they don't have to use the encoders (32:46). They don't have to use the step models, and they don't have to use a brushed model anymore. And there's a momentum, think the brushless models, whether encoders (33:02) costs very, very high, and now when you look at this solution, its cost is so low. And overall they had to get over this barrier somehow in terms of how they design in their system. And so obviously, and it is a large market segment in like a printers and some of the traditional robots and they were adopting a first, and so still these are design cycles – is a one year or just a couple of years.
Michael R. Hsing: That's a very sensitive question, (34:34), yeah. And let me answer in that way. Our long-term shareholder, everything what we do is affect us three years, four years out. So, for the long-term investors and have the same kind of a length and so then our company's goals is perfectly lined up with our investors, but other long term is shorter than three years, four years, like one year to two years, then it's a not quite aligned with it. We published the models and we're going to grow the OpEx in slightly less than half of a revenue growth, which to me doesn't quite make sense and – but we balanced our shareholders' interest there.
Michael R. Hsing: It doesn't really affect us, okay, in terms of automotive. We're more into lighting, infotainment, and more the lightings, all kinds of lightings, okay. You have security, okay, you have lightings and illuminations, and okay (36:47), also the dashboards and we have – the other one is the camera side, and okay (36:55). So we have a lot of design activities, and it really doesn't affect.
Michael R. Hsing: They are (38:59), I think they do some current sensing. The current sensing and I don't know if you refer that one. I know – there's a product release and there's a current (39:08) – integrated with a current sensing. The current sensing – the model (39:13) driver, we released two years ago. These are...
Michael R. Hsing: Our sensing is the sensing that rotor of the models and that's a Siemens (39:26) technology. So it's entirely different.
Michael R. Hsing: Well, Tore, I might – as I added, okay (41:06), and give you a longer story. Four years ago, we sell up this model, two years ago, we – and four years ago, we are changing – we changed our focus, and then we start knocking on the door for these new customers. And two years ago, we were in the door. And two years later, we have a lot more product. And what I see is why we are not – why we are now in a grow 15%, 18% a year, why not faster? And all the products that we released in the last couple of years, it will indicate in 2017 and 2018 will grow faster. So, this is at the beginning.
Michael R. Hsing: And you can look at our product and our design cycles. Four years ago, we started knocking on doors and with existing product and, again, two years ago, we're in the door and we engage with all these auto customers and we design specifically for automotive. These products will be – since two years ago will be four years later, which is 2016/2017 and 2016/2017, we're getting to productions, so these are very predictable and very sustainable revenues.
Meera Rao: Sure. As we have done in the past, anytime we hear any suggestions of macro weakness, we typically hold inventory in the channel and that's what we have done now for two quarters in a row. And as you're aware, if we continuously keep it down, there's sometimes panic of shortage, so we'll continue to watch inventory in the channel and manage it as low as we can without generating any panic.
Meera Rao: Most of the traditional market is – the traditional gateway market is something that's got lower gross margins, so it's not a market that we pursue aggressively. So if the demand is low, we just let it play out. We are more strategically focused on other markets, which have higher gross margin profile.
Meera Rao: No. One of the things you would have noticed is we have reduced our OpEx a little bit this quarter on the fourth foundry, and you'll see that spill over into the first half of next year. So we continue to invest in our fourth foundry.
Meera Rao: You know, at this point we don't give guidances for Q1, so we tend to look at – seasonally, we are typically down 5% to 10%, then it's a question of how much growth do we have to offset it and more importantly what's the macro. So at this point, I can't give any color on Q1.
Meera Rao: So in terms of R&D, as well as sales and marketing, we will continue to invest because everything that we do in terms of resources we bring on board next year actually sets us up even better for growth a year or two out. So we will continue to do that, but we expect at the end of the day, they'll be leverage to the bottom line. Places where we'll spend on R&D, one is going to be the fourth foundry, the bring up the foundry. The second is going to be on differentiated products, which are targeting at different markets, some of which we have discussed in the past, some of which we will be discussing over the next year or two.
Meera Rao: Sure. When we look at computing, in storage, SSD storage, we had a new design win that started ramping up for us in Q3 and that was part of the growth. In Q4, as far as storage is concerned, I see two things playing out. We typically sell our SSD products both to enterprise as well as high-end client, and there's usually seasonal weakness in both Q4 and Q1 on the high-end PC side of it. The second I think, overall, there is some softness in both HDD and SSD, particularly as we go into Q4. In terms of our communications, a lot of the weakness that we're seeing there has been in our gateway business. These are things like modems, routers, LAN cards that are sold to the home and the home office. There's also a little bit of weakness, I would say, in the networking and telecom side of the business, and there it's a mix of wired markets as well as wireless, so we're seeing a little bit, but I'd say more of the weakness is in the gateway side of the house.
Meera Rao: In terms of the auto momentum, we typically record (24:37) six weeks to eight weeks lead time to our customers, except for a few new products, which might have a slightly longer one, and we have not seen any change from that standpoint. I mean, we are – I guess, we are in so many different markets that we never feel comfortable quite calling the macro. We depend upon our larger, more stable competitors to call them macro for us. So if I were to say markets where we have seen some weakness, I would say it's in the traditional gateway business for the home, home office. I'd also say there's some in storage. Beyond that, I couldn't really comment about the macro.
Meera Rao: Sure. Our typical range is about 30 days to 45 days of inventory. And we typically prefer to hold in the upper half of that, so we have not seen any particular push from distributors to hold less. This has been more something that we have actively managed and we have done in prior years as well, whenever we start seeing signs of a macro weakness, we start managing the inventory and the channel to the best we can so that the days come down and that's what you see played out for the second time.
Meera Rao: Yes. Add on to that, in terms of the inventory, the internal inventories that we hold, we are now at about 147 days. Internal model is about 135 days to 155 days, and we expect in the next few quarters, there'll be more around the 150 days for all the reasons that Michael talked about, particularly the new products, as well as inventory needed to support our strategic customers.
Meera Rao: So, when we look out into 2016, I'd expect to see growth in computing, consumer, and industrial markets. Communications, I'm guessing, is going to be mostly flat. And all the revenue drivers are essentially all the different drivers we have talked about in the past. I continue to believe that industrial is going to see strong growth next year with automotive markets leading the way, but you'd also expect to see growth in smart meters, in security, in power sources. In consumer, we expect to see the newer high value markets continue to grow and in the computing section, it would be SSDs, servers, as well as high (30:13), and a module business would also continue to grow and AC-DC, which is distributed among all these markets, would also be growing next year. So, we expect to see multiple areas of growth.
Meera Rao: I mean, we have seen it be one quarter like we did last year. The two years prior to that, it was each two quarters. Before that, it has been three. When it comes to macro weaknesses and stuff, we just don't feel comfortable. I can look at it afterwards and say what we saw. I want to emphasize again that the gateway business is low margin and we just play in opportunistically. So we don't spend a lot of time doing any soul searching in the space.
Meera Rao: Yeah. So e-motion product stocking (39:31) is much more advanced than the products that you were just talking about.
Meera Rao: I think it's a combination, right. I mean, we have multiple growth drivers, we are playing in different markets, some markets we are growing market share. So, as a result of all that, we have actually continued to see growth. I mean, that is the key reason why we were focusing so much on diversification. It helps us at a time like this. Yes, we see weakness in a few markets, but we kind of see growth in a whole lot of other markets and that's, I think, what's really helping us at times like this. It really showcases the strength of the diversification model.
Meera Rao: So we actually had a positive effect to interest income line from foreign currency. This is more on payments, our payments to our subsidiaries, there's a foreign exchange difference and it turned out to be positive. So typically when we give guidance, we guide it to a $0 of gain or loss because we don't know until each quarter plays out whether it's a gain or a loss. We have had quarters of loss, and we have had quarters of gain. So what we guide to specifically is the pure interest income portion of it.
Meera Rao: I think you will see the seasonal – seasonality play out in the gateway portion of communications. You will see some seasonal impact on the SSD for the high end computing, consumer, of course. Industrial, I think, will relatively have less of a seasonal play and that's the best I can describe at this point. As you know, with such a distributed revenue base, we are actually dependent on the resales (44:20) reports we get to actually pinpoint which markets we sell into.
Meera Rao: Lighting has – is one of these markets where we haven't seen seasonality play in before – in the fourth quarter and it's a market where we continue to do well because we play in the high-end of the market with a very good dimming solutions, and so we continue to see that play out.
Meera Rao: So what we are seeing is mostly revenue that we got from design wins that we got about four years ago and since then every year we have increased the pace of our design wins here. We started with infotainment and then we have gone on to safety and...
Meera Rao: ...lighting and a whole bunch of other products. So like Michael said, we are not under the hood, thankfully, at this point, but we see on an annual basis there are more and more design wins. So when we look at revenues for automotive, we are increasingly confident that we will see higher revenues each year looking at next year's...
Meera Rao: I'd like to thank you all for joining us on this call and look forward to talking to you again at our next earnings call in February. Thank you and have a nice day. Bye-bye.
