Rick Neely: Yeah, Steve, I’ll start out and then Steve Pratt, our Marketing Director is also with us on the call and he may chip in later.  Yes, you’re correct. There’s three elements to the revenue drop. One is we lost some business at several premium TV makers that was a 6 to $7 million reduction in the quarterly revenue outlook. There’s another 6 to $7 million that we would call seasonality or low-demand combination. And then the 4 to $5 million of just your inventory that we ended up at the end of Q3, more inventory in our distribution channel than we normally have. That 4 to $5 million that we burned off in Q4, so that’s 4 to 5 million distributor inventory, 6 to 7 million seasonality and demand and 6 to 7 million of the loss of business in the Korean TV market. 
Rick Neely: Well, I think that’s going to depend on demand. We usually don’t like to go out and give any outlook for Q1. We’re probably going to stick with that process. So I would just assume normal seasonality for Q1 at this point. 
Rick Neely: That’s a good question, Bob. Yes, the outlet that we talked about, there’s about a 3 percentage point hit to our gross margin in the Q4 guidance because of that. And as you know, we had a huge demand this year. We put in the capacity in terms of testers, people, building – increased the size of the building, moved people out into an RD building and so forth to be able to handle $70 million plus.  So in the near term, when the revenue drops significantly from say 65.7 to the 45 to $50 million range, we can’t adjust that capacity. So as capacity – as revenues improve next year, we should be able to absorb that. We can’t predict when that’s going to be, but when we get closer to $60 million in revenue we should be able to absorb most of that manufacturing capacity. That really relieved our test area. 
Rick Neely: We expect to do 20 to 25 million in CapEx this year, and that’s relative to finishing off the building in Chengdu and so forth. Our typical CapEx is around 10 to $12 million a year. So we’re about double this year because of the new building and additional testers. 
Rick Neely: No, I think it’s a one-quarter phenomena of an overshoot. I think you’ve heard a few other companies talk about excess distributed inventory as well in their calls. And all the – remember, in the first two quarters of the year we had no inventory. The distributors had about 30 days and they weren’t even at the – in Q2 they were at the lower end of the range and some of them were underneath the range.  So up until probably September, they never had enough parts. A lot of our parts ran allocations until recently and the lead time has only recently come down. So the distributors were left with the dilemma of – I’ve had 16–week lead times, where if you didn’t put a four-month border in, and remember, MPS normally hs 6 and 8-week lead times, and we generally turn half our business every quarter.  So our distributor normally doesn’t have to put any new business in front of you for maybe 8 to 10 weeks out. Now we’re telling them to put an order out in 16 weeks head. So he’s got to do that, or he can’t get the parts. So the tradeoff is, do I keep the order, do I push it out, do I disappoint my customers? So they kept holding onto their backlogs until September-October when clearly there’s a lower demand. You can see the TV business is getting down, the monitor business is down, other consumer products are down.  So for Q4, it’s not an issue of the being able to sell, they’ll simply sell it through in Q4, but they won’t be ordering as much from us, and I think that’s pretty much a near-term correction.  The only other comment I can say to that is, you know, we don’t really know what the Q1-Q2 demands are going to be, but I don’t think it would be related to – we should get most that inventory flushed out in Q4. Vernon Essi – Needham & Company: Right. Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Rick Neely: I think it’s reflective of you’ve got to get the – you’ve got to get your volume revenues up to absorb it. Again, it’s mostly fixed costs, so when we get to those revenue levels that Michael talked about, that’s when it would be fully absorbed. It will be partially absorbed along the way, but – 
Rick Neely: Well, on the fab side, or on the test side it’s, you know, or cycle time is pretty short. In getting back, your other question, I can understand it better. We are still using the wafers we bought earlier in the year. There’s a three-month cycle time and then we’ve actually, since our demand has dropped, we are currently slowing down our labor purchases, but we still have in our fab whip line all the higher-priced wafers and that will continue through Q4 at least and probably into Q1. We had said that before that when we said in the last conference call we expect a 54 to 56% all year because of those higher-priced wafers; we weren’t going to be able to get them out of our web through this year and now it looks like that’s true for sure and will probably go somewhat into Q1. 
Rick Neely: With backlog, we don’t give out backlog numbers because as they said, they’re not a reliable indicator in the quarter. But we do try and put our guidance together such that we’re comfortable with the revenue guidance range I would say we’re comfortable with the revenue guidance range that we put out. 
Rick Neely: Well, we actually don’t do the book-to-bill for the same reason as we’re a high-turns business and usually do 50/50. This is also been a very unusual nine months for the company. We’ve had more backlog than we’ve ever had because we’ve had parts in allocation. We’ve often had backlog much higher than these. Back in Q3 we had backlog higher than the quarter number because a lot of people were ordering parts we couldn’t deliver. We couldn’t even schedule them.  So looking at those numbers hasn’t really been able to help us out on the booking side. What we really see this quarter is when people took – the distributors took the orders and they rescheduled them into different periods, we didn’t release any cancelations, we just did what we call push out to reschedule. The distributor still wants the parts, they just don’t want as many in the current period.  So mostly in Q4, the bookings number wouldn’t tell you the activity, it’s really the backlog is in good shape, it’s mostly been rescheduled from the Q3 time, Q4 time. 
Rick Neely: I’m just trying to clarify the question. You said, we expect – and this is a design loss, so they would carry forward into the next quarter if that’s your question. Nicholas Burley [ph] Janney Capital Markets: Are there more designs that are coming behind us that are going to be lost, or is this just one design cycle that all the sudden is just turning off and going – 
Rick Neely: Okay. So there’s a combination. There’s some accounts where the design will carry over into 2011 and then there are other opportunities where we have to catch the next design cycle which happens also in 2011. So some are shorter term than others. 
Rick Neely: Thank you everybody for – this was a long call and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Thanks. 
Michael Hsing: Yes. That’s what we’ve planned to have, and the market is not very stable, although in the last few weeks we see the demand has stabilized and now we’re planning for a normal seasonality – a seasonal change in the Q1 quarters. 
Michael Hsing: At this time, clearly we’re still buying higher wafer – higher-priced wafers. And as a fab capacity normally the price will reduce. It hasn’t happened now.
Michael Hsing: Okay. Well, this is Michael. As we said it before, you know, in your conference, we completely change – upgraded our sales force and we have all new management in place now. 
Michael Hsing: No. We see – this is Michael. We see the AC to DC power, it’s a big market and we’re selectively chose some very high-energy efficiency related product. We address only those to those market. That’s included in, as Steve said earlier in the LED lighting applications. 
Michael Hsing: Yes. As Rick said, earlier it’s kind of a disappointment in – but overall the company is in a good foundation and we haven’t changed any – have any strategy shift. In the first nine months we demonstrate we can go to topline and we can increase the bottom lines by huge amount. And we’ll continue that path. However, in the next couple of quarters, we do have a big hole to fill because the absence of Korean TV market. But in the few quarter after that, we believe we can grow out of that. Evan Wang – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you for answering my question. 
Michael Hsing: Well, okay, all things equal, other than after the wafer cost reduced to a normal level, to a previous level, because we anticipated a huge growth in this year, we didn’t bought a lot of expensive wafers. And if we – if the price goes back to – down to the normal levels and if everything else keep it the same, and if we keep – we have a runway up to 50 to $60 million revenue per quarter, our gross margin will be somewhere in about 54 to 56% level. 
Michael Hsing: And LED. We still have a lot of revenue and we expect it to get in the 2011. The only setback is in the TV side, which – DC DC in for TV application, which we exposed in the – we have a very large exposure in the first nine months. 
Michael Hsing: Actually, our ASP is a very stable throughout the years. So customer now – customer is always out for lower – lower price and I think it’s a bigger issue for us is still dealing with the shipment allocation we just gone through that and that’s our biggest relationship issues with our customers. Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Michael Hsing: Okay. I’ll start first and then Steven can. It is a very large well-established market. At the same time there’s a lot of new requirements, EnergyStar and the European Code of Conduct, and also in China and Japan have a similar kind of requirements. That opened the door for MPS because we have these high-voltage technology, a process technology. We can – we have the capability as we go over a 1,000 volts on one – on the integrated power – version. So we don’t use a discrete device. There are very unique technologies and because of these new requirements, new regulations, they’ve really opened the door for a company like MPS. 
Michael Hsing: We are not talking about either general adopters for notebooks. Some are small, very ultra-mobile if you will and also these are mobile units and these require a very small, ultra-small adapters. Those are the areas we can provide value. Brian Piccioni – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Thanks for the background. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
Michael Hsing: Oh no. All our new product we have introduced in the last couple of years and while in progress, still we can make a comment on it. All these LDLs as Rick said earlier, we start to have revenue ramping. 
Steve Pratt: Yeah. Hey, Gus, this is Steve. So you know, I have to go back a little bit in time to answer this question in full.  In 2008 we saw the transition from CCFL business to white LED. So we went into 2009 really attacking all the sockets, all the opportunities we could, especially in the TV and monitor business, and we did a great job. That was reflected in our growth in 2010 revenue. You compound that success in our market penetration with the TV market exploding in 2010, which was unforecasted caught us by surprise. We spent two quarters not being able to deliver to the customers real demand and that pain felt at the customer level in some cases, they eventually had to seek other alternatives. In certain specific applications, specifically TVs and monitors, and impacted us most in the Korean market.  Is it permanent? No. In some cases it’s shorter term and other cases it’s building back up that relationship and catching the next design cycle. 
Steve Pratt: Yeah, sure. So some of – I answered some of this in the previous question, but just to follow up, you know, it’s ongoing with the TV market and Korea. In some customers it’s getting back the relationship, and we have not – really the biggest hit for MPS has been one application segment and that’s the TVs and monitors. So in other – in the large customers where they’re broad based and they’re into other applications such as networkings and [inaudible]. There is an overall MPS short-term issue at the accounts. They haven’t removed us, they haven’t found an alternative across the board in every application. Really, it was a select number of products focused in one application segment and we have to grow our way back in there. We have to get our reputation back in order and that will take some time.  And another significant TV monitor customer in Korea, we basically worked with them on making some tough choices in a particular design cycle and so our opportunity is as soon as the next design cycle in 2011. 
Steve Pratt: There’s SST, there’s Top Box, there’s General networking, there’s cards, networking cards. There’s also the – 
Steve Pratt: And just to add a little bit more color on this, the market is huge. So like we’ve said earlier, we – our strategy is to really focus on the solution sell. So our first targets are where we’re already into existing accounts where the system is transitioning to meet EnergyStar requirements and have to switch their systems to have better light-load efficiency. For example, a set-top box, we’re already well entrenched into that space. It’s relatively easy for us to migrate in to the AC offline section there. Another good example is white LED lighting, the illumination segment of that. That’s an easier solution for MPS where we can add some value there completing the solution from AC all the way to DC driving the LEDs. Another example is where they meet the highest efficiency performance, like an adaptor. Some of the set-top boxes use adapters. That would be a target, adaptors for notebooks that are trying to get smaller, higher efficiency, less power dissipation, no load deficiency. 
