Bernie Blegen: Tore, thanks for commenting on the $1 billion run rate. Yes, if you compare ourselves against Q3, obviously, that was a high watermark. So probably a more relevant comparison is against Q4 of 2019. And on that basis, we're expecting all of our major markets to be up significantly from the prior year. And then, when you do the comparison against Q3, you'll see that there'll probably be declines in communications and computing and also in consumer, the consumer is seasonally adjusted but we'll still expect to see improvements in industrial and automotive.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think as we acknowledged in Q3 that we were able to catch up as far as having adequate capacity in order to service near-term demand and in giving guidance for Q4 that expectation follows along. When we look ahead over the course of the next 24 months, we previously mentioned that we're entering into new relationships with other fabs and expect to grow our overall capacity. So this will be an ongoing investment that we would project for at least about the next six quarters.
Bernie Blegen: The previous metrics that we had been using were about 20 days lower, but we've really made this change as far as what we've been trying to explain to the analysts and to investors over the course of about the last two to three quarters. But nonetheless, I do want to address your question, which is in order for us to sustain the level of growth that we have in excess of our market, the industry that we have to have a higher level of inventory, so in other words, there is a mismatch. In other words, we are building the inventory today, but we're not going to -- for the sales that will occur one or two quarters out. And so it's not a perfect reflection for other companies where they're not growing as fast. They can maintain lower levels in terms of days, but here, again, we have to make an incremental investment in order to allow to support our growth.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. And I think that you captured it very well is that obviously, our model has been to improve gross margin 10 to 20 basis points sequentially. Now a lot of factors weigh into being able to deliver against those results, including both our mix of business as well as what the market looks like. So again, you have to use these as guidelines, not as an absolute guarantee of what our performance will look like. And then, on the operating expenses, right now, we are going to be continuing to invest in capacity as I said in each of the next six quarters. So that will be an additional layer of investment from what we've seen and so as a result we're not projecting our operating margins to improve significantly over the course of the next two years.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can just add to that is that. I really think that there are certain aspects of our business that we have in good control, as Michael hit on as far as the design wind activity, but right now, we do not have control over what the end customer demand is ultimately going to be about. So I think that as far as executing against our strategy and seeing it show up in our results, I think we're going to continue along that path but there are just too many factors for us, it would be pure speculation at this point.
Bernie Blegen: And I think what we're seeing here is that, as I said, in the guidance that we offered is it anticipates both the demand, including the backlog that we had coming into the quarter and it's matched with what our supply chain and capacity limits are. So I guess that I would probably offer that we have some ability for upside, but it's going to be a little bit limited by supply chain.
Bernie Blegen: I would probably say that automotive is one of the more exciting end markets for us for the next several years. Now if you look at our track record in 2019 and 2020, 2019 was affected by the recession, 2020 by factory closings related to the COVID-19 pandemic. So again, those are circumstances that were largely outside of our control. But what we're seeing is that we're expanding now from our traditional infotainment base into some of these more exciting technologies, including the lighting systems, the ADAS and the autonomous driving. So we think that this is a sustainable revenue growth should be well ahead of what our corporate average is going to be. At one time, we were promoting the concept of being able to grow consistently at 20% to 60% per year, but that would probably back off of that down to a more reasonable between 30% and 40%, but still a very exciting end market for us.
Bernie Blegen: But I think you go back to what our competitive basis is, and it really is that we're winning with superior technology and a higher level of customer service and I think that's what our customers are recognizing as far.
Bernie Blegen: And I think that in the past, securing fab capacity and being able to introduce new products at the rate that we are is really nothing new to MPS. But the scale has been getting bigger and so that's why the investments and the time that we have to plan ahead makes a difference. And so all we're doing is preparing both for the capacity but also recognizing acknowledging the investment that goes with it.
Bernie Blegen: I didn't know that there's an even higher arching strategy here where e-commerce is a significant part of and it's really how do you go after underserved customers. And what was surprising to me is, we did look at the last three years as far as how many customers did we have that were under $100,000 and how is that base growing. Because if you can use the linear model, where what they used to do is get in there early...
Bernie Blegen: ..linear technology, getting there early and then develop these long-term relationships and then you grow with their growth. And so as a part of that strategy, I think we're -- the numbers I looked at, we're doing a very good job. They're starting to bear dividends.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. The eMotion is right in that sort of transition phase because we have a lot of design wins that are going in. So last year, the revenue run rate was somewhere in the $10 million to $12 million, but now the doubling is going to start, particularly as we go into both automotive and industrial applications.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. We're seeing substantial movement on both. We probably started out earlier on the desktop, where we started generating revenues with this about 18 months to two years ago. And now we're moving into the data center where we actually are starting to ramp and in particular, 48 volt for artificial intelligence. So the opportunities are significant, but we're still at the very early stages of this market. So fundamentally, we're very well positioned, but it's still going to be another year or two before we still -- we move the dial with revenue ramp.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thanks, Gen. I would like to thank you all for joining us for this conference and look forward to talking to you again about our fourth quarter results which will likely be in early February. Thank you and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Let me add. As you remember, end of the last year and we are at around 200 days of inventory. If we use that model and to meet this year growth, that probably -- that's about the right numbers. That's the basis that's where this 20 more days come from. And so if you go to a little more details and MPS is a fabulous company, and yet, we have own technologies. This is very unique. I can't think of any of our competitors, they're in the same way of manufacturing and they do to fulfill their manufacturing. Most of them, they have their own fab. And so given the volatilities and also given the growth that we have and also number of product and address all the greenfield market segment, we need probably more than 200 days inventories.
Michael Hsing: Let me answer that question. If you're talking about normal seasonality then the outlook is great. And we have so many design in activities and we see so many award projects and as well as you know as well as I know, these were in unprecedented era, pandemics and geopolitical issues and I can't predict and frankly, I care less.
Michael Hsing: Well, as the December quarter -- go into December quarters, we are still facing delinquencies. So the capacity is still limited.
Michael Hsing: Bernie  talking. Okay. Frankly, I don't have clear pictures. And what's the growth? Frankly, I never put MPS' as we have to grow a certain percentage, okay? And what I'm looking at it is, what kind of product, which project and how well we're positioned and which customers, which projects we want designing. And a lot more importantly, okay, what kind of products in the pipeline. That really drives the top line. And so how we predicted what's the next lowest growth percentage, I can't tell you.
Michael Hsing: Well, we had a lot of pulling from Q3 and partially in Q4. As I said earlier, we're still facing delinquencies. And so I think that's a combination of the growth and also in a capacity shortage from that past. Okay.
Michael Hsing: Well, if the market slows down, we're going to get there quickly. Again, and this is -- we're at uncomfortable levels. I can meet that. And so we want to increase as much as we can. And now our engineers working the fabs, okay, working at the different fabs and to get the -- to qualify the process and technologies. And so, we hope that in the next six months, we can catch up.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. The first question is, yes, absolutely, okay. We said earlier this year, we expanded another 12-inch fab, wasn't in our plan, but we hurried up and get that thing going. And we start shipping product in Q3. That's unprecedented and thanks to our people. And they really worked in day and night to manage and qualify these products. Going forward, we just want to expand the capacity to reach 180 to 200 days inventory. And going in the future, if we have a very linear world and then it is very easy to calculate. I think we are living in a very non-linear environment and 200 days inventory, that's what we want to do.
Michael Hsing: Our ASPs increasing and when we move to high-end market segments. And so, our competitions are always pretty similar. I mean our customer doesn't even know MPS' is $1 billion. There are no MPS. MPS is very small potatoes against all these giants.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. Obviously, the $1.2 billion is not enough. And if you want to building a fast on the 200 days inventories, it's more than double it right now. So that's what we try to do and it's not easy and that's what we're aiming for, just double it.
Michael Hsing: I think 5G overall at an early stage. And all I can say now that we engage with all the 5G station makers. And we do have a designing activity and we do have award projects but it's not significant revenue yet.
Michael Hsing: If the market slows down, we're going to do that next quarter. If the demand is still that strong, we continue to face that. And we see some not as bad as last quarters -- last two quarters.
Michael Hsing: Well, Huawei is not our supplier. But SMIC, it is our supplier. So far, it's not affecting us, and we don't know. We can't speculate, what does all these policy means that came in. But on the other hand and we diversified our foundry sources. We're starting from a beginning of this year. We speed it up.
Michael Hsing: Well, we can say zero or some non-zero, and so far, we cannot ship. But there is other rules and regulations coming out and all the other permits, I mean, we cannot speculating or what kind of things we can do and it's all depending on our government now.
Michael Hsing: Well, as I said, the world is not linear. And I remember and I was facing a lot of, I was facing a lot of questions about when our model is like a 20% to 25% growth rate. In 2016, 2017 or 2015, 2016 and we will criticize you will never get there, although we're somewhere around 17%, 18%. And you asked so many times, you forced me say it at the time. I think around 2016, I said that -- but 2018, 2019, we're going to get it over 20%. And that comment is pulling off from my ears, this is not a science. I mean in a non-linear world, it's very difficult to predict. And so I said earlier, we only can anticipate it and by staffing the inventories and by stock inventories. And just get ready, and of course, and the world crashes. Of course, we're not we're going to start to depleting inventories. And we're not building as many as much and so we can modulate the inside a little bit. But for the growth rate, I see all these designing activities and all these projects, I will say last couple of years is better than two, three years before. And we awarded a lot more high-value products, high-value sockets.
Michael Hsing: We didn't prepare the numbers. We're doing really good. And I thought that there was nobody going to ask the question because...
Michael Hsing: It is okay. I feel, I can say, we've figured out the way to do it. And so until we prove ourselves wrong again. The new website as I think you see it. It's very different and we increased a whole lot more clicks and the customers stay on the pages for a lot longer. And also, we're creating a virtual labs and that part also helps the e-commerce. So we don't have the product FAEs and have them pounding the payment to generate opportunities and we're using the Web site. And the numbers and the increase by increased weekly and I'm very pleased and so we're talking about a few hundred percentage increase from a small number. It doesn't mean a lot, but for us and we learned it. That's the trick. That's the area we're going to do. We're going to enhance that.
Michael Hsing: And from a small base. And that is a significant and it has happened in the last few years. And now clearly, we can put the metrics. And so, an old saying is that, what you measure what you get. And we know how -- start to know how to -- what to measure and that's to me, is very important. But I'm looking at the revenue-wise, it became meaningful, but I don't have clear details. I don't want to have a pull out my higher numbers.
Michael Hsing: Finding good people as always hard. All these good company that keep the good people and that's always a challenge. And so we know that we need a diversified. And that came in a lot of times in the last 10, 15 years or more likely the last 20 years. We have a lot of people from China came in. And now two or four, five years ago, we migrated to Europe and the Taiwan and outside of the Mainland China. Now in the last couple of years, it will come back to U.S., and we do see, not necessarily in the Bay Area but other parts of the countries, we do find some talents there.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And I think we're building solutions and as most of the time, the first chip will have some bugs, it's  and we are building a prototype. We still can't put in a system yet now.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I think we use that e-commerce platform to promote those products. And that eMotion side, I think the revenues, I had to say some number now otherwise I don't know whether you guys think of whether I do have numbers. I want to have Bernie's. Sometimes it increase almost double. The motion side.
Michael Hsing: The modules started with a smaller base, like a few hundred percent increase. That was $30 million, $40 million.
Michael Hsing: No. It's a small part of it is due to delinquencies. I mean this is a new market segment. And people order from online and we never see those. I mean, it is not our own internet and our own Web site from our distributors and these are very small customers. They never all those parts before. And that's although the numbers is small, but the revenue is still small, but the large number of our customers and they use -- these are plug-and-play modules. And so what and they can just plug-in and they don't have to do any design. And since you mentioned the programming portion and that's part of what we learned that our customer doesn't even want to do programs. They want us to do it. And so we created virtual labs and customer tell us what they want and we show, in our labs, we program everything and then we ship. So now what we are talking about, it's really a custom design for each customer and that is taking off and I'm very glad to see it.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And so that's something we learned and I'm a former engineering. I'm skilled engineer, our people and we created a great product that we see it and we're reporting like 30 parameters, 70 parameters on the Web site. They can program it and they can see what the result from simulations. And it turned out to be and we put a lot there nobody looking at it and we're wondering why. So we reduced to half and then we cut another half the reduced to five, six, seven, they still don't want to see it. And they want to pick the numbers in a total, you do that for me and that's great. We can do the work, they pay for it. That's fine.
Michael Hsing: Those are AR, Bernie is talking about, these are over 1,000 watts, and it's not 200 or 300 or 400-watt levels. If you get to that high level, you're only talking about only a few companies, they can supply those types of product. Again, in I think we are in good positions and -- but always can be better.
Will Stein: Okay. That helps a lot. If I can have one quick follow-up. The guidance, while great overall on revenue and EPS, the margins are a little bit different from what maybe some would have expected. And Bernie, I'm just wondering if you can tell us if the model we should be thinking about, which historically was that gross would grow at 10 to 20 bps a quarter. And op margin, either there was a, I guess, change in that view that perhaps we wouldn't get an operating margin leverage for the next year or two. Maybe you could just update us on that model for both those lines.
Will Stein: OpEx, I think, is that right? In other words, op margin would just expand with gross, which is 10 to 20 bps a quarter? Or...
Will Stein: Follow-up from before. We're just -- someone else asked about e-commerce, but I'm hoping you might give us an update on the eMotion and module business and maybe the programmable traction generally. I think about these as sort of separate from e-commerce, maybe they're not as separate but an update on this part of it would be really helpful.
Will Stein: And is the strength that you're seeing there at all related to the pull-ins and delivering against delinquencies that you had previously or is this part of the rest of the business? What I want to think of as core that might not have...
Will Stein: And just a final comment there is on the modules, they're not necessarily tied to any one end market. They're actually very broad-based, initially, we thought that they would be plug-and-play solutions, particularly for prototyping or small volumes, but it turns out that they're actually going to mainstream production.
