Bernie Blegen: Sure. I'll take that, Quinn. As far as the initial ramp that we've been experiencing over about the last four quarters, we've really seen or benefited from the acceleration of demand for these applications and solutions. As we look ahead, we see a broadening of the number of market participants or customers that will be participating in that. But at the same time, we also believe that competition within the supply chain will continue. So for a majority of the period to-date, we've enjoyed a pretty high percentage of market share, but expect that to decrease as we introduce second and third suppliers.
Bernie Blegen: And one final comment on content is that with each following generation of new products that are being introduced for AI, the power requirements are increasing. And at this point, we have a belief that the dollar content will go up per server. But at this point, it's very hard to gauge that.
Bernie Blegen: So I think that there has been some softness that has occurred in Q3 of last -- Q3 and Q4 of last year that was observable both for IC and EVs. And as we said in our earlier comments and it applies to automotive, we don't have great visibility beyond just the next quarter. So it's hard for us to predict with the second-half of ‘24, the ramp might look like for automotive.
Bernie Blegen: And Stage 1, for us, at least, is represented about 20%, 25% of the dollar content of Stage 2, and we expect to see the incremental ramp from these products in Q1 and Q2.
Bernie Blegen: Matt, I'll take the second question then on the guidance as far as what we're looking at for Q1 here. The growth driver is remains the enterprise data. The positive there is that in addition to AI, we're also seeing incremental positive demand for our traditional CPU data center solutions. When you look at the other groups, you -- basically, we see a flattening in comms, but then we see declines that sort of range between the high single digits and low double digits in the sequential growth between Q4 and Q1 for the other groups. Does that answer your question, Matt. Gen, I think we can move to the next one.
Bernie Blegen: And just to give people a refresh of what the model is that Will is referring to is, generally speaking, we outperformed the market by 10 to 15 percentage points and in the stable market conditions where it's growing between about 5% and 8%, it's easy to assume that would be between 15% and 20% growth. On the gross margin or range that we targeted about on a non-GAAP basis, is between 55% and 60%. And then when the environment is more predictable, we look to be able to grow gross margin 10 to 15 percentage points -- or basis points on quarterly successive quarters.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I can take that one. So as a reminder, the model is days on our balance sheet between 180 to 200 days. We came in at about the low 170s this quarter, which was really a reflection of how we have been managing our inventory in this uncertain environment. Having said that, we've started a lot of wafer starts ahead of what we believe will be a potential upside certainly in the next few quarters. As far as the channel, that's been a difficult aspect of this market for everybody. And we've had our share of putting inventory in the channel, but I'm very happy to report that over the last three quarters, it's been coming down appreciably. And we're right now just a little bit above our model.
Bernie Blegen: And Travis, it's an excellent question because I think to align with Michael's point there is that the strength of MPS as far as resilience in different market conditions, is the breadth of the customer base and not have high levels of concentration. Now obviously, with this environment where it has been generally weak except for AI we're in sort of an unusual profile, but we don't expect that to last over the next couple three years.
Bernie Blegen: So I think the way to look at it is that we anticipated softness in the storage market. And so as a result, we became more competitive on notebooks an accepted lower-margin business. And it was offsetting declines, particularly in SSD where we've seen a decline. We increased share with a lot of the major customers in the SSD market, but their business was in decline for much of 2023. And then the other positive in the group is that we saw the initial ramp of DDR5 during the year and also graphic cards expanded pretty nicely during the year. So this is a group that has different characteristics and net-net did pretty okay in a pretty difficult market.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So what really generates interest with our customers is when they see the new product launches at both Intel and AMD ramping and we do the power management for both of those. And I think that as we observed in the last year or even 18 months that the most recent versions of their products have been delayed. And so we've experienced a slower ramp as far as being able to increase share or content on those platforms. But at least initially, is it was observing for Q1 as well as for the balance of '24, we see that both of those ramps starting to improve and that we'll participate with them. At this point, we don't have any reason to doubt our earlier projections as far as overall share opportunity between 20% and 30%. But right at this particular moment, it's hard to say what we have.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thank you very much, everybody. I'd like to thank you for joining us on this conference call, and look forward to talking to you again in our first quarter which will be in late April. And just to add to that, at that time, we'll be introducing a new format for this call. We will provide you content and context on how the end markets have performed in a written manner, and then we will use the conference call portion more for Q&A. So we believe that, that will be a more efficient use of your time and ours and also more complete communication. So with that, I will thank you. And again, I look forward to seeing you again in April.
Michael Hsing: But overall, the overall added -- overall, the market segment is and grow very rapidly. And we're expanding our production lines and we will meet in the second-half for the demand.
Michael Hsing: The dollar content is -- well, it's -- as a market accelerating again, we have more -- our competitor joining and especially this rate of ramp in -- and also, we see other players, other AI players will enter the market that we are so far, we're behind whether pretty much the sole source of power solutions. And as you see the second half or sometime next year, you will see a lot of other players to be qualified or they solve their -- one of the technical problem is, okay, or the odds. So that's what we expect. The cost side, okay, we're always lowering our cost. And at this time, we want to solve all the problems and we believe we resolve all these issues and during this fast ramp. And also the cost at this time is not really the issue. It's all about the throughput and to meet the customer demand.
Michael Hsing: In the next version of it is -- the power is even higher -- is much higher as Bernie said. And we started to do these product developments back in a couple of years ago. And we're about to release it to our customers in this quarter and the next couple of quarters.
Michael Hsing: Good questions, good observation. And towards the end of the last year, it kind of -- auto slowed down. But overall, we as Bernie said earlier, we still grow some high 20%, 30% somewhere in the overall -- in the auto segment. These are mostly primary -- mostly due to the ADS the infotainment or whatever the head units, call it, the digital cockpit. And going for next year we believe we see all the activities and customers and nowadays consuming all these inventories that we shipped and in May or June period times, and now they start to have a higher volume ramp and especially in the EV side. So for this year's first part of this year.
Michael Hsing: Right, the ramp is in the early adoption in EV is very lumpy and a different automakers and ramping in different schedules, I mean -- but overall, the trend is they will pull out more EV with more our products.
Michael Hsing: All right. Yes. This game is always the best performers. So far, our competition, we don't -- I don't want to speak our competition. So far, in what we have, okay, and our customers can be very receptive to our solution. So far, we pretty much have a majority of the volumes. And they keep requesting it and keep requesting we solve all these issues related to their system issues, ours and issues from our side. And -- so when -- even the volume gets even bigger it's good to have another source. Otherwise, again, you don't want the MPS, they can all of them. So again, that's not what we intend to do. And so -- and also the competition in -- it's exactly like a server side. And we are the newcomer in the server market back in -- a couple of years ago, and that's how we win the market. And we had a product long before that. And we also need -- we had to dump the down to meet the common footprints. And because the power density is not high enough. And when this AI come out on the market, the common footprint is not a requirement. So we start to win a lot of -- a lot of shares. And the same is in the servers and have a very similar trend. And that's how we win the market. And we always want to do, as we said in the past. We want to pushing the technology. We want to make sure we're the best.
Michael Hsing: Yes, okay. We had some issues on the Stage 1s and we had some design wins and very small volumes in different systems, actually. And now we don't have -- all these issues are resolved. That will significantly gain the content. And in each AR systems.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We had shipping these products for some of the 48-Volt systems. And also, we supply the -- we are as a supplier for chip and for the silicon, not for the modules. And now we step up the two modules.
Michael Hsing: All right. Let me answer your first question. And you said it's inactive in the M&A market. That's not true, okay? And we follow our -- well, it's not really a policy. So we follow what we do for the best for our shareholders. We don't acquire revenue. The reason is cheap to grow revenue for MPS. But we do look -- do apply technology. And so this is the -- in the past, actually, we acquired a field and financially immaterial with our shareholders. And at this time, and it's big enough, we made these disclosures. And to talking about this Axign, is the company that we work with in for three years already. And it's proven that their technology and with our power stage and there will be a huge benefit for -- in audio signal to audio amplification fields. And we have a proven in a very, very, very high-end customers and make these products as a very unique and never achieved in histories that no zero disposing signals and same to speakers. And the cost is very low. The way we achieved that. And also, we achieved a lot of programmable is also software adaptive. And that -- I see it when I listen to those sounds, it's really -- you bring audio first we put in the press release, putting audio quality to everybody's home to lower down -- really low down the cost. And that will revolutionize how we listened.
Michael Hsing: Well, instead of -- well, last year, the growth is not very spectacular. It's like what is a single digit -- 1.5%. Okay. It's -- Yes, okay. But this year, I think is who knows. In last year, we didn't know until ChatGPT happened. Then the AI business took off and was out of our expectations, I mean, we didn't know. But to answer your questions to comment your question 11, what is it, 12 years, 11 years in consecutive year-by-year growth. And it's -- we follow our principles. And again, we want to -- first thing, okay, we want to make sure it’s all the product, what we deliver to our customers is the best product, best performers. And we want to beat all our competition. That's number one. Number two is, we react. We react fast, we're nimble, and we fulfill our customer demand. And that's sort of pretty simple strategy that we followed and we kind of disregarded of what the market segment does. And we don't chase those market segments. This year, who knows, okay, with one of the segments and we'll grow, but I don't expect it we'll grow as big as AI, okay? But maybe a couple of small segments happening and I do see that. And we do see that in the recent quarters and the last quarter source and we see all these orders come in and they came in as we expected, those products are truly better than our competitors.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. I think in the next couple of years, and you will see some significant growth from a different area, from a single processing and for data converters and for -- of course, we talk about today and the audio process, and which we're already designing and some consumer -- high-volume consumer market segment. And later, we're going to get into automotive and automotive business. And other ones, we have a lot of small things. A lot of other things like silicon carbides and for silicon carbide projects for green energies for solar -- and for solar inverters. And -- well, these are still kind of power management, but a lot of them, we are other power, and these are for communications. And for communications in between -- in the solar side, okay, so from the inverter side. And even the automotive side back to automotive side, and there's a lot of other communication in the -- within the car, and we'll develop those type of products. And you see MPS in the next few years will migrate out to dose a second to those segments.
Michael Hsing: Yes, those kind of models is models and models. And -- but I think the given time and we will be back in a model is the model can be. It's like a weather forecasting, right? we build models and we didn't predict this thunderstorms. And for like the last couple of years, our model is not correct. And either we have too much we too little. So given those kind of economic, whether it's the environment and that model is not quite right. But they end up -- and also, our model is not very scientific either okay, is based on our empirical historical reasons, okay? And -- but we should not deviate from what we see now again.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I might as well added, okay. We emphasize the product development and also the customers design win. And I do see a lot of wins and many different segments I said earlier and probably I forgot even half of it, okay, in my mind. And there are so many things going on. And -- so going in the future and when a normalize -- as Bernie said, is a more normalized economic conditions. And there's no reason we will not grow -- we grow 1.5%, okay? That's at least say it that way, okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes, I see these data we grow our small customer base in -- by a few thousand in last year. And that's kind of exciting. And it doesn't mean we add a lot of revenues. And in the longer term, the wealthy I mean -- the bigger the base, the better it is, the more stable MPS will be. And also, you don't know -- and what's the next hardest things, okay? And our customers will decide that. But the market will decide it. Our customer will take opportunity. If it's not this one, that one well. I mean we just explained that play the percentage. And we just have our products goes out the door. Goes to design in those -- to those customers. And in terms of which segments I have to say it's everywhere. This is okay. The -- I can't remember any numbers more than our grow orders more than five or six things. And -- but that's the beauty you won't go 1,000. I mean that takes a few years and it will turn into bigger revenues.
Michael Hsing: We are building for $4 billion revenues, again, in capacities. And we -- actually we never changed. And especially out of China, and we -- and that actually fits our plan. and we'll continue to do that. And these kind of capacity issues you look at MPS business. And we see -- we believe these business will grow -- we grow our capacity accordingly. It's really a disregarded, okay, what's the current environment we address for long-term issues.
Michael Hsing: Our module business is -- our -- pure e-commerce, I said it, okay, we didn't know what we are talking about and wasn't that excitement and exciting. But the combination of it and with our web service in the e-commerce and also some interactions help from our website. That generates 150 million units now -- last year. And I can't call it in -- what was that, like seven, eight years ago, seven, eight years ago, we're going to these e-commerce business customers logging our website, we're going to -- they can change their -- they can input their parameters and program our ports, we ship the product within a week or so. That didn't happen that much. But -- and yes, it's happening. But I still believe in the long term, that will be the business because we are loading the power management. We're loading all these product designing barriers. And -- why not? People can program the part and especially younger generations. And they have -- they rather program a product rather than use a solid line, putting us in the arms and get and go to a lab is okay to make it happen. And I think it's longer younger generations would do that. And it will be different from other generations, my generation. And that business I believe in the long-term, we're still picking up. But for now, was more than that bad. I cannot say that way.
Michael Hsing: You know, the answer already. And I said, overall, it's not good. Overall, we take on some market shares, and we start to grow a little bit.
Michael Hsing: Well, I think the DDR5, we expect to ramp in last year, right? I mean it happened didn't happen that fast. I mean -- so the key is, again, we make sure our product is designing and when these products will ramp, it's not up to us. And we actually care less but only care is we have a product to ship. Okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Let me talk about this in looking and we didn't have any. And we are 13.5% and because that was about 2.5 years ago, we have a lot of design wins. We have a design win, a few but for me came in the customers -- at their customers, they couldn't get the -- couldn't ship. And we are turning to be the bigger players. We are four teams in -- back in a few years ago, that we're designing a many different projects. And we expect to be a bigger player. And so that's -- we still believe the same story. And when the CPU market picks up and our revenue will start resume to growth. And so what is the last year, and I don't even remember what was the last year, there wasn't spectacular numbers anyway. And I think as soon or later will turn around.
