Michael Hsing: We have many of them and some are small, some of them big. Of course, the bigger one now, we don't want to disclose that on the Internet or to anybody. And so overall, I can tell you is everything is doing well. We are doing expected or better than what we expected.
Michael Hsing: On the e-commerce? Well, it's a bigger project and obviously you haven't seen our new website launched yet. But we still expect that at the end of the year. The key is all the contents. And we are working very hard with the limited resources. But it's going to be some time next year. So may be you will see something new.
Michael Hsing: Well, that's well said. I think the user experience is everything and we don't want to have some things crippled out, just to put it out there. And we go at this very cautiously. And I think to enter this market with the breadth of a product behind it, user experience is everything. But I think we are still pretty much on-time. And next year, you will see a first line of product we put out there and then we gradually loading, put out on the other products. The first line of product that we talk about before is a programmable DC-to-DC converter modules.
Michael Hsing: I think, as Bernie said and we are addressing this, when the current product serve the market, is about $60 billion. So we are at the very, very beginning. So I can't quantify exactly what that number is. But the growth rate will be kind of similar to the current growth rate, maybe okay, over a couple of hundred million dollars or we slow it down a little bit. But I just give you, all these numbers I am just pulling out from my hairs.
Michael Hsing: I think, yes, well said too. In our other market segments grows pretty consistent speed in the last five or six years. And automotive, it grows slightly faster, but it's start from a very small numbers. And once you get to $100 million to $200 million levels in that and again, I think the growth rate will be very, very similar to the rest of the quarter average.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's not quite exactly that plain. I think it would delay it a year or two or so. But overall, cloud computing is very similar to automotive business, except we have only a few players in there. And other players are dominant in the market and we are not. We just entered. Our customer just accepted the last couple years, just barely accept our product. And this year, particularly, is really a good year for us. We have a new product introduced to this market segment and we are ahead of everybody else. And now it will give us the next couple years a very good growth.
Michael Hsing: I think in every segment is slightly different. In automotive, we are more recognized and all the top-tier companies we are engaged now with, before we have meetings and now, we engage you on the product level. And they open up for MPS to quoting the new product development, which is for 2019, 2020, 2021 revenue. And in the cloud computing, I think we are ahead of a lot other people. And we introduce the products and meet all the order requirements or exceeded all these requirements and very simple to use. And that attracts the customers open to us in the first tiers and the customers first tiers of server makers now really open up.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We are moving on to a 12-inch fab. So that obviously will not be ready for production next year. So we are looking for 2019, 2020, which also these 12-inch trading edge of most of the band circuit, not even talking about most of the bands, CMOS. So we will be keep upgrading our MPS capabilities.
Michael Hsing: I will say the steady state. But you said it, okay, we are kind of flattening out and we didn't grow as much, okay. I haven't really looked into deeply. Maybe Bernie can answer the question.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I think as I have to say that before the product, I am looking at the behavior of the product line. In last year or the year before that, all these revenue we generated from the non-automotive product and we requalify as automotive. In particular, from this year, the new revenue generated, these are all specifically designed for automotive application. And going forward, these products, all the new revenues, all from this particular design for automotive products. So I would say, there's more consistent growth.
Michael Hsing: I think it will be a few billion dollars. Because you think about all these company, that market size is all about underserved market. And you really require the FAE, like a field application engineer, hand-holding on it. And secondly, it's a fast-time to market segment. And so we, initially I think that will trickle down the initial design, that will not sustain it. But our e-commerce model, our modules is open bill of materials. And customers initially buy our modules for plug-and-play purpose and later on we get the production they can buy our chip and they can source in their own component. So by modules itself, okay, you add all these together, the modules, all these customers, smaller customers, I think that total market is a few billion dollars for MPS. And we add more programmable capability and put on the Internet, I think that we should have a very good chance. I am very optimistic about it.
Michael Hsing: Well, first thing, like we already launched, okay. It's not on the Internet. We just sent them, as I stated before. I told you before, we send them a floppy disc, okay, right. And so it's well received now when it came. And once you introduce it on the Internet, I wish the step function, but it's too early to call it.
Michael Hsing: We are looking for all the scenarios, all scenarios being considered. And as we always said it, we are looking for some small tuck-in type complementary technology company.
Michael Hsing: A combination of more than three. Combination of all above that we said in this conference and also that Bernie said in his script and don't forget about consumer. And we grow percentage-wise, it's not big, but the revenue side, they are pretty sizable.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. Thanks for raising the question. In the last few earnings calls and I say all this didn't grow as expected because I didn't look at it. And actually this product line grows really well. And we will have more than a few million dollar business in next years. And also the fully integrated product and we are launching, actually we have a lot more focus as a launch as a module and as a small model. And we will sell with the models and so we are partnered with a couple of model companies and with our module behind the models. And so first we introduce we have many design wins since this March and I think that we will have a lot more. And you are talking about really a revolution ideas to replace stem models, replacing all the BSP controls and as well as optical sensors. And so the acceptance will be very for particular applications. But once we, for a few larger segments start it and like robots and like warehouse robots, I think that will widely spread.
Michael Hsing: I think go-to-market segment, it's like the MPS selling DC-to-DC. Now we are selling modules. We are selling our modules for underserved customers and for time to market. And for the higher, when the volume reach high they can source in there, the MPS IC. You can buy MPS IC. For the model, for this e.Motion product line, we will do it very similar, except in that case, now we do a model. So we partnership with the model makers. Really depend on customers' needs. Where they can buy our modules, they can buy our chip. And the key is, I think that at this time and the customers have a hard time to understand that. They are like, why, okay, how to use this product? Because we get rid of the optical encoders. And it has a new way of controlling the models. So we help them to design their modules and also we help them to select the models with our model maker partners.
Bernie Blegen: And again, Anil, here. Just to set expectations is, we are probably most excited as far as developing the new sales and marketing channel through this e-commerce platform, particularly as it relates to our field programmable power modules. But we have wanted to keep expectations at a relative level. So in the initial stages here, we are going to be taking customer feedback as far as their user experience and also how valuable they find the content and then we are going to integrate the website in order to be able to take into account that feedback. And we are really looking for sales to really start to ramp in probably about another two years out. But we do believe that we will be able to go live with this by the end of this year.
Bernie Blegen: So just to add to that, I think that the exciting part for us is that we are able to work across so many different verticals within automotive and certainly across all the different geographies with the different OEMs. So we see this as an opportunity that has legs for growth for the next several years.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that the opportunities for us in the compute and storage are very exciting. And I don't think that you can look at an individual quarter and sort of use that as a milestone for the success of what we are seeing. I think that we were very clear that we have two opportunities that are driving this new growth, particularly in the cloud computing and that has to do with increasing the number of overall design wins. And then also we are adding significant dollar content into the second half of the year sales. So from our perspective, actually the rollout has been almost exactly to plan and the prospects as far as what we see in the next two years seem similarly positive.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. So I think that you are familiar that we began to invest with this partnership back in late 2015 and early 2016 and through the following 18 months was a period of investment for us. And actually the results have been quite good. We are pleasantly surprised and it comes at a time where certainly there are some concerns in the industry as far as capacity at the moment and we are not experiencing that at all. So I think that as far as the partner, that was very timely as far as when we added them, but also looking at the long term relationship and being able to develop new technologies together, we are very encouraged.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that in the past, we have discussed the fact that while we are not immune to the macroeconomics because we are so small and new to the market, we have seen basically a step function in the growth here where we will have a series of new product introductions that might be timed around a particular model year and then that step function of growth occurs and then you get a couple quarters where you don't necessarily see the same rate of increase quarter-over-quarter. But certainly year-over-year, we have been generating results in excess of 40% annual growth year-over-year. So I think that it's not a perfect linear. It's not like a math equation. But I think a step function with the upward direction is the way to look at it.
Bernie Blegen: But it is in the consumer group. And then as far as the growth in compute and storage, I think that most of that was with servers and workstation which we refer to more broadly as cloud computing.
Bernie Blegen: Well, again, let me take a quick stab at this. When you look at the potential of analog and sensor electronics in each automobile, you win an individual application or a socket. It's not like you get a 100% adoption in that. So in the area that we have been launching, which has been a combination of infotainment inclusive of USB ports, I think that we have actually seen very, very good penetration, but it's spread out with just a few dollars of content per individual automobile. And then as we do additional vertical product releases and go into the lighting, the body and controls and ADAS, then I think you will see opportunities for multiple adoptions which will, by nature, increase the dollar content per car.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Let me process this. But the reason that we have invested in inventories is because we had some very unique new business opportunities as far as developing power management solutions for cloud computing, for gaming and for high-end PCs. And during a time where capacity has been a question mark, we have actually been able to do a really good job, a very good job of meeting our customers' demands. But obviously, our intention is not to stay at an elevated level, but as you said, to normalize. In the past that we have tried to target a range between 135 to 155 days for inventory and I would see us being able to bring that back more into, not a historic level, but within that range, probably in Q2 or Q3 of next year.
Bernie Blegen: If I can add one comment that is, we are really trying to be a diversified company and the way that we differentiate ourselves is with unique technology. And so I think that what you are seeing as far as the acceleration of our rate of revenue growth, it's been acceptance of that technology by our customers for their applications.
Bernie Blegen: Thank you. I would like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call and look forward to talking to you again during our fourth quarter conference call, which will likely be in early February. Thank you. Have a nice day.
