Meera Rao: Our gross margin improvement was a result of the product mix and as you noticed, our consumer revenues increased and we have some consumer products that also have pretty good margins. So the net result of that is we saw an improvement in Q2 and as we’ve talked about the last few quarter, we expect our gross margins to continue to expand but we expect it to be steady increase. And you can also see that in our guide for Q3.
Meera Rao: We had – we saw very good bookings as we went through last quarter and we are seeing that trend continue right now. And when we look at retails and channel that’s also very good retails last quarter, we are still seeing good retail through July. So right now we are feeling pretty comfortable.
Meera Rao: Some of the areas where we have grown in consumers is what I call general purpose consumer with consists of a lot of small different product lines and these are lot of the design wins that we had with our CoolPower family products that have started to ramp and as a consumer, they are also introducing the new models and this is something that we had alluded to also back in Q1 and all that revenue is coming in now in Q2 and you’re also going to see a growth in Q3 in consumer as these models ramp.
Meera Rao: Second half of next year. That’s the grant – cycle, so we expect to see revenue in the second half of next year.
Meera Rao: We have very extensive engagement on the design activity front. We also have a few design wins that are going to be ramping up and you will see the revenue in – some revenue this quarter, more in 2014.
Meera Rao: One of the things that I have noticed for the last few quarters is that the seasonality is trumped by a cyclicality of the market every single time. So that kind of mix are hard one to answer. Particularly for our this year is that we have a lot of design wins that are ramping. So we don’t know what is market demand, cyclicality is going to be at that time and it’s just going to offset any or historically ramp that we have right now. So that’s something we are not going to have much visibility on at this time. So when you look at a design wins and demand out there, we still feel pretty good.
Meera Rao: It kind of depends upon the revenue levels and the mix of products. So I could see a scenario where revenue could be down seasonally and gross margins could still expand. But again it depends upon the revenue level and the mix.
Meera Rao: We are expecting to evolve our OpEx relatively flattish going forward as well. We believe we have the support that we need, we might have to do an occasional hire. But I think we are going to find that revenue growth is going to far outstrip and increase in OpEx.
Meera Rao: What we can see the C levels, and our inventory in the channel come -- number of days has been at the same level for the last four quarters and we have been able to hold the inventory level and we carry more the inventory, so we can move our customers and demand. And the inventory that’s in the channel right now we are also seeing a mixed debt changing from the older products to the newer products. So it’s all in line with our sales strategy.
Meera Rao: We basically use a couple of Phoenix this quarter. This is in addition to the front-end Phoenix that we had released I think about a year ago. So one is higher voltage p-mix and the other one is companion that work for the front end processes.
Meera Rao: We continue to see our new products being designed in and the revenues from these ramping, so we are holding those inventories in support of that demand and as we also have started selling in some of our new products into larger customers, they also require us to hold more inventory of these new products. In some situations we are only supplier or we are one of two and they want assurances that we will have products ready. So everything we are doing is in support of our new business.
Meera Rao: We very much appreciate your joining us for this call and look forward to talking to you next quarter at the next earnings release. Thank you and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Patrick, this is Michael. As our revenue grew and also we expected our gross margin to keep it steadily increase as Meera said it, the reason for that is we focus on more value product rather than competing on the price. And as in the past year also with all these -- introduced all these products, which all have a higher margin volume and as we grow revenue as I said it and the margin will grow.
Michael Hsing: Yes, as you noticed that the inventory grew. There are two points, two even for that. One is that we introduced a lot of new products and we prepared some of the inventories for those products ramping in the second half of this year. And also from a number point of view, from a revenue you see our revenue grew from 57.7 to mid-60, that’s also a bigger jump. So we have to have some or more inventory to cover the growth.
Michael Hsing: As we said that we have internally in the company transitioning from a smaller company to maybe a mid-sized of a company and did a lot of changes from the organization point of view. And we – some two years ago we thought to divide into the product lines and our organization is very much different from two years ago and we are still learning. And also you look at the –from a value point of view and the product – we focus on a different product profile, we changed and these are more focused on the value side. That’s – I would emphasize on the MPS technology, and how we compete in the market, and for the long term in a sustainable higher margin growth segment. Now to answer to your question, what’s the value of the company, the board recognized that – we are in a growth period and we are still at the very beginning. And on the one side, yes we announced a $100 million buyback and couple of reasons for that, from a small company we return to our shareholder values – if shareholders one time we buy back 70 million shares and the other one is, will give us $30 million, $35 million for – as a divided. These are sporadic and now we look at the long term view and for the comprehensive program to first to minimize the share gain, second, how we do study the dividend and the board hasn’t made a decision yet but I think it’s a very (inaudible) how we acquire the technology company to continue to expand. So these are really the value for our shareholders, we are on the transition, from a smaller company to a larger company. And also these all are going to reflect to MPS’ long term value. And we shall buy our shares, now and have to return our shareholder value.
Michael Hsing: Thanks Tore for recognizing that, and I had some – I received some concerns from our shareholders, the way we are getting rid of the consumer business and at the same time we are starting – the focusing on another other bid notice. And so my response was okay, consumer were now walking away and the CoolPower family were introduced the last year and we still start to ramp, at the same we haven’t crossed the growth yet, again I only can tell you – our shareholder was our intention. Now finally we delivered. We started – you will start to see a light trend. The percentage of the total consumer business will reduce but the revenue will go up.
Michael Hsing: Okay. I will answer your second part of the question first. The percentage of a design win that’s still at the very beginning but the key is are we penetrate it and we will see meaningful ramp starting next year. So in the next year and then it goes definitely will move the needles and on the revenue needle. The first question is what customers, okay, our entity all of them, all the servers including in the US and in Asia – Asia means, Japan, China, Taiwan.Vernon Essi – Needham and Company: And I assume obviously the straddled both enterprise and cloud based –
Michael Hsing: No really, we don’t have outlier out there and the most systematic growth across the broad and I am glad to see us American and finally the consumer across the – going down every quarter. Now it’s going up. Primarily all segments the revenue is going to go out. And so we are going to keeping in that way but again the percentage of a consumer business, while the growth rate will be slower than the other segments.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, to add a little bit more on it. I think in the last couple of years, our focus didn’t change and so our seasonality should be impacted at $0.02. And looking at all the design win activities or revenue lift, we feel very positive in the fourth quarter.
Michael Hsing: Yeah of course, we cannot calculate buying the formula, buying patent. And yes, we will start to buy a – as some of the rules and the laws allowed.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, the BCD4 product valve and of course, there is no revenues, it’s really 2015 revenues and with this, you will have a much bigger – that’s the order it’s not the BCD3.
Michael Hsing: I haven’t seen the landscape, landscape is changing – there is always some noise – this is what customers always, always wanted that and I think that we are the first to make deliver that kind of a product and there are some product on the market of too way expensive and focused on a very small number of our customers and like MPS, we just – we commercialized the BCD process and at this time we are going to accomplish our life with module business.
Michael Hsing: But I don’t see a lot of downside. The market – the macro-economic significant change and we see the consumer business growth and rest of the business as you see growing in the last three or four quarters and our gross margin will keep going higher.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, I will give you a little more color on that. So our large shareholder is going to initially expand and initially grow as well as – it shouldn’t goes our back, so we take a moderate approach. And we see the sales and marketing side is our weakness and we should keep expanding and overall numbers, should we have a very modest increase.
