Meera Rao: So, we expect to, definitely expect to outperform the market and the extent we outperform the market, all depends upon the market conditions that we have in 2013. But we have a very strong mix of design wins that we have. We are diversifying into several new markets that we have not diversified into before. And I think this will give us very good momentum.
Meera Rao: We’d also -- we’d like to grow in industrial. We are in various different sub-segment in the industrial market like LED lighting, general industrial meters. So we expect to grow in those as well. And battery chargers is a new area that we expect to have additional incremental revenue this year that we haven’t discussed in the past.
Meera Rao: Some of the CoolPower production ramps that were pushed out of Q4 as we had said in the last call, we are seeing some of it come in this quarter. And we expect some of it to start next quarter. So, there is no change from what we had discussed in the last earnings call.
Meera Rao: Okay. Just to add to that, we have been hearing from our customers increased confidence in the fourth quarter and in the last few weeks we have seen a pickup in orders. We have seen higher resale, all of which support the feeling that the momentum is building.
Meera Rao: Yeah. We are not speaking to our growth rate number. I just want to make that clear. We just expect to be able to continue to outperform industry. If the market stays the same we will still outperform. If the market improves, we expect that could be sharper.
Meera Rao: On the Haswell Ultrabook front, we expect that to be bigger in the second half of the year because that’s when Haswell really ramped. But we’re already seeing some pre-production ramps now.
Meera Rao: In terms of with -- we will be able to kind of get very granular on this towards the end of the quarter. So, what I can see from the early signs right now I would say that I’d expect growth in all three of the market segments that they’re targeting -- communications, commuting and industrial.
Meera Rao: Sure. Let’s start with CapEx. We expect CapEx to be around the $20 million level. In terms of the tax rate, I would say, we still expect to be below $10 million. So, I’d say -- we usually say $5 million to $10 million. And the reason we kind of give that range is there are bunch of discrete items that we won’t know until as the year plays out, but right now we expect to be 5% to 10%. In terms of OpEx, a lot of it depends upon the market. If market conditions continue -- if our revenue continues to be at the level we are projecting now, we will keep our expenses down as much as we can. So, I would expect that we would have some increase in new product costs, while some additional cost for key hires in marketing and sales. So once, say, business were to go back to normal and we see normal cyclicality out there than we would see -- we’ve been holding down a lot of discretionary spending and we would see that increase. We would also start investing in the future and start hiring more sales and marketing people in particular.
Meera Rao: The three target markets that we have, we expect to be able to grow in all of them. Industrial, as you know, is typically slower just by the nature of that market, but we have design wins in various -- from various different customers that will ramp. Computing, clearly, we’ve got the Ultrabooks. We’ve got the storage that’s going to be driving it. Communications is also an area where we expect revenues -- incremental revenues from Telco. But that’s again a slightly slower market to ramp, but as we go out this year you will definitely see design ramps. I mean revenue ramps from all three segments.
Meera Rao: In terms of availability, we don’t see any tightening out there. And if you remember as compared to 2010, we have a couple of different facts in our favor. One is that we have a smaller die size, which means we can get more wafers out of the two foundries that we have then. We also have a third foundry. So between that, we have higher wafer capacity and also remember that we are going into this upturn where the higher level of inventory that we had in prior upturns. And I think the combination of that we are not as concerned about the supply side of the equation right now.
Meera Rao: I think we exited Q4 with about 40% of revenue was from BCD3, and we expect that to grow as we exit 2013 to maybe 60%, 70% level.
Meera Rao: And then, I just want to add to Michael’s comment. We have this -- we are diversifying market and we are introducing new products that have better gross margin profiles. So what we are targeting is to see continued gross margin expansion and if you look at our guide for Q1, that’s what we are seeing. We have some revenue growth, but we also have an attendant gross margin expansion that we’re forecasting right now.
Meera Rao: Okay. The long-term business model that we’ve been talking about is the one that we announced back in July of 2010, when we were focusing on more high-volume market strategy, and while some of those elements might not be quite as applicable. The key point that we have is our operating margin. We want to be a company that has a high operating margin, and we are targeting about 25% to 30% earnings. But that’s our long-term model and we recognized that we have two levers that we can pull the revenue and gross margin. We want to continue to be a high growth stock, I mean high revenue growth company as well as having a very attractive gross margin.
Meera Rao: Yeah. So, we would be rolling out those products on BCD4 this year, and I’m expecting revenue from them more in 2014.
Meera Rao: The pre-mix that we introduced for SSD, is just one of a series of family of products that we have. So we expect to be able to continue to play and expand our revenues in this market as we come out with new products. So we expect that cycle to extend beyond 2013.
Meera Rao: We would like to thank you all for joining us on this call and look forward to talking to you again in April. Thanks and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Patrick, if you look at our long-term model as I said it before, 2013 we will try to hit our target model. And that’s also given the macroeconomic conditions and if the market is really against us, I think the percentage difference will show that.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. There are so many of them, not just mentioning the field. Storage continues to be strong in 2012 -- 2013 and ‘14 and also point-of-load for communications for servers and for Ultrabooks as Meera mentioned it in the script. We’ll generate a meaningful revenue in 2013.
Michael Hsing: We said, I think, in the last quarter. There are a few customers -- there are a couple of customers that push out orders to Q1. And we also say that, okay, we see a positive momentum for MPS in the business. So all our customers stayed push out to Q1 and the orders came in. And other business segments, we are new to the market and we see a huge amount of growth opportunity. And we see all the tailwinds, we feel the tailwinds now.
Michael Hsing: Of course, MPS is a business borne by the macroeconomic conditions. What I’m talking about, you can’t really absolutely talk about the numbers. What you said -- and yeah, of course, the revenue is included in the target model. And I think what I really mean is the percentage is different from the industrial growth to MPS growth.
Michael Hsing: I think that EasyPower really at the beginning of the ramp. And we see a lot of application, building automation and also some of the infrastructures for environmental monitoring and those are widely accepted by our customers. And where we will see the revenues continue to grow and/or will start to grow in 2013 and continue to grow in 2014 as we call internal things became more and more popular.
Michael Hsing: I think that we have a lot of our design winning in the Haswell and in the Grantley Solutions. And we will see the revenue. We will see the strong revenue in 2013.
Michael Hsing: We see -- the consumer or the MPS was a consumer centered company. We -- in the last couple of years we would try to diversify from the consumer market segments. And although the revenues where we start to -- we see the growth in 2013 a bit more opportunistic and that’s not the segment where we’re really focused on.
Michael Hsing: Meera talked about it earlier. The industrial growth was almost 100% in 2012, and we see the similar momentums. I don’t imply the similar percentage and over growing tremendously in the market segment. And also the computing, telecom, and these are all in the storage, these are all our opportunities.
Michael Hsing: Okay. Lena, this is not a precise point of index. Any small percentage of a change, we have a lot of factors in there. We can have a product mix and new product wins and so any small percent of a change like it’s a real business, not a real financial model.
Michael Hsing: The BCD3 product at this time is really the industrial leader for power density, and all the parts that we released from our second half of -- from the beginning of the first half of last year’s, all the parts released were all based on BCD3. And now these are products that are hitting the market for across the board from telecom and computing and also the EasyPower product line. And so in the 2013, we’ll continue to grow. And as Meera said the percentage of production shift from the BCD2 to BCD3 where you see that exhibit to this year is probably more than 60%, 70%. And we released the BCD4 product, which is further up to about 50% of a shrink from a BCD3. And those products, initially we’re targeting for telecoms and some of the industrial servers use.
Michael Hsing: For the gross margin side, all the market segments we targeted tend to have a higher margin. And so as we grow in the margin real growth, but at the same time we still have a large percentage of product revenue in the consumer segment. We still have to defend that. And so the, let’s say overall, going forward we do see a margin creep up but at this time we don’t give it -- it’s not the right time to give a long-term gross margin model now.
Michael Hsing: And to answer your question more clearly, yeah, it is model dependent and we do have to an executing. The design cycle is about a year or so.
