Bernie Blegen: Sure, I'll keep my comments fairly short as far as the Q3 outlook by end market. Essentially, the bookings trend that we carried into Q3 has improved quite a bit over the last few quarters, and has been fairly broad as far as the end market participation. If you look specifically at enterprise data, you'll see that we took a fairly large step up in each of the last two quarters. And then in the third quarter outlook, we see continued growth in communications, storage and computing with incremental improvements and also in our other groups.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I think the near term outlook for automotive remains a little bit fuzzy. And for example, in Q2, we were expecting a nice uplift, which did not occur. And so Michael's correct is that positioning within the next two, three quarters, is hard to predict for auto more broadly and EV specifically, but our long-term positioning is only getting better with additional design wins.
Bernie Blegen: And Will, if I could just add two comments quickly. The first is, and this is specific to your question, that it's across all of our markets. It primarily focuses on those that have longer design cycles, where we can add expertise in design solution. And the second point is again, while we are driving a lot, a higher percentage of our business to the modules, or to the more complete solutions. We have the ability, like no other company to be able to deliver the type of solution our customer wants, whether it's a die, a chip or some package in between.
Bernie Blegen: On the enterprise data, the way I tried to tee that up, first off, yes, it is expected to grow, but we have grown significantly each of the four prior quarters to this. So the rate of growth is slowing down. And the biggest for this quarter only. And I offer that because there's a lot of opportunities that have yet to begin to ramp with a number of the different companies that we're currently working on designs with. But I was calling out in particular that both storage and computing and communications will be good drivers in Q3.
Bernie Blegen: And particularly in the second half of this year, it looks like that segment is starting to take off.
Bernie Blegen: And Quinn, if I could also add to this that, the necessity for the different deliveries of power, is as you get into increasingly higher current and in addition to either lateral or vertical power, we also have liquid cooled that, we believe that we have a position on.
Bernie Blegen: Sure, so I think that we've been very clear about the positioning that we have an automotive, and how that's continuing to grow across multitude of different platforms with a multitude of different Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs. I think the most recent area for improvement where somebody's Greenfield opportunities, are becoming more visible in market, would be in particular with communications. We're seeing that in the wireless and 5G, and I think that we've seen some early indications of continuing investment in that segment. So I'd say that's probably the area that will be most visible, but obviously I don't want to forget industrial, which even though right now, is a relatively modest part of our business. And it's not shown a lot of momentum towards growth, probably is the next area, where we have a lot of Greenfield opportunities that will materialize in the next four quarters.
Bernie Blegen: Quinn, I can make this pretty simple. We don't have any licensing or contractual arrangements with Huawei that are at all. So they can't be canceled. Any business we have with them has always just done on a PO basis, and we have no indication of a change in their relationship.
Bernie Blegen: Great. I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call, and look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter conference call, which will likely be in late October. Thank you, have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Yes, your second question, as Bernie said it, we do see some of our - other business would not relate to AI. And now it is difficult to separate AI, non-AI. Other business we designed in which we - let's say that, okay we ship these products to the half a year ago. A year before we see the market start to wakening up. But that's whatever it is, whatever it is, okay. And we do see a lot of new design, new requirement, which is much higher power, for especially for communications. And well, as a matter of fact, as across the board. And these designs are much higher power than the previous versions. And these are all relate to the new design, relate to AI - and AI requirements. And these design wings, we'll probably triggered downs in a game of two [ph] or three years, and change of revenues.
Michael Hsing: Okay. Yes. We do start to ship in the gate [ph] and the product for the higher powers and for data centers. And this is only the beginning. And would you say that that's very true? Auto is being known and we, when ADAS and became more, more and more the cars converged into the ADAS, okay. And which we believe in being a two or three years, all the cars will have that features. And we, so far we provide all the, we have design wing in all these car makers, especially in the EVs.
Michael Hsing: Well, we cannot pick the, you want to pick the models and gave me, and you want to pick them, I can't give you a model. My accuracy is a plus minus 12 months. And going forward, we are very confident.
Michael Hsing: I like that question. Yes, okay. As we said, we started that journey long time ago, okay. And at the beginning, maybe I didn't know, we didn't know what the hell we were talking about. And okay, but that's the directions. And that's including a part of e-commerce. And we sell plug and play solutions. So the effort is that the journey will be, we are, we known to be a semiconductor company. And yes, we do. We do all that we provide. And when we sell a silicon, we're selling, actually we're selling a solutions. We know all the technical details in terms of how we implement the solutions. So my effort is we want to monetize all our knowledges. MPS in the end, doesn't make any things. And we all making the money from our knowledge. While we capitalize all the entire our capabilities. And so the journey we started, now we're selling the solutions. It's probably 20%, 25% of a total MPS total revenue. Every piece of a silicon used to be selling somewhere between $1 and $0.50 to $1. Some of them are a lot of them even lower for the mass market. And which we kind of vary little now, especially in consumer business. And now, we're turning to a solution company is still a semiconductor based solutions. We sell those solutions. Now particularly as you call it, as a modules. And like I don't know what the appropriate word for that. And so today is 25%, 20% to 25% of a total revenues. MPS module business excluding AI. We're running a couple hundred, close to $200 million. And we're growing every year by more than company's percentage growth. And if you look at this, this way, every chip we sell, all the solution is more than a chip price. And you generally $4, $5, $6, $10 of a content that we can sell. So that's the result of today. And we will commit on the journeys. And again, we're transforming a company to a silicon only, to silicon based solution providers.
Michael Hsing: Yes, and many -- maybe traditional semiconductor companies and they are hard to distinguish, whether they're solution providers or selling modules, selling solutions or selling semiconductor only. And that's especially the case and apply for AI powers. And there's a very few company using a silicon based, the module solution to power up this AI solution or data centers.
Michael Hsing: We are - in the leading positions. Okay, I said it - and there's maybe one, I will say the one or two company. Maybe one company have the capability have - and similar to MPS, the market is huge and it's growing. And MPS is, what the leading position, is because not by one day, like one-or-one an AI happened, we developed that years ago for that. And there's not many semiconductor companies that are based at the semiconductor company have that kind of a capability.
Michael Hsing: Yes, you're right. There's one is some customers so Quinn and using the top surface lateral power supply, which is like a very similar to server, the server CPU power supply. And other ones turning into the backside, still lateral powers. And more advanced one is directly under the CPU. And so to answer the question, is MPS supply currently we're running all three solutions? Chip, all modules, we have everything there.
Michael Hsing: Yes, to Quinn, to answer your question is that the most efficient and difficult to do, is you're making a module directly under the CPU. And that's the highest efficiency power delivery. There's a lot of a problem, and a lot of technical issues associated with that type of approach. So many companies take a conservative approach, okay? And some companies just do only like servers and top surface lateral power delivery. And for those very high powers, well over 1000 watt, all these powers, the power modules directly under the CPUs. And these are the highest efficiency.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we're seeking advice from you. What's our seasonality? With a new business, with all these inventory oscillation from our customers, and we don't know so came in - you have a huge shortage, then it comes up the huge over supplies, and okay now, the main, I assume, and our customers consumes all these excessive inventory. Now the market is waking up. And is there another shortage? I don't know. And it's difficult to forecast. And - the lead time is still very short.
Michael Hsing: Yes, I can tell you this. Our customers will not be appreciated in talking about how many - dollar per their unit, or GPU unit, okay? And so, then they don't want us to talk about it. And second, I don't know, I don't want to know about it.
Michael Hsing: Oh, sure, yes. And now you look at our revenues, right? Okay, for a couple of companies, okay, and from last year, was like a what, it's a 1% or 2%, or maybe last year's, okay, couple of percentage our total revenue. Well, today, so like we're running like a what, 20%? And 20%, so that's a full $500 million, okay? And we were told this is at the beginning. And there's a lot of other companies, like where our opportunities and our design wing hasn't really ramped up in company like Google's and AWS and Meta. And those coming later. So I see the huge opportunities and I do see, okay, this is not MPS only, but the market's way too big. We don't want to turn into an AI company only.
Michael Hsing: Yes, I like that one. Okay, I like that one. But I can't tell you the revenue yet, but it's a small, okay? And we, in the since 2016, and again, we start to develop our own silicon carbide. We're not selling expense. It will be a part of our solutions. I said very, very early, so we're not intending to sell a fit [ph] as a power device only. So now, we designed those three kilowatt, six kilowatt, 12 kilowatt power supply. And you guess what? It's a data center. It's a data evaluating, so we have a very little revenues, but the biggest is the MPS only, owned. All our test plot, we're using a huge amount of power supply, and MPS is our own customers. All these testing equipment that we have to design, we have to invent it, how to test these modules particularly, and also as well as burning. And MPS supply these power modules to our vendors, and our vendors are in problem went into these systems and it became our test equipment. And so, that's the revenues we start to generating. And but for 4G and for data centers, and these are still in the, well, we engage them a year ago or so, couple years ago. And so, the revenues small, but we're looking for the big revenues from that segment, because MPS provides the highest efficiency and the smaller size.
Michael Hsing: Oh yes. No, no. Yes, okay. That's one of my favorite ones. Okay, yes, okay. And I think it's going to be in industrial market. Because share - all these products share the same signatures as we do for data centers for our own test plot and for test equipment, okay? We'll be very much shared the same characteristics and also for robotics. And especially for those moving, not stationary robot. And these robots move around, and they all need that type of a power supply and the charging and the battery management. And these all share very much the same characteristics as RVs, okay RVs happen.
Michael Hsing: Yes, our product is not, not like in the 20, below 24 nanometer or whatever, that we are not, as far as I know.
Michael Hsing: And as far as I know, we're not subjected to the export limit, have any limitations. And, but we will talk to our, to answer your question precisely, I will consult our legal counsels.
