MichaelHsing: Thanks Tore. Our capacities as always in the past three or four years and we keep expanding. And now we continue that. However, we do have capacities of over $2 billion and before the middle of next year. So we have enough capacity for us to grow. And now we have just qualifier more product and release to productions. And ultimately in our customers' hand.
MichaelHsing: That's a good question. As a company, I keep saying we transforming the company from a semiconductor to more solution providers and so we can utilize our cash much better than we can in the past and the strategy is  okay, we will buy in a tuck-in technology companies which comparable to MPS revenues, MPS as a general market coverage. So on the other hand we are also consistently raising dividends. And that's our strategy but we're not excluding buyback shares.
MichaelHsing: Yes, so we do have some of the share gain across the board in a notebook market segment, as our technologies advanced in which lower the cost, our die size become much smaller. So the cost, the lower costs allow MPS enters a lower notebook segment.
MichaelHsing: Yes, as I said earlier, so we keep expanding and we will never stop. But sometimes faster, other ones -- other times it's slower, again, other than the capacities, physical capacity itself, we have to increase a lot of haircuts, and MPS is a very, very lean, and so we will hire -- we are hiring a lot of people. 
MichaelHsing: Maybe Bernie can, this year you said that you mentioned that whether the automotive product is limited by the capacities and the answer is not as much as other segments. Because automotive company, they give us a long lead times. And so we prepare the last year, the last didn't, our customer didn't consume that many of our products, okay and so it all translate to this year. And so we'll be able to ship them now.
MichaelHsing: Yes, I might as well add it, okay, about a year and a year and a half ago our inventory were at all time high. And that was one of the reasons that why we do that because we were a newcomer in automotive industries, okay, even though with this type of a current revenue. We're still in a very, very little on a market -- in a market percentage of a market, and so it's a clear as a newcomer, and you don't want to upset the customers, okay, and you don't have a product. So as all these as a lack of what we do to all these key customers, we have an inventory, even though they don't have a clear forecast. And so now is a really benefited us. And we gain a lot more design win activities. And because our competitor couldn't, cannot ship a product.
MichaelHsing: Yes, let me explain that way. Okay, we have less capacity constraints than compared to like a half year ago also, and however, as a customer's -- when you call, after you qualify all these new fabs, and we have a month or couple months delayed of a qualifying these product. And to qualify in the fab, it's not exactly science, okay, mean you use different supplier or different equipments, okay, mean different materials and all the problem, all these issue comes -- have an effect on how you qualify products in the end. So this time, okay, we just have to release a lot of new product, lot of existing product from different fabs. And so it's kind of a -- to answer your question here is the kind of a constraints, we have a lot more orders, and we couldn't fulfilled, okay mean but just only a couple of months late.
MichaelHsing: Yes. Thanks for asking for that question, now is overwhelming by the revenue growth and the company but not only from analysts from outside and the company inside company is overwhelming by the revenue growth, that allocations and the product allocations and in a lot of strategic things, okay, as less pronounced, okay but the module you're absolutely right module business is for a solution, as a solution transforming to a module company as we transforming, we're transitioning from semiconductor to a solution company. And the ecommerce, we have a teams and we finally, we have organized like a product line. And I know the activities in the last quarter also are quadruple. And so the revenue is still small, but is in the millions of dollars. Okay. I mean, it's more than a million dollars, okay somewhere $30 million - $40 million.
MichaelHsing: Yes, with the module and service and is growing, as you recall in about five years ago. Three years ago, it's almost zero. Yes. And four years ago, almost zero, okay, I mean we started that. And so we'll continue to focus on that. And so I truly believe that's our future.
MichaelHsing: Sure. I don't know if we call it normal, okay. I don't -- I can't think of a normal anymore. Okay. Regarding to our console business, yes, we win a lot of designing, wining the next design, okay, I mean I think the business continues, okay, I mean I think you have a better judgment than us what's the seasonality now for console.
MichaelHsing: It's doing well, but the rest of our company is growing much faster. So it's still small. And you can't break out a percentage yet. But I think that was a -- we will more -- have a -- give a more category of our product rolls. Okay, as we divided into a more finer product line. Yes, we'll give it that number later. Okay.
MichaelHsing: Yes. We have our product now. And that's a well, we're -- we have a several things that we have ultrasound and the ultrasound, we do generate revenue, we see the revenue now. Okay and the other one is x-ray machines. Okay, x-rays. And we put -- we have -- we are evaluating the first silicones and from our design size is  but we have some issue with the fab. But that's a very minor issue, okay, I mean we will be able to solve that problems. And it is outstanding, thank you for bringing it up this. And the performance is like a 5x, 6x better than existing solutions. So the image is a lot more cleaner now. And we couldn't deliver. And so I think the customers are waiting. And we're very excited.
MichaelHsing: Yes, it's same technologies, similar technologies that we'll be able to use in the telecommunication side.
MichaelHsing: Yes, I think the last time we reported, is that 37%? Yes, I actually went back and look at it and was-- we actually cannibalize ourselves. And I think that's a better way, okay, rather than other big guys eat us alive. And I think that we cannibalize a quite a bit, okay; I think is somewhere as a 10% range. Okay, all these new products, we cannibalize it. And that's why the numbers are so high.
MichaelHsing: Well, yes, MPS is still a smaller, is a smallest analog semiconductor business, and at the same times, we want to have a deliver a consistent result. And so now you see the margin even in this period, we don't fluctuate a lot because we don't -- we just pass on our costs to our customers, and we don't randomly just raise because we can now the shortage, we can gouging a price, okay, and that affected our long-term relationship with our customers. And so we just maintain that and maintain our margins. Okay, I think this strategy fits everything, fits for us, yes.
BernieBlegen: And at the expense of repeating our self story. You recall that last year, we brought up the 12 inch fab. And this year, we've brought up 8 inch fab which is already contributing to inventory. So in both cases, what we're continuing to do is expand out by qualifying more parts so that we will be able to meet the $2 billion level by the middle of next year.
BernieBlegen: Yes, I think that you're familiar with our model, which is to outperform the industry by 10 to 15 percentage points. And, obviously, that's a model, that's a guideline. And there are certain periods where we have the right factors both strategically as well as from a market perspective, that allowed us to do better, and sometimes not as well as that model. So for example, if you look at last year's results, you could argue that at 34.5% growth, that we exceeded the market, which was right about 5% to 8%, depending on what you're looking at, by somewhere in the neighborhood of, 15-17 percentage points. And so we look at that is, well above our model, in the current year, obviously, we only guide to Q3. But it's not unrealistic to expect that within the range of possibilities that we could match that performance, or in fact do just a little bit better. So what we're trying to observe here is that in this two three year period, we're actually benefiting from a lot of factors that have us exceeding what our normal model is.
BernieBlegen: And then as far as server, we've been fairly consistent in articulating our strategy as far as being able to grow our market position with each succeeding next generation, particularly Intel and AMD products. Not limited to that though, but also on 48 volt GPUs. So it really expresses the point that we're branching up in share gains within the Intel family, but also branching out into these other opportunities.
BernieBlegen: Rick, thank you. Good question. Something that's really important to comment on here is that a lot of companies and a lot of analysts and a lot of investors are focused on capacity as if this is a new aspect of the semiconductor business. In fact, capacity is something that we have been managing for the 10 years that I've been hearing before that. It's an integral component to our growth strategy. And so the way that we've been doing it is sequentially adding new fabs and also assembly houses and testing capacity alongside of that to accommodate to be in front of what is expected revenue growth. So while we have made public comment on the fabs that we've invested in to date, we're still continuing on with ongoing relationships in order to secure more fab capacity for the future in order to accommodate that growth beyond $2 billion.
BernieBlegen: One of the aspects of automotive that's getting a lot of attention in the press has to do with the fact of electronic component shortages that are shutting down plants or limiting their ability in order to kit a car and put it assembly and as Michael just said we're actually not capacity constrained there. We are meeting all demand from them. And what's been interesting is one of the reasons that automotive got into this bind is because they were working with a just in time inventory model. And I think that they've learned from that that when the parts the electronic components are available, that they will stock them even though they don't have a complete kit to build the car. Now in our conversations and feedback that we're getting is they're actually only trying to satisfy real demand. But that is the timing of when the build plan, when they'll have the complete kit that they can then build the cars. So it's something that we want to monitor because there's been no change in the ordering pattern or our shipment schedule versus expectations because of the other limitations in automotive.
BernieBlegen: And again, what we're trying to do here is make sure that we're servicing real demand, and not building up inventory, either in the channel or on our customer shelves. So what we've done is we've actually have very transparent relationships with our customers so that we make sure that we're in touch with their business sufficient to be able to make those trade offs.
BernieBlegen: Sure. I think that we've discussed in the past that, again, it's our model is that we want to be able to grow gross margin at 10 to 20 basis points sequentially, over the long haul. And we've demonstrated very good consistency in being able to do that. But much like I was describing before, this is an unusual period of growth for the company, both in terms of how fast the revenue is growing. And then obviously, as we described in the narrative, it was that the overheads is not, which would be like direct spending or inventory provisions or anything like that is not growing at the same rate as the revenue growth. And that's where we're getting the near term leverage. As we look out, obviously, we don't want to create an expectation that we're going to be able to grow at the same rate. But by the same token, we have established another floor level for what we expect sustainable gross margin to be.
BernieBlegen: I think that Michael makes a very strong point there is that we've had so many puts and takes and different lines of businesses that have been added that the rule of thumb is not as applicable as it might have been back in 2018 or 2019. I would comment on is that we believe that we are optimizing across all of our different end markets. And again, it's really the strength of the model is in the diversification. And whereas a lot of the traditional seasonality would have been tied to consumer for example. Now we have much higher percentage of our business that is tied to computing, automotive and industrial, and they don't necessarily recognize the same level of seasonality. But then to sort of complete the question, I think if you look at the near term growth, obviously, the current year is benefited significantly from automotive and computing storage in particular. And we believe that going forward automotive along with communications should be our longer-term drivers. 
BernieBlegen: Yes, I would say if you look at last year, and last year is representative what we're doing in 2021, is of the 34.5% growth 25% of that was tied to volume, 10% was tied to price. And I think when Michael talks about the solutions business; you're looking at previously selling an individual piece of silicon for $0.20 to $0.25. And now depending on the module, we can get between $1 to $3. And what we're looking to be able to do is design complete integrated solutions for different end applications, where those will be able to achieve for the total cost for that solution can be somewhere between $60 to $100. So, there's the ASP on the individual component, but it's more importantly, it's having that attach rate with the total solution.
BernieBlegen: One other comment to add here is the technology that we're referring to here is related to our high performance or precision analog converters, right.
BernieBlegen: 2.5 years. And I think what is really exciting is that this is incredible opportunity. And we're very close to being able to declare that it's commercially viable in the market. So it's not just a medical which is the first end market we're going after with this technology. But the other opportunities this opens up for us.
BernieBlegen: Yes, the reason that we use that stuff on sort of a one time basis was to really give order of magnitude to just how dynamic this new product introduction is as a component to our growth. So right now, obviously, in such a short one quarter term, it hasn't changed a whole lot up or down. But it's really not something that we want to be reporting on an ongoing basis. 
BernieBlegen: But I would say that when there's cannibalization involved, you can bet that for market share gains against our peer companies that's really the leverageable part of this story.
