Bernie Blegen: Sure. Let me start up with your first question as far as what we're observing in computing and storage in the Q3 to Q4. So interestingly, we had a very good continuation of growth in our cloud computing, which is supposed to be associated with the server business, and that was offset by declines in both the storage and notebook. So I think that - versus our expectation internally as far as what the opportunity for servers are, we are tracking at or in fact, a little bit ahead of what we expected to be. And the business that we'll had to date has been primarily in some of the lower dollar categories, and we expect to see are in telophase our QSMod side of the business, which is higher dollars to pick up early in 2018. With regard to the cap spending, we've made some purchases of office space in the quarter, and we picked up two offices, one for $25 million and the other for $15 million. And believe that this is a good way to secure capacity at a fixed price that will benefit the - accretive to earnings over the years to come.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I'm going to address it on a percentage basis. And so the dollars maybe a little bit different. But automotive, as I've been saying in the recent past is expected to grow in any quarter-over-quarter between 30% to 60%. And that was consistent the experience that we had in 2017. So that - the design wins and the visibility that we have in the long-term, we believe that for 2018 and 2019 and 2020, automotive…
Bernie Blegen: Just to add to that. I think Michael has a lot of credibility typically when you look at the results we turned in that 2017 and going forward. And that secondary point is -
Bernie Blegen: We will manage that in the transcript. The expectations set as far as zero revenue generation as a result of e-commerce in 2018 and 2019. So to the extent that we have a successful launch and we're able to incorporate customer feedback into making quick adaptations of that platform, I think it's time well spend.
Bernie Blegen: That's right. Yeah. So the train - even I can't imagine with our own website and these acquired - acquired customers from our distributors and from other sites. And I can't imagine from our own site, the marketing all other effort we will put it in and it will be a phenomenal growth.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, it's a concern that we had going into Q4 because we had very high level of backlog compared to what historical norms have been. And going into Q1 that has remained also on high side and what we're very conscience of is that we don't want to either participate in double ordering, or where we're selling demand with inventories just going to sit in the channel, excuse me. And as a result, we've been very cautious as far as meeting customer demands that we believe in excess of what they need to keep-up - keep their facilities going. So in the end of Q4, I think we did a very good job because we were able to generate the revenue we did and that increase the days in the channel.
Bernie Blegen: So let me try and clarify that. So there are two components to the tax, the transition of the toll tax, which we recorded in Q4. That's what Michel is referring to. Because we've invested in a lot of property, we actually had a lower blended tax rate that we had to pay there. Going forward, as far as how we can guide to the 5% to 10% rate, there is a step up as far as the guilty [ph] tax, but we have some discrete items that can offset that. And so as a result, for 2018, we won't see a change in our tax rate from what we reported in the current year.
Bernie Blegen: And one more point is that, we've getting good penetration in all the major geographies known for automotive.
Bernie Blegen: Well, I think it's everything. Everything so for the factories [ph] and for engineering facility, for automotive, quality control systems and everything.
Bernie Blegen: We don't offer a specific guidance for - beyond one quarter. But the way I can respond to it is that we've been promoting our strategic business model now for about last four years. If you look at 2017, we had revenue growth of 20%, which map 21% which was little better than our model. We had gross margin increased at 40 basis points for the full year, which is consistent with our margin - with our model. And our operating expenses came in between 50% and 60% of what our revenue growth was. And I think what we've done is, we've achieved the model and expect to continue along that line. The one thing that will offer just some concern is that there are risk factors associated with introducing new products to new customers and particularly, in what is becoming a sort of a more clouded longer-term outlook as far as what the economy is going to do. So we've tend to believe that we're capable of achieving our model, but I add just cautionary note that there are risk factors and say you might build in little bit of cushion when looking at full year outlook might be.
Bernie Blegen: When I say the 50% to 60% range, that's really focused on R&D and SG&A, and does not include litigation, which can be a little hard to manage. So for 2017, my calculations show this for the full year being at 58% of our revenue growth rate. When you look ahead here, I think we've got three drivers that we're going to invest in. Automotive in particular, we want to continue to fuel that revenue growth through sales and marketing as well as a QA and some - also some R&D specific to it the. On top of that, Michael also mentioned to you, as far as our investment in 12-inch fabs, that's going to be continuing for about five to six quarters beginning in Q2 - beginning in earnest in Q2. And then finally, with the launch of the website in the e-commerce platform, we are going to make a big investment in marketing to be able to really launch that successfully and get the word out. So I think that in that - and I don't have a firm number yet, but we want to be able to strike and make these investments and that will put us, at a minimum, at the high end of that range.
Bernie Blegen: I think Michael did a good job responding to that, saying that if you look at the growth profile of 2017 and plus or minus a couple of percentage points off of what we enjoyed there, that's pretty much what we're expecting for '18 as well.
Bernie Blegen: But on the gaming, and I think it's very important to offer that we're fully committed to the gaming platforms, and but there are limited opportunities for growth. And so we have to be able to make sure that the market understands that we are positioned for the long term there, and to be able to enjoy the benefits of future design wins to help accelerate that growth.
Bernie Blegen: So at the end of the year, we had about 40% of our cash is onshore, 60% was offshore. We are continuing to evaluate what the impact of the new tax reform means for us. We took an initial step by increasing the dividend this quarter, and we're going to use the remainder of this year to consider other opportunities where we increase shareholder value even through dividends or acquisitions or perhaps even a stock buyback. But right now, we haven't firmed up any specific plans around that.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah, I'd say that the notebook business, a lot of that has to do with customer adoption. And we have a couple of very good prospects that we've been designed with. And we're looking at various scenarios as far as what the timing and the unit volumes could be. One of the things that you may be aware of is that Cannon Lake was cancelled and the next opportunity for a new design will be, I believe it's called Whiskey Lake, which is supposed to be in mid 2019. So I think we feel very, very well positioned there. We have very good new adoptions that are occurring right now, but that the product cycle from Intel got moved out by a year.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. E-Fuse tends to be lower dollar content, but what they been very helpful for us is being able to open the door for opportunities that we haven't else wise had.
Bernie Blegen: There is also an opportunity in the communications network as well. And that should start to roll out here at the end of 2018.
Bernie Blegen: Thank you very much. So thank you for joining us on the conference call. And I look forward to talking to you again during our first quarter conference call, which is likely to be at the end of April. Thank you, and have nice day.
Michael Hsing: The growth on each market segment, if you look at our last two or three years, and you looking forward in our K [ph] that's just plus or minus fewer percentage on the each market segments. And the trend will be very similar. 2018 and 2019, 2020 that we see as a pretty much all set. The percentage is just only a few percentage change.
Michael Hsing: Well, I see it's - it's delayed again. I promised it in January, it didn't happen. I think that we rather have a very good user experience to launch it first. And rather than - and a mediocre one. And so I made a very hard decision not to do it and not to launch it. And you will see the probably in a - now I don't have a creditability on that. I postponed it several times already, and like I promised, I postponed it several times, and hopefully it will be in Q2.
Michael Hsing: And that doesn't - the delay doesn't cause any doubt. And as a matter of fact, all the testings that can be without the website, it's doing really, really well. And we in the last few months, every months we increase 600, 700 customers, and those customers whenever low off even.
Michael Hsing: Well, you look at our outlook and thanks for our last year effort, we bought a lot of buildings. These are tax free.
Michael Hsing: Yes, it's fair that the growth rate it will not changes much. Okay, but don't follow me them exactly what the rate. It would be very similar to this year. Which applications or which segments, I think in the next couple of years we're going to expand lot more segments. Now the lighting, infotainment and the safeties, and we will have a lot more safety products come out. And as Bernie said in his script, we have an ADAS and also the…
Michael Hsing: And those areas have a very little revenue or some of the item have no revenue, only sampling cut. And we expect to have a very high percentage growth in dollar amount growth that in 2019, '20 and '21.
Michael Hsing: Yes, okay, sorry, I've been in the [indiscernible] I wasn't paying attention. The connectivity for the car and lot of ADAS and a lot of safety things and safety cameras such as the cameras, the LIDARs [ph] and these will be connected to the cloud. And those are the areas we really focused on it. And those are our customers' requirements.
Michael Hsing: Actually both. In the connectivity between the - all these sensors to the control units, and the control units to the cloud and these all add up to all this self-learning capability. And that's the area we are really focused on it and that's where we receive huge requirements and for joint development with these larger automotive companies.
Michael Hsing: Yes, emotion, it's not emotion - E Motion product line in the past and other - a lot of people asked me, okay, the product didn't do well and actually it's doing really well. This year, we will generate somewhere between $8 million to $12 million business. And we develop at the newer product the integrated - fully integrated…
Michael Hsing: The modules and we receive how many request, it's beyond my belief actually. And those will do well in the 2018 and 2019 particularly.
Michael Hsing: Well, that's a good question. As we said, in the last conference call, we will move - we started the two 12-inch wafer fab. So we migrate from a 6-inch, 8-inch, now the 12-inch. And on the each upgrade, we add a lot more new features. And so you can think about it, okay, now we can integrate microcontrollers and is not inconceivable, we even put a Wi-Fi system on it.
Michael Hsing: Let me comment on your question. Okay. In early 2005, 2006, and again we had a model like a got 20% to 30%, and we never achieved that. We achieved close to 18%, 19% in between 15% to 20%. And I was very criticized by that - some of the shareholders, and I spend too much money and not grow enough. Okay. I can't figure out 20% or not 20%. In 2006 - 2016 in the first quarter, I made an announcement, or some people asked me, if we're going to achieve the models. I said that okay, it will be 2017, and we did it okay. Now since you ask for this year again, I think as a - I can't predict in a couple of percentage difference. But we will grow double or triple than the industrial growth. If the industrial growth negative 5%, okay, we'll be three times - okay, well, we grow from somewhere 10% to 15% range.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. But Bernie is talking about lot of investment. Okay. But if you look in our history, we never had a wide spending…
Michael Hsing: And we will - if we spend, we'll spend a couple of more percent. That's - that will be it. And we don't have a wide - open pocket spending bracket, will never happen in the entire MPS history. And - so there's 50% - 60% to 61%, 62%, so that's probably - I don't see we go beyond that.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's a gaming, and I can't openly fit it. It's not my favorite topic. And it goes up by a quarter a lot, and then next couple of quarters it comes down again. And I want to manage a very, very smooth growth and that can - and sustainable growth. And so since you mention of for gaming, of course, there is a lot of dollars to be made. And these are very opportunistic. So that's why we have a few percentage variations.
Michael Hsing: Well, since you mentioned, notebook is not my favorite either. And these are kind of low-margin but the way Bernie emphasize high value notebook. And those are generally their sales are retailing price like $1200 or $1300 and above. And some of the models they pay it. And so they appreciate our technology, as those are product that we deliver…
Michael Hsing: The server area is - the MPS become a single source and adoption in some very large customers. And our product now is realized - just start to realize by all the large first tier makers. And those are not small lower dollar, very high margin and what we are more excited about in all. And the trend is to replace the blowup fuse and use an electronic fuse, so that's where the MPS opportunity lies.
