Meera Rao: Our seasonality in the last two or three years has been not reflective of what we consider a normal seasonality, so Q4 is a hard one to call because I don’t know what the macro conditions are going to be in Q4, but when I say we do expect that on some of the  newer product revenue stream we might see some early revenues in Q4 all-in-all how the different trends are going to play off we don’t know at this point. 
Meera Rao: I will just add to that. In terms of a backlog, we had a very good backlog and we are comfortable about the quarter’s guidance. 
Meera Rao: So, let me speak to that a little bit. We saw softness in the second half of June in the consumer area, particularly in set top boxes and TV. We also saw some softness in our gateway product revenues. So we've taken that into consideration when we came up with a guidance. We still see strong growth in our new product stream, things like Storage, Lighting, Automotives. We still see growth over there, but this is a quarter where typically we would have seen a lot of growth coming in from set top boxes, TV and gateway. So those are the three areas where we’re not seeing the strengths that we typically would have seen to take us to a higher quarter. In fact some of the growth in the areas that I talked about, the new revenue streams are actually offsetting the decline that we’ve seen in the consumer and consumer light markets. 
Meera Rao: In terms of expectation, from our perspective, the markets got soft in the second half of June and this market has an ability to go soft or pick up within a space of week. So we’re being conservative as we typically are and are guiding it to flat essentially. 
Meera Rao: I think at the moment, the bulk of our revenues are sales from the BCD2 or BCD front. We've just started shipping on our BCD3, but based on our design wins that we’ve seen out there, we expect a larger portion of the 2013 revenues to be from BCD3. 
Meera Rao: I would expect gross margin, with a 5% decline, I would expect our gross margin to be flat to maybe be slightly down. It also depends on how much of that early revenue we get in, if it is in the hundreds of thousands of dollars, it may not have as much of an impact. If it runs in the million of dollars, then I think it could have a bigger impact on gross margins. 
Meera Rao: Inventory in the channels, we are off a little bit. We were in the low end of a range and again the increase in inventory has largely been in our gateways and set top boxes and TV; while we have really tried to the extent possible to keep it at this level and so that's without any further deterioration in the environment that's what I would kind of expect. In terms of litigation expenses, as you know we are going to be getting another $300,000 this quarter and our litigation expenses right now are really low, so we’re expecting it to be somewhere less than $100,000. 
Meera Rao: Sure. Our inventory I think we mentioned in the last call that we are planning to increase our inventory because it would substantially grow what our model is. With the slowdown we have ended up a little higher than we have expected going into the quarter. And my expectation is given the wafers in line that we’ll most probably end-up this quarter at the high end of our inventory range or a little higher than that. But lots of inventory that we’ll be holding will be in die. 
Meera Rao: Storage right now is slightly above 50% and it is LCD and SSC and the SSC portion is growing, is a faster growing opportunity. 
Meera Rao: We were planning to increase our inventory that we had because our goal was to keep inventory as lean as we could in the channel and so our goal was to hold more inventory internally. So some of the increase was expected with the slowdown in turns we could have a little bit more inventory but we are going to hold most of the inventory in guide banks so that allows us to respond to either to a snap back or either so we can package it wherever the demand is. 
Meera Rao: Some of it is earlier adoptions then we would expect from new product ramp. We're seeing this in areas like the SMTP mix we talked about. We are seeing some of that in the [EZ Tab], things, the possibility, things that we might see something similar in networking as well. So we're just seeing a lot of interest in here and based on early feedback from customers, we think that we could get some design wins; we could get some early revenue in late Q4. 
Michael Hsing: Echoing back Meera now just said it, and we see that Q3 was a very optimistic and until the third week of June. And suddenly all there are slowdown, some of the stuff even pushed out but as I said in the last conference call, in the future revenues, and that particularly in the second half of 2012, because we have all these designing activity should hit the inner revenue stream. So we have we mentioned as key market we have the HDV market and in some of the industrial and offline EV power product lines, they all are going to show some early revenue in stock from Q4. And so, but that’s the way we see it and that’s what our customers forecast and what the revenue rate will be and so until then we know it. 
Michael Hsing: BCD, we are still converting from BCD2 to BCD3 technology. I don't know exactly what the percentage, maybe it's 30% to 40% and Meera can give you a better contribute. 
Michael Hsing: For Q3. The Q3 as I said earlier, [demand] in the third week of June which is, we realized that it's not as good as we thought. So, going for the future in Q4 and beyond we remain very optimistic. 
Michael Hsing: Yes, and usually the consumers and the gateway, those are products that have a very fast turn business. And we don’t see the very long-term booking. 
Michael Hsing: It was strictly say based on the BCD2 and I think the BCD2, we rough estimated that it would be some way of 70% and if the continuous effort to change the - to upgrade BCD2 process to a final version of a BCD3, and the full BCD3 as we said it, we used a die size by far a certain percentage, by 50% and those who bought products by hitting on the market and I think last year, third quarter of last year and those products my guess will be like a single digit of a percentage. But in between other ones like a backlight product we released last year summer time and it’s sort of in between. So overall the rough number is probably 30% to 40% and 20% to 30%, then well going forward, all the product will be based on this BCD3 and which is all using the mesh connect in network and also the technology with a 40% shrink. 
Michael Hsing: Yes, as for the utilization of course, if that's a negative, that is a negative side and it's not the medium line and if you drop to 5%, you will see a volume of that percentage as we talked about in our prior quarters and so what Meera just brought that up, the new product mix and I feel very strongly optimistic in the second half of this year and the new product will rank and bodes well with our high gross margin. So if you for pure modeling purpose, we will be slightly flat or flatly there. 
Michael Hsing: I see this as not necessary to get negative thing and in the past we have sudden slow down and you always will expect to see a sudden snap back. So given long-term even a slightly higher than our model inventory, if it’s slightly higher, then I can -- those products will have more effect in the long-term because our products lifecycle is about at least five years. 
Michael Hsing: The Romley and Sharkey, yeah we currently have a design win, not in the typical server makers, but we are in the networking company and we won the server either Romley and Sharkey design; or Romley design, okay. 
Michael Hsing: All of the new products for servers and even for some of the ultrabooks, they are all higher in the corporate margins and much higher than the corporate margin and you mentioned that the SSD and HDD and I think these are molding up about the same where they are much higher than a corporate model, corporate average number. 
Michael Hsing: I think one of those definite ones will be on graphics where we continue to see incremental revenues coming in. They’re from, all from the make and some of the other products that we've been releasing. We will continue, that’s going to be a continuing story on the networking side for the modules that we had talked about. We expect those revenues to ramp in 2013. We might even see some of the earlier revenue towards the end of the year and then the other ones, going into, if you go into 2013 is going to be our revenues from [indiscernible]. Everybody, easy to remember only seven things; so I can add a few more like the lighting and Meera didn’t mention that and we expect to see a lot more revenues and easy power the product line in as Meera mentioned that in her manuscript and the internet of things and it really I think it hit the market and as I said two or three quarters ago, this product will set the industrial standards and that’s the product and that’s the product we will see a lot of activities in the market and we expect volume will ramp up very soon. 
Michael Hsing: Let me add some more color on that. I said that many long time ago, as I always said, MPS’ inventory is not by a one to one relationship with the revenue and especially during a time, when you're ramping up the new product and we have to strategically build up an inventory for those product. The more new products you have, the larger inventory and so it's not quite a one-to-one relationship, pure is already a relationship with the future revenue. 
Michael Hsing: Yeah, our story hasn’t changed, I think been for the last couple of quarters. We all say that in middle of this year and that most of our products generating is from an existing product and in second half or later this year, it is all the new product that will move the needle slightly and so that story hasn't changed yet. 
