Michael R. Hsing: Let me hope the best. I think I will forecast on what we have seen in the region and in quarters that we have seen similar levels. And although we had design wins in the last year, it is difficult for us to project when these revenues will take and have significant effect on the gross margin. 
Michael R. Hsing: If you look in the past, in the past several quarters, and the margins continue to improve, improving. 
Michael R. Hsing: BCD3 all the products are out now and so we see a lot of good results, as Meera said it a while ago. And BCD4, we are trying to rollout by the end of Q3. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well, it's all high current products, and without BCD3 we wouldn't be able to do it. And these are very high current products in a very small package that enable us to open the volume of major networking and industrial accounts. And high volume business with the BCD3 out, that price reduction will reduce a significant amount, and that enable us to compete effectively in the high volume market again. 
Michael R. Hsing: As we said it before, we planned the release of our 70 products every year, and these are products we really believe that will further diversify our -- it's a game change, and the seed that we planted in the last couple of years. 
Michael R. Hsing: We have been working with a storage company for over a year. And last year the Thailand event didn't affected us and actually our product went according to schedule and always ahead of the schedule. And in 2012, we have a many more design win in the last year which will grow in 2012. 
Michael R. Hsing: That said, this is the first horse, and we have other ones. And we have a set top box, LED lighting, industrial market, and especially control and safety. In all of these, and we will see a significant growth in this year and also in the next year. 
Michael R. Hsing: No. Just the way we probably just to have a significant wins in A19 incandescent bulb replacement, we just reported that was large win. And other ones that we have, of course, in the Northern America and Europe, we engage with all of these traditional light bulb makers. And we have many, many design wins. We haven't really been in the production yet. 
Michael R. Hsing: And at the same time, the MPS business has sort of as we planned it last year, as a transition to higher value market, and we really don't know what's our seasonality, and we'll have to wait, and will play out. 
Michael R. Hsing: If you look at our design win activity, then although that's not really a strong indicator of future revenue, but there is more reason for us not to believe we have a significant change. 
Michael R. Hsing: I would say it's about, it is in the single million of dollars. And we expect that to increase in 2012, as the decline we talked about it kick in. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well, let me add from that angle. Our consumer business, the percentage in revenue stream went down significantly, and I don't see this year it will increase and will keep going down. So the product, and also the high volume business, we reduce the cost significantly. So but at the same time, we still have older generations. So looking into the future, we don't see a significant reduction on the gross margin. We see it in the last 3 or 4 quarters, and we keep it steadily increase slightly. But we don't forecast a big improvement. 
Michael R. Hsing: We try to do that. And we certainly, we have set a criteria what is called design wins. And some of the highly probable and the ones less probable. And we still try to figure out how to comment. And probably by next year this time, we can give you a better forecast based on the design win. At this time, it's difficult for us to say it. 
Michael R. Hsing: We are now at a 40m curve single chip now. I don't remember the size, 3 by 4 package, millimeter package. 
Michael R. Hsing: With the BCD4, we haven't really released any product now. And the chip size will be, as Meera indicated and said earlier, about 20% to 15%, for the high current, and probably will be another 30% reduction from the size. And but we haven't released any product yet. 
Michael R. Hsing: It is, the inventory is pretty low, but as you know, that the world is very -- in the recent periods, is very high, so we are play it very safe. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well, frankly, at this time, I don't have the numbers. And I am glad to answer you -- Meera, if you have -- okay, Meera, okay. 
Meera Rao: We expect it to be just have a little growth from these numbers, but pretty much the impact of the higher annual pay raises are all already baked into these numbers. So there will be a small uptick, but it's going to be small. 
Meera Rao: You will be seeing the impact of pay raises will be across both R&D and SG&A. But the impact of the hires that we have had is largely going to be in the sales and marketing area. And most of the hires have been done, we will just have a few more as we go through the year. 
Meera Rao: We will have annual repurchase and grants for new hires as we go through. I think the bigger factor that's going to impact our share count for fully diluted shares is going to be our average stock price for the quarter. As the average stock price goes up, we expect that the fully diluted share count would be higher. This just reflects the impact of underwater options coming into the money. 
Meera Rao: In terms of the tax rate, I would say continue to use something like 5% to 10% tax rate, like you have used in the past. Our U.S. revenues are fairly low, so we have a certain amount of volatility from the discrete items, so, but somewhere like in the 5% to 10% range, I think sounds right. 
Meera Rao: Typically Q2 is higher than Q1 and Q3 is higher than that, and it comes down in Q4. Beyond that, I don't want to give any color as to how high it could be, because the last few years have taught us that the seasonality patterns, other than directionally, we cannot predict it. 
Meera Rao: Sure. The end markets were, consumer was about 39% to 43%, computing was -- actually let me rephrase that. Let me start again. Communications was about 39% to 43%; computing was about 17% to 21%; consumer was about 31% to 35%; and industrial and others were about 6% to 8%. 
Meera Rao: We expect gross margins overall for this year to stay around 52.5% range. In a quarter, if our revenues were to go up, if it were to go up to around $65 million range, then we would see some improvement in that quarter coming in from better absorption. So we still think, since we are targeting revenue growth, I would say that for the most part of the year, we will be at current levels of 52.5%. 
Meera Rao: Sure. It is same as what we have said in the past. If you look from $48 million to go up to the $65 million, $70 million, there is 300 basis points that you could get as a pick up from just cost absorption. And so if I think every 2 or 3 -- we may not see it for $1 million or $2 million different, but every $2 million or $3 million of it, we'll see a pickup, a linear pickup, I would say that's the best way of looking at it. 
Meera Rao: Usually, we don't give our turns business in numbers. But recognize that this is an unusual quarter. So we came in with very strong bookings into the quarter and -- so all I am going to say is that, at the beginning of the quarter, we needed less than 20% turns business to hit the midpoint of our guidance. 
Meera Rao: If you look in Q4 about 30%, 32% of our revenues came in from new products that we launched in the last 2 to 3 years. 
Meera Rao: Thank you for joining us on this call, and thank you for your many questions. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Bye-bye. 
