Michael Hsing: Well, Alex, we plan this kind of ramp not from last year from -- not from this year last year, many years ago. And as you remember, in 2017, even '16, we said that we're going to on greenfield products will grow and exactly we don't know at plus or minus a year or so. And so we plan every aspect, including logistics and staff, assembly house and our internal testing. And this is not a 1-year thing. We planned a long time ago. And now when the revenues rent is a little better than we anticipated. And so that's where you see the result.
Michael Hsing: Yes, even the end of the second half of 2019 in -- the business is not as great, but we built according to our plan, and we know the business will come. Our -- at that time, I remember, our inventory is over 200 days. And that part of it, inventories made us -- our customers feel a lot more long more reliable, like MPS as a major player.
Michael Hsing: Just a pass on the cost to our customers. And as the margin expansion for our case, we said earlier, okay, setting in 2017 or '18, we don't have a headwind in -- by 2019. The, market slowed down a little bit and we built up a lot of some amortizations that -- in a production pipeline. So our margin went slightly lower, but it's not much lower. And now and you see this margin continued to grow.
Michael Hsing: If you combine all together, it's a kind of -- we're going to answer -- in the past, we answered those questions anyway and -- but when we reported on some numbers, and so which is more clear and publish you guys know it, have a less meaningful questions and any other reasons.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We started a couple of years ago. We already started doing so. And as you know that China and manufacturing in Asia is the center of the work, and we can't debate too much or not if they have a serious problems, I think everybody worry about it, even the bigger things. And yes -- the answer is yes, okay. We already started and establish in a different clinical environment.
Michael Hsing: Yes. As we're starting to about a couple of years ago, but maybe it's a little more than 12 months ago, we're starting.
Michael Hsing: Yes, outside Chengdu only, yes, we have -- other than these high reliability product in retesting in our side. And other than that, okay, we do pretty high volumes if it's about half of it. It's in a different facility. When I talk about -- I just mentioned about it is outside China.
Michael Hsing: Our lead time is in this quarter is the same as the last quarter. So probably even our booking even -- I don't see anything. The rate of our booking is now reduced and Bernie, you said.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Well, MPS is like selling . And we are not a dominant application supply. We got something in a. -- I mean so whatever we ship is that these are the small part of the solutions. And so we don't know, okay? That's -- actually, that's our model. That's a billion. We don't know where these costs -- and so whether the wall effectiveness, okay, and we're very, very much diversified. We actually don't know it. And okay, they call you there.  So the -- to answer your questions, I mean, only things, yes, we do know where the product was the data centers. The product if it goes to a car, mean these are we're pretty much not a lot where the product ended up, okay. And other than that, we don't.
Michael Hsing: Yes. That's a good question. I think that we answered the questions in last quarter, okay, we said that we're going to play in the $4 billion of revenues in the next couple of years. And so that's what we do and we continue to invest.
Michael Hsing: Yes. If the demand is there in this year, we will do it, yes. What will do $2 billion, as we said in a couple of years ago. And we continue to see the demand in, and we see the demand will be there. Okay. This is not a one -- a short term, okay, things. And if it does not happen that year, that will happen the year after.
Michael Hsing: Yes. 48 volts actually started in the automotive and also the silver and AI, okay, these CPUs. And for the 48 volts for the car, that's a different thing. but the same technologies. And also, we see these telecom areas, 48 volts, it's all standard and -- so now the 4Gs and the compliance with the 48 volts, again, we have a solution there. So there's a lot of areas we can grow.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And as we're talking with the product, the module is ramping, yes. So we provide -- we're providing whatever customer needs. We had a chip level on module level or solution levels.
Michael Hsing: Let me say that we do have a custom design for each of the areas that Bernie said from fiber optics to all the single chain, all the way to transmitters. And we do have a customer design. And based on our standard product modules -- and these are the products. It's not really a low end. It can be, but these products can be used for any other telecom, which provide a building market, it provide power solutions for each of these blocks -- each of these categories. And we do see a lot of activity now in the revenues is ramping now.
Michael Hsing: Well, the strategy is we're fired as many cylinders we can, okay? Whenever it grows, we grow, okay? And I think that's the strength among the diversifications. And in the next few quarters, we see the demand even for 2023 and '24, and these are pretty much similar, okay? We don't see that much of a difference.  And one thing we see it, okay, they -- we -- our customers demand more high-value product, which means they can easily adopt in ease of use and a much higher efficiency product and an energy using efficiency product. And so these are much better for us. Instead of our customer do lot development work, we do a lot of development work for our -- we develop the solution for our customers. So that means a higher dollar amount -- a higher dollar content. And so that's really we see that as only difference.
Michael Hsing: Absolutely hit us. And don't get me wrong. Even though we grow this much, if we were not that problem, so we ship a whole lot more but we just have -- we anticipated that a little better. So we can still roll in our -- one of our models, can mean there's not much of our model. And for the portion is above our model, even a year, 2 years and again.  And on the other hand, in -- other than our logistics and production limitations, our customers, they have a mix, too. And clearly, you see the auto business. I mean we have less problem of shipping product than other suppliers. So -- and you can't speculate in okay, because of in limited or -- they are buying -- they're purchasing of our product and for because they miss other parts.
Michael Hsing: Yes. It's or committed to sell our communications and not only in the cell like self the grand station there's a huge amount. There's new standards, and again, there's a lot of new activities in that. And we designed it into a few years ago. And mostly, it's a power modules. And also, we have related to these in the cell and I mean this a controlled the solar panels and also a lot of power box. And I think the value in this is so -- this is everywhere, okay -- and these are for antenna to powering up the antenna to power the receivers and also all the way down to the user interface, and we all benefit from.
Michael Hsing: I don't know how to qualify that, okay, because we don't -- we didn't really -- we didn't increase the price, okay, for those customers the first tier, the value the strategic customers because this prices are negotiated way before that. And we have the audit. And so we always said what we do. It's what we said what we do, okay? So we have to honor that.  And I think that also is a part of MPS branding and so that benefits the for long term. And for other high-value customers or high-value products and it's sporadic. This is the very beginning, a lot of customers don't even know or you offer these solutions but you offer that the entire solutions and -- so they don't even know that, okay. MPS is just starting to. And that actually relates to a few years ago, we said that we're going to do e-commerce, okay? We do e-commerce plug-and-play, programmable, all these things. And these are all related.  And so we do solar only for large customers, and I said we're a satellite company. We have the EV companies. We have a day 1 MPS, do a lot more or even the data centers and the demand of all these, we provide the entire unit. And they don't have to design it. So that's actually a across the board. I just named a few. But revenue is still small. We're starting.
Michael Hsing: And also, one of the questions is why the margin goes up and if these are 2 segments go sideways, okay? I mean the year-to-year -- year-over-year growth, I mean, if you look at it from a Q3 last year to now, those segments -- that contributes a lot of margins, okay, gross margins.  And the other segments, like consumers, I mean we phased out and there can be this not on the last year. So maybe the year, beginning of the last year. When the capacity gets issues, as you know, we always phase out these lower margin. That's another part of it. And -- but overall, the greenfield products drive the margins.
Michael Hsing: I think it's the solution, yes, you're right, okay? And then now the question is does depend on applications, 48 volts, down to 12 volts, down to directly to 1.2 volts. That's at the last part, okay, we don't do that and our customers -- and there's the few providers of the solution is not come -- and so we play in the market. I mean it's not to 12, 48 convert to 12 and convert 5 -- 4 or 5 volts, okay? That's the market we played. We came in and it's open builder materials. Everybody else can jump into it. And we -- so our competitor provides a similar solution.  And so that kind of -- we know this is the application, but which one, we don't know. Which one is hard to tell. All these high current products, and you probably know more than I do, okay, goes to 600 watt to 1,000 watts and even some of the couple of 1,000 watts. You see these are all MPS solutions now and these are -- the higher wattage you go, the volts get smaller.  And so in the coming years and those accelerate the costs, okay, the population in the data centers. And that's where you see it. These are 48 volts that convert to 12. And then you have a new solutions that we provide so you can to a firewall. So okay, an increase close to 1% of efficiency, which is a lot.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We obviously -- okay, and we do well. And we do PCs and case PC, the commercial PCs, that even the low end of business from OEs. And -- but for us, it's a very opportunistic because we have a product developed for server. And without much of an engineering effort, we can spin off to do other products. We did a product for commercial PC and for commercial norms.  And on the other end, we do battery management. We do actually panel. And -- pretty much, we can offer an mobile solutions other than memories, other than the CPUs. And so that's -- it's very opportunistic. And we -- currently, we see the demand is very strong.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can add to that, we've also built inventories so that in 178 days, we're just at the lower end of our goal of being between 180 and 200 days, which provides us a good insurance policy as we look ahead to achieving our numbers for the second half of the year.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. As you've seen both in the results that we had for Q1, along with our guidance for Q2, which positions us around 59% gross margin, I think we've done a fair job of -- digesting is the incorrect word, but acknowledging the uplift in our margins as a result of our product mix. So again, I'll give the same answer I did last time that we believe that we've created a new floor gross margins once we can expand 10 to 20 basis points sequentially. But again, if opportunistically, we see a back set, which allows us to take it up another, we will be happy to take that.  I want to emphasize that, well, most of our peer companies have benefited both in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion from price increases, Ours has been driven primarily by the change in revenue mix, which is favoring these higher-value products. And it was only in February of this year we did a broad-based increase of our prices but that was still far below what the market has seen.
Bernie Blegen: I think, Matt, you did a good job of saying that this is clearly an inflection point for us, inflection year which will gain momentum as we see both Intel and AMD position for product releases are coming up here. So that, in addition to the expanding footprint we have in both 48-volt and artificial intelligence, we believe that this will be one of our areas for sustainable growth for certainly next 3 to 5 years. And exactly as Michael said, we believe that providing better transparency is definitely a better information for our investors.
Bernie Blegen: I think that on a dollar or percent basis, we're going to see an accelerating ramp in enterprise, particularly during the second half of the year. I think we're going to see continued growth in our storage and computing albeit probably not at the same rate. Part of the reason for that is that storage tends to be a precursor at least from our experience to a data center ramp. So I think in each of the 2 prior quarters, we've seen a good, strong ramp in storage, and now we're expecting 2 to 3 quarters in the data center.  In the rest of the business, communications, as we said, we've broadened into not only 5G but also into satellite communications. And that's going to continue to be a driver for the foreseeable future. In the other areas, obviously, consumer, that is coming along, we emphasized Internet of Things but we -- actually, the growth there is broad-based.
Bernie Blegen: With the testing capacity in Chengdu. We've concentrated that on some of our higher value parts including automotive. And now as Michael just said is now we've started transition where we can actually have third parties. So we actually have a built-in contingency plan.
Bernie Blegen: And you took my answer on both ones that lead times have remained very consistent each in the last 3 quarters. And again, what you're seeing as far as the build of inventories has been a very conscious and deliberate decision to build the inventories in advance, particularly on the enterprise side, to meet the demand we expect for the second half of the year. And then I think that we've done a good job of positioning ourselves under what has now become uncertain environment.
Bernie Blegen: Just reinforcing the answer from before, there is no significant KPI, whether it's in the bookings or any other area of our business that we're seeing a change over the past 2, 3 quarters. That's helpful.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And I think just to sort of lend some credibility to that, you recall about a year ago, that we offer by the end of Q2, in 2022, that would be at a $2 billion run rate. And with the guide that we have provided and the expectations ahead, I think that's a milestone that backs up the amount of visibility in our supply chain. So right now, the goal as Michael said, $4 billion.
Bernie Blegen: And I think that the 48 Volt, not only are we seeing the ramp, its adoption more broadly, but competitively, I would offer that we're very well positioned with some of the new technologies that we've rolled out and expect to roll out during the course of the next 18 months. So I think here again, we time our product releases pretty well with the inflection of this market opportunity.
Bernie Blegen: The 5G is a relatively new market segment for us. So it's not like we can draw from our prior experience and calibrated up or down. We're sort of living a little hand to mouth on what demand looks like and how fast we're shipping. So we don't have a real good predictive model. What we talked to you about in the past has been that, again, we believe on a broad base, not only with as you referred to the top 3 but with a number of partners related to 5G infrastructure, we're providing content.  And while it's easy to look at the base station as a means of calculating out what the SAM is available to us. I think that we're also in fiber optic in the data center support for 5G as well as in the transceiver of the base station. And again, I think, as we pointed out, a lot of the initial technology that we're putting in is tending to be lower end and not necessarily specialized or adapted to 5G specifically.  So we don't have the same level of visibility on how it's being deployed, and we've used this strategy in the past with data center. We comment with lower dollar value content, build the relationships and then we're able to go to higher value content.
Bernie Blegen: And I think that we continue to be very resilient under a number of environmental circumstances. Part of that is the planning that we've set 3, 4 years ago, and some of it is how diversified long is and some of it is how adaptive we can be in the moment. So again, we did acknowledge the impact our customer supply chain affecting us, but I wouldn't say that, that is a pronounced element and we're continuing to monitor it.
Bernie Blegen: Let me reference wehat Michael said earlier. It's the power of our model of diversification of the end markets. And if you go back to the performance, the revenue performance that we demonstrated in industrial and automotive last year, they were leaders in our growth drivers. In the current year and reflected what's the health of the 2 end markets, it really came down to it being the timing of shipments.  So we believe that as far as the design rules that are coming in, that we don't believe that we overshipped them to the extent that that's going to cause us a problem. The orders on the book remained incredibly positive. So again, it's just -- it's more different to quarter-over-quarter as opposed to anything fundamentally different about the market.
Bernie Blegen: And just to add to Michael's point, as far as phasing out lower margin business, we're trying to rationalize our wafer starts to capture the largest opportunity. And as a result, some of the lower-margin business that we would have used to have in our portfolio, we haven't emphasized that in our production planning. It's just not there as a component of our business like it has been historically.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And just to add to that, Michael, is we have a very good footprint in the commercial side. And because we have so many different client offerings, what we're seeing is being able to sell additional content into those same platforms.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thanks, Gen. I'd like to thank you all for joining us on the Q1 2022 earnings webinar. I look forward to talking to you again during our second quarter conference call, which we would like to be in July. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Tore Svanberg: Congratulations on another record quarter, quite stunning. First question is on long-term growth. So you grew more than 40% last year. It looks like you're on track to growing another 40% this year at least. Michael, in the past, you've said there's no reason why you can't accelerate growth even though you have higher revenues.
Tore Svanberg: So I'm just trying to understand what you think about long-term growth at this point. Is 40% the right number? I know you're probably not going to commit to a number, but yes, anything you can add on that would be great.
Tore Svanberg: That's great perspective, Michael. As my follow-up, I wasn't aware you had a lot of traction in the sat comm market. I was just hoping you could add a little bit more color there, what types of applications, what are some of the strengths the company has today in that market. And are you continuing to introduce new products? Because that's -- to me, it's obviously a very high-margin business, right, but it's also a very difficult market to crack into.
