Bernie Blegen: Thanks Gen. For the full year 2020, MPS achieved record revenue $844.5 million, growing 34.5% from the prior year. This performance represented consistent execution against our strategies and being recognized by more first tier companies for superior technologies, product quality and excellent customer. As we see more high quality growth opportunities ahead of us, we continue to successfully invest in our infrastructure and capabilities that support that growth. Here are a few highlights, which we achieved in 2020. Brought online a new 12-inch fab one year ahead of schedule allowing for qualified parts to be shipped in Q4 of this year. We will continue to invest in the capacity and diversity of our supply chain with plans to bring up a new 8-inch fab in 2021; began volume shipments of 48 volt QSMOD technology for AI applications, proving the commercial viability of our leading edge system solutions in this critically important market; Designed an integrated power management solution for autonomous driving vehicles. Shipments began to ramp in Q3 of 2020. Launched our ESG website, aggregating all of our environmental, social and governance values, policies and practices into one easily access location. Customers, employees, shareholders are now able to fully appreciate MPS's commitment to sustainability, transparency of our business practices and our ongoing social responsibility.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that we saw in 2020 that revenue in both automotive and industrial were probably most heavily impacted because of the COVID pandemic. So what we saw in the second half of the year is that both of those two markets showed marked improvement and have significant momentum as we go into 2021. But really we're broad based. So a lot of the trends that we saw that we benefited from in 2020 will continue on, possibly the only exception is communications, which had a strong three quarters that would be difficult to compare against.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And I think that that's a reflection of continued strong demand in the face of industry-wide capacity constraints. So, we've actually had to manage at this level now for about the last three to four quarters. And I'm not saying that we're getting good at it, but we're certainly believe we have it as well under control as possible, a good handle on it. So that we're escalating shipments only based on the needs of the end-user, as opposed to anyone building inventory in either the channel or on customer shelves. And the reason we can meet the most off our customer's demand is -- due to we end -- we add a capacity at the beginning of last year and now we can fulfill most of it.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that in the computing, we had seen in 2018 and 2019 a run up in notebooks and really in 2020 it was increased demand in the data center, both in terms of powering servers, as well as the storage. In the consumer market, we've benefited from the once every three year refresh of the gaming console. And also we saw a nice uptick, both in home appliances, as well as wearables or mobility. And then when we look at industrial and automotive, as I said earlier, both of those seem to be handicapped at the beginning of the year where we have design wins, but we can't guarantee what the market circumstances are going to be. So, the unit sales on some of the new products we were introduced were a little limited, but certainly showed a lot of strength in the second half of the year.
Bernie Blegen: I'd say the only thing in the first half that gives us a little pause aside from the communications comparable is that there's probably going to be some softness in the first half of the year related to computing on the -- at the data center. But outside of that, Michael's exactly right.
Bernie Blegen: And Rick, just one more point is that, I think we've read that the auto industry is suffering from its own capacity issues or being able to have a stable supply chain. As I look at our Q1 numbers that is not directly impacting our demand or our ability to ship.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think if you look at whether it's the inventory that we hold on our books or particularly in the channel, it's very lean right now, and then we've already discussed delinquencies. So, we have a lot of catch up to do before we really can get the model to the 180 to 200-day goal.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. It's a great question. And thanks for allowing us the opportunity to give a little more context here. With the new fab, I mean, we were very pleased to report is one of our highlights that we were able to qualify parts and be able to inventory and ship them. But that process of qualifying more parts so that it can be meaningful as far as both deliveries and the dressing our delinquencies is ongoing. And it's going to require an investment both in the 12-inch capability, as well as this new fab that we're bringing up in 2021. So just because we've qualified a few parts and we've got the process started, it still takes about nine to 12 months before you have the full capability of.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And I think there's two forms. There's a -- you identified one customer in particular. And I think we might see that begin to ramp in the second half of this year. But I think more broadly other opportunities are starting to come on not just with the top tier, but some of the second tier customers in the 5G and infrastructure area.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. We had -- revenue doubled in 2020, and we exited the year where it continued to increase sequentially quarter. And it's interesting because we thought that it would have more narrow applications, particularly in industrial. But in fact, it's proven to be very broad based and also is sustainable. What I mean by that last point is that we thought that if people want to unit volumes, they might be more likely to go to components and just buy Silicon. And in fact, we're seeing a lot of people that are going into volume shipments with the modules as well.
Bernie Blegen: On the dollar content, I just want to go back to that because it's an important part is this is not just unit sales, but some of the new applications that we're bringing on. We go from having $10 of available content to upwards of $40 or $50 for a complete system. So, we're getting both the unit as well as the ASP expansion.
Bernie Blegen: Again, we don't generally talk about individual customers. Sine this one's gotten so much visibility. We actually have three primary lines of business with them. One is in the consumer, one is in the data center and the other is an infrastructure.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. So, on a non-GAAP basis, we've historically used 7.5% and now we've moved to 10%, which represents that there's certain stock comp that is not as a deductible as it was in prior years. And then, looking ahead, we're not going to try to out guess what the Biden administration is going to do. But I think that we need to be sensitive to the fact that there may be increases both in the domestic rate as well as a higher tax rate on any international profits.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thank you everybody. Appreciate your joining us for this conference call and look forward to talking to you again the first quarter of 2021, which should likely be in the April timeframe. Thanks again, and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Well, we said in a couple of quarters ago, we're building a capacity to bidding dollars capability. And so that's all our long-term strategy. We'll do that anyway. And just reason -- in a reason from a last year we pulling a little faster, like we can active -- anticipated these goes up and down. So, as we play for a long-term futures and -- but in the recent years, obviously, with the pulling and increased capacities, okay, as we started in the early last year and we are a little bit ahead of the game -- ahead of the market demands. And from -- looking at near futures we are continued to do so. We still facing delinquent.
Michael Hsing: I think last quarter -- we talk about last couple of quarters, we have continued facing a delinquent -- delinquencies and this quarter is in the last quarter we are relatively similar and two quarters ago we're facing a bit quite more.
Michael Hsing: Now, we tried to diversify outside the China as we speaking and these fabs what could be -- we're still exploring and engaged -- at the beginning of the engagement with both -- with a fab within China and outside of China.
Michael Hsing: But the softness -- it's not going down. So, still going as not as a strong, but the demand is still -- slightly more than we expected. Yeah.
Michael Hsing: Well -- and if you look at it in the past three or four years, okay, I mean, we grow some things like in -- from 17% to 25% in the levels. In 2019, right, we grow only 8% and -- but our designing -- all these opportunities still there. Okay? I mean, we just shifted to -- from 2019 to 2020. And so again, in the automotive, industrial in the first half a year, wasn't there. So like a catch up in the second half a year. And in a computing, communications and -- what else I'm missing
Michael Hsing: Yeah, consumers, okay. In the beginning, is a stronger than -- a little bit stronger than normal. And I will say that it's probably even out from 2019s and this year we can see that -- we never forecast a macro economy condition, but we do see these product and we facing a shortages on Amazon's on these the Best Buy and we believe these all are real.
Michael Hsing: Let me talk about your second part first. Growth overall for MPS is limiting by our capacities and utilization of a total capacity. As you know, we have a few thousand -- 4,000 parts and it's inconceivable. We can utilize it in the entire capacities. For the auto growth, yes, okay, we -- as Bernie said earlier, we have ADAS in the stock to rent in the last quarter or so. And we have more customers start to ramp that can -- these are the very high end product and we are very pleased with it Other products in orders, we talk about it in the past, okay, from a lighting to liftgates to -- all the other power modules in auto and now we see start to ramp. We just -- just at the beginning we see all these products start to ramp. But these are still at the beginning.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. We are so small in a market presence in auto industry, but all of these initial ramp and it changes the needles in a revenue stream.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. I can't relate those acronym, these names with that. I know the VR 13.5 is mostly -- is a ramp -- is a ramping now, as we see the revenue growth. Now VR 14, I think is a -- that'll be a next year story.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We -- obviously now you see the consumers segment is growth too, and we have some -- and the slightly, or even with the lower gross margin. On the other hand, yes. The manufacturer costs is going up.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's -- demand keep coming as is now. It wouldn't be difficult. We think about it end of the end of the year, we hope we will can go back to 180 to 200 days of inventory.
Michael Hsing: In 2020, we increase our capacity by 25%. It's -- pointing of off from my head, my rough calculations is about 20% to 25% increase last year.
Michael Hsing: I think it's -- the result is a very good in the middle of this high demand. Actually, Bernie can tell you what is the ramps, okay, what is the increase.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. It's all across our product lines. That's so I don't have total numbers for the modules that are -- in roughly, so like a $30 million, $40 million now, okay, I mean, compare a year ago. As Bernie said, it is half of that.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. This is -- it's a great help. We set it up, okay, just at the beginning of our -- just the right before pandemics. All these softwares, videos everything's and also the bench, okay, the working bench, we just set that up we turn it on when the pandemic happens and it's receiver enormous praise from our customers. And in terms of how many new customers, we are really, really careful about. We increased a few thousand percent from the videos, from the virtual bench. Yeah.
Michael Hsing: Well, I think I should answer Rick Schafer's questions the more precise. The BMS is not -- we don't have a clear design wins in all those sites. And -- but to answer -- your question is we have pretty much across the board in from the body controls to ADAS and to lightings and to ADAS and also to all the sensors. And we have pretty much across the board, but our content that we expanded from $150, $140, and essentially doubled it. And -- but everything's at the beginning, while MPS' revenue so small, so we just -- but you see the net change.
Michael Hsing: We're not talking about revenue small as a compare the market opportunity. As we said, we address the $6 billion market segments. And as now all MPS' product became as a total -- that's a total state. And we only have over hundred some million dollars in revenues.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. $110 million in the most of a new product and ramping started from last year, second half of year.
Michael Hsing: Well, our products there -- again, there's a -- says the building blocks, okay. I mean, particularly in form former comm business and also …
Michael Hsing: The data centers, okay. And the shared same product. And we don't know exactly what they -- how they divide it. But consumer device -- consumer device more in the chargers, in the -- that we know. It's a pretty much -- it's continues.
