Michael R. Hsing: Good afternoon and welcome to second quarter's 2016 Monolithic Power conference call. First of all, let me introduce you to MPS' new CFO, Bernie Blegen. As you already know, Bernie has been with the MPS as our Corporate Controller for the past five years. It's our philosophy that we give our internal candidate the first opportunity to rise to the rank. In the past two quarters, Bernie has been well received by our shareholders after having worked with many of you. So now please join with me to congratulate Bernie on his new role. Now I pass to Bernie.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. As we speaking, so we – traditional gateway business in the – this was MPS traditional business. And as we are speaking, we are changing the content in the last few years by 50%. And so the legacy business is only about 50% of that total. All the other ones has a much higher margin and that we are gradually changing it. As you know, the telecom business, it takes a while and these are the products we offer the better performers, but not really our outstanding. They must have it. The next generation product, we feel like that there's a lot of wow factors in it; and a lot of people that want those product. And I think it will lead MPS in the particularly, in the telecom areas, in the new directions.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. We – this was the case here that you can't grow the company out of thin air. And we managed the growth, we managed the gross margin, however in the expense, maybe it's not – there's a lot of conditional, and we have opportunity to hide people and also it's time to upgrade the fab, and that's we talked to – or we communicated to our shareholders in many quarters ago. This year it will go up a little bit, but however, we're still operating within our margin and within our business model, and we will continue to do the same.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. Obviously with our longer-term plan and if you look at our spending, I know the Wall Street doesn't look in the past. But if you look at our past, some year we spend high, other one we spend almost – don't spend at-all, and don't increase the spending at all. So that's the nature of the business. And to answer your questions, after fourth quarter or so, I think that we go back to our long-term plan, and then we end up well below at the lower end of our model.
Michael R. Hsing: And as we hire a few more people, we still need absorbent. We cannot just continue to hide. We need to absorb and we reorganized the teams a little bit and that's the nature our business is. This year it happened to have a few good people available, we can hide. And we are very picky to hide people and we only choose a few good guys.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. We feel that. As we said it in some of the small meters and also other industrial equipment and the security side. These area we are very...
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. We don't want to be known as a automotive company. And we want to have a very balanced growth across all the segments.
Michael R. Hsing: I think as we – yeah, it's above this growth rate as I talked about it in the early quarters. And then I think it happened in the second half of – starting second half of next year and we will break out more than 20% gross. And I see it as not only from automotive as we keep talking about, like I mean automotive then in – but we do have other areas, like servers, even consumers – in the consumer segment. We see a variety of a designing activities and our products are proven to be the choice for all these segments. And we look it overall, I think our three years, four years – our planning, okay, it will happen in the next year, in a year and a half.
Michael R. Hsing: So in our turns business when we go in the quarter, it's much, much lower than that of a few years ago, even two years ago.
Michael R. Hsing: All right. Okay. I'll give you a straight answer. One thing is – okay, four years ago we laid out our plans we're going to do this, this and that, and telecom was a part of it. We have other low-hanging fruits, and we got it. And telecom is sort of neglected. And so I had to say that. And as a result, that reflects what's been there today. Although in the telecom content, we're using other product, mainly these are – such as point of load and the other ones, the power of Ethernet and we grow some market shares. And these are much higher values than gateway business, but my take on it is we have to have a killer product. And while releasing this killer product and that's a family (40:56). And we address this telecom market. It is very easy to use and very high efficiencies and a very compact size. And I think that we're going to be – these products would be far better than everybody else in the market now. And we expect it to have a very, very good growth. However, the telecom as you know – again it kind of is even slower than automotive, and their product cycles, we have to meet with it, but long-term perspectives of it very good.
Michael R. Hsing: I mean for the dollar amount, yes our case is similar, but the content probably grow to a higher margin area, less of a point low for gateway, but the gateway businesses are pretty quick. And within the half year, we can turn it on and turn it off. So we judge our growth and we judge the fab capacities.
Michael R. Hsing: We don't release design win activities and we don't release the particular project to design wins, meaning we don't as our competitors are looking at us very carefully.
Michael R. Hsing: And very closely. And however, so I'm not going to say look we have – in the last half years, all these first tiers really opened up all the opportunity to MPS, and lot of them are very highly visible project. MPS won it.
Michael R. Hsing: But all this revenue we generated now more than 70%-80% or maybe not. Yeah 70%-80% – at least about 70% as well from a point of load for ease-of-use. And the core power is just start to ramp now. And as you see that what the market size is, okay, and there is only a very few players, and MPS can be a significant player there.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. I don't say it as it is up and down. I think there is everything as expected. And then, I think, in the last quarter said that we delayed that chip for a couple of months. Now we have it in our – in the Bernie's script we said it, okay, we sampled our chip. We have the chip product. And a couple of customers, okay they want – and they start to evaluating it. And actually we're working with them very closely on it. The first time the chip is functioning well, and meet our expectations. That's a very complex product and both we and our customers, they're surprised, even working.
Michael R. Hsing: And I have a very high expectation on this technology as you know, and that will really a revolution change the way we do and manage the E.MOTION, okay or generate energy.
Michael R. Hsing: Well we haven't just set-up a website, we're just starting to selling the modules so we haven't – clearly you look at our website hasn't launched it yet.
Michael R. Hsing: The powertrain and a lot of them are single failure components. Can we – those area we want to avoid it. And of course, if they want to buy, okay, we won't buy any of these liabilities that came in and but we are focused on the infotainment, lighting, camera and... A – [009PNL-E Bernie Blegen]>: Networking.
Michael R. Hsing: ... networking the call – networking even something ignition area – in summa safety arena where we will engage with all business, but the powertrain's no.
Michael R. Hsing: I think as average of – on analyst day, we said we have a model pulling up, it's like somewhere the $1.40.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. And I think that you focused on a very key element there is that, while we have been sort of treading water with the market segment in total, there's been a pronounced shift as we've been moving increasingly towards the telecom and away from the gateway and the wireless per se. So as far as looking at the trend lines going forward, we see that displacement continuing, but again there isn't necessarily a point of inflection until we get the new product releases that we expect to start coming out in the middle second half of 2017.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: I think that you've touched on a good point there as far as the parallel between the two, and that we're little further ahead in the automotive as far as how we were able to make the long-term commitment to the market that it takes to get designed in, and we're seeing those benefits now. And likewise, we've just released particularly the QS MOD products that are ideally suited to the servers going forward. And with the next design cycle for the Intel processors, we expect to pick up an awful lot of that business and market share.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think that we've been very consistent as far as how we portrayed this, that we had about a $2 million investment to make in this year. We'll have cycled through the majority of that by the end of Q3, and there may be a little bit of tail into Q4, but as I said in the previous call, we've already started taking the material deliveries from the fab.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. We have a couple of things that are going on. We have a relatively consistent spend rate that has to do with the testing equipment, mainly in our Chengdu facility. This time we also purchased a office space for our Shenzhen location. And so, the two of those events are really costing the bump up, but when you look at the office space investment, we are doing that on a basis that expands our capacity as far as the number of people that we can have in that office, and we're doing that on the basis that is less dilutive than if we had continued to rent.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: No. As we referenced in the script here, we did a fair amount of staffing in Q3. Some of that was related to new product investment. A lot of it was also related to sales and marketing resources. So when you look at the operating expense growth, which we again tried to project last quarter, you see sort of the one-time expense that's going to ramp down in the fab investment, and then we will not be necessarily doing a repeat of the level of investment that we're making going forward, so that's going to get trending out as our revenues continue to increase.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. The model as far as looking at additional opportunities in order to replace leased office space with purchased is continuing. So if you look at our office locations, you can see there's probably two or three candidates that still remain as opportunities for us to invest in.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: ... this is very sound, in that flattening to down as far as – because we no longer have the need for the further investment in the fab.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Okay. So to give a little bit more granularity, first on the storage and computing. We're looking at – first off let's talk to storage which has enjoyed some significant growth particularly in SSD, but that's been counterbalanced by what we've been seeing with the HDD marketplace. So, I think the overall trend line in storage remains very positive. But I think that when you look at our near-term prospects, it's going to be overshadowed by the opportunity that we see in both the notebooks, where we are starting to graduate to, looking ahead to the next-generation of servers from the Skylake to Kaby Lake, both in terms of – there're more opportunities where we are getting designed in and we see that actually Kaby Lake is getting a little bit of delay. And that actually works to our benefit because it's giving us more of an opportunity to be able to get designed in for the Kaby Lake release, which should be out in the 2017-ish there. But on the servers, I think that's a very consistent story where we had been able to gain content and dollar value that we've been selling in, particularly to the Tier 1s within the current Grantley cycle. And those relationships as well as the their understanding of what our technology does particularly with QS MOD which has really been gaining traction, probably on par ahead of what we've expected. And so I'd say that the two growth drivers for those areas would be the notebooks and the servers, and that would come about evenly and we may get some net pick up from storage, but again, you've got two offsetting dynamics there.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. When you look at your second question, as far as the communications, one of the things that we are seeing better traction on is as far as the network or telecom business. And again, as Michael pointed out during our first comments, that it is kind of a lumpy business. It takes a long time to get designed in. And even though we see some initial opportunities particularly in the next probably two quarters to three quarters, it'll really be when the next set of products are released that we see the uplift there. And then as far as on the gateway, you know a coloring item there that we've discussed in the past is that we sort of play some of the low margin business opportunistically. So, in a quarter like this where we had visibility of the types of gains that we had in both the industrial and computing, we really didn't have to draw much from that market space. And so as the consequence, it really was not just a – it didn't grow, but it actually had expense decrease.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Let me add one more thing to that, is that even though automotive is both the largest individual contributor as well as the largest growth driver, it's kind of unfortunate that these other areas that Michael just mentioned get overshadowed by comparison, because cumulatively they're a little bit smaller than automotive, but their growth rates remain very attractive and we believe that there will continue to be growth drivers not just for the remainder of this year, but well into 2017 and 2018.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: And just to reiterate a couple of the growth drivers that I think you're talking about, that we've talked about is continuation of strength in automotive as well as in the other industrial categories. The computing really as far as looking at the Grantley conversion to Purley, the design win activity that we have there. Likewise, with Skylake going to Kaby Lake. We also have the introduction of the modules which we'll really be ramping and taking off. And we also have our battery management systems which are scheduled to come out there. So you really have a number of opportunities that are all hitting the market at about the same time, and that's what gives rise to our optimism.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: No. What was interesting is, generally speaking, the channel is investing as you're looking at going into Q3. And midway through the quarter, that was our experience. And then in the last month we saw a couple of geographic pockets that had higher demand than we'd expected, and we obviously manage or dip the inventory between a range of 30 days to 45 days, and we're sort of in the middle of that, right now, having come down about 10% on days.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. So as we've had the experience of being able to transition away from consumer, which tends to rely much heavily on turns business. We have been able to finish the quarter with visibility that's as long as four months to six months out, and that's been one of the side benefits that we've enjoyed as we've picked up more of the industrial, but also computing that both those demand longer lead times. So as a result, it gives us the confidence to be able to project our revenues as well as our gross margin and then sort of establish the base financial model around that as much as you know four months to six months ahead of time. So, at least in the environment that we're enjoying right now where there's a minimum of either economic headwinds or any other variables, it's led to a very stable and predictable alignment for which has to manage high level of growth.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: And I can finish just by adding the comment that when we look at Q3, we're not in a dissimilar position from where we were in Q2. And I even say that recognizing that we're releasing our earnings to you today about a week ahead of when we did it last quarter.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. There's going to be some alignment. Again, the telecom industry is going to go from four to five. And during that transition, we'll probably pick up more design opportunities.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: So what I indicated previously is that, at last year it represented a little over a third of the industrial group and it's growing, you know, I think not quite a doubling but at a very high double-digit growth rate when the group itself is growing at, you know, in the 40%s.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: So I can add to it. I think Anil you did a good job at helping us by saying that the dollar content per server is going to go up significantly because we now have a very competitive VCORE solution. And the design wins that we're enjoying are reflective of all the content that we have and they're broad-based as far as the number of tier one and tier two server OEMs that we're working with.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: We're generating revenue currently and we're actually starting to get a good ramp, but I think we try to set the expectations out into 2017 and 2018.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: The e-commerce rollout is initially expected to help with demand creation as far as being able to reach areas of the market that we could not cost-effectively do. So when you look at the initial opportunity when we launch what we're expecting to be able to do is right now there's a very high service component in order to be able to get design wins. And if we have to add one Fae in order to get one account, what we want to get to is to lower our sales and marketing investment, because we're able to attract and get customers designed in through the e-commerce solution. So it's going be something that we'll be introducing and then it's going to evolve and develop. But it won't be an immediate click the switch and have all our business transitioned to that platform.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: And I don't think that we increased somewhat – I don't think it has no significant change for the year.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Thank you. I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call and look forward to talking to you again at our third quarter conference call. Thank you. Have a nice day.
