Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. When we look at the backlog going into the quarter, as well as the momentum that we carried in from the prior quarter, we feel that we're in comparable shape to when we were going into either Q1 of last – or Q2 of last year or Q1 of this year. So, all-in-all I feel, we're in pretty good shape.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. So I can take some of the numbers there, and then I can defer to Michael as far as the programmable. In general, the modules business is on track with what we were expecting, and what we presented at the Analyst Day earlier. We've introduced a number of products, and we've obtained a number of very positive reviews and several design wins which are generating good revenue right now, obviously with the longer-term growth opportunities coming later this year and into 2017.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Thanks for the good words on the quarter. So, the progress on the foundry is coming along quite well. In fact, we've already started to take some deliveries of wafer from it, and we have several products that are actually in production. We're if I could characterize it probably at about the mid-point of bringing up all the products that we want to, and it is not restricted to only the BCD5, but also a couple of the earlier versions as well.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: No, no. I think that there were a lot of positives that we take away from this quarter relative to both how we performed in Q4 as well as against our expectations. The growth that we're seeing in Industrial, and particularly a lot of that is driven through automotive, but also our high value opportunities in the power sourcing and in security are ramping very nicely. And I think, going back to the point that we made in the script is that, I think that we've done a good job of being able to get introduced to a lot of high-value opportunities, and now what we want to do is be able to capitalize further to both continue and accelerate that growth. Likewise, when we look at the Computing, we saw very good opportunities in the high-end notebook and a continuation of progress in Storage as well. So in the Computing and Storage, in fact it was a pretty balanced approach. We didn't have any categories that fell short of our expectation. So when I sum it up, I think we've touched on Communications, that went down in Q3 of last year, but as we pointed out, it's trending nicely, and we have good opportunities there.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: So, as far as – I'll take your first question on automotive, is that, certainly being – we're such a small component in selling into that huge market opportunity that we have tremendous upside both in terms as far as introducing new content to the cars as well as expanding on the designs that we've already had built in. So we're very excited about automotive, obviously. And then as far as like what we are trying to signal as far as the sales and marketing expenses is that, there's just a real opportunity to continue this growth. We've done, we've already made the investment in R&D as far as the design, the process technology, and now the fabs, and so in order to complete the rollout to be successful is to invest appropriately in sales and marketing.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: There's two components to that. So, yes, we did experience a dollar increase as far as inventory in the channel, but as significantly is, we're calculating the days off of a lower denominator with the lower revenue. So in fact the pattern conformed pretty much to the normal seasonal that we've seen. For Q2 we're actually going in with the expectation of not increasing the channel inventory in terms of days keep maintaining those generally about flat maybe a day increase or so, but we don't expect that to be material.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah, I think that, what we've said in the past is that, of the Industrial, it comprises about a third of that segment, and now auto is starting to increase as a percentage of that segment as their sales are growing faster than the remainder of that market.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah, there was no one-item per se. What we had seen is that working capital in each of the three prior quarters had consumed cash and in this quarter it actually turned to be beneficial as receivables in particular went down.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. So when we look at the battery management, currently it's still relatively small, relative to the overall opportunity, but it is growing significantly more than any of our other market segments in Consumer.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Great, thank you very much. I'd like to thank you all for joining us on this conference call, and look forward to talking to you again in July at our second quarter conference call. Thank you. Have a nice day.
Michael R. Hsing: I'd just add on, like I mean, given in the last few years, and then when we go into the quarters, and has a more and a more less term business, and a more and more booked (12:41) and although we don't release the numbers, but the trend is very good for our long-term business.
Michael R. Hsing: Let me answer that. And the short answer is, no. That came in, because a lot of those Communication business during – in the wireless LAN, that's from the legacy product. And although we're doing pretty well, and those are business we're very opportunistic to gain revenues and margin dollars. However, we're going to reverse that, and it will be a lot more sustainable market, I see it in a couple of years down the road. We are now releasing the product for telecom market segment, and I really believe these are winners, and we will take shares in the large – this market segment.
Michael R. Hsing: The programmable modules, and as we talked about in the last Analyst Call, those are products that – at the time we talked about it, is about a year, a year and half away. So we haven't really, really generated any revenue yet, but we're starting sample rate in those modules. And from the last time in, I know in the history of MPS, we didn't talk about all the products until we generate revenue. However, our business model changes, and also particular changes in anything what we do now will affect two years or three years later. So in the last year, Analyst Day, we talk about all the products that would generate revenue two years or three years down the road.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah, and also the overall manufactured capacity, we transfer out in low-end product, but those are traditional products; high volume, we go to a testing house, and for packaging in testing, we are in-house or we're more developed or more high in a very high quality products, and those are – we have a much better control, much worthwhile in the long term.
Michael R. Hsing: It is true, there's limited resources, like I mean, but as Bernie said in the script, we mindfully invested, and not affecting our long-term growth model – I'm not giving you any – but are really excited about this technology. And as you see it, we generate, already generate pretty meaningful revenue from Sensima's existing product. And once we put their products in our – are qualified and now we transfer into our own foundry, and the volumes are going to increase quite a bit. However, those products are still in Consumers' area, and as expected, and you have a fast ramp it's always in those Consumer area. And now, the more exciting thing is for the future, we changed the way our, the behavior of – design engineer behaviors, all these machine design, these are equipment designer, it takes time. And but we introduced all these ideas in the products and concepts and we're designing and some of them we're co-designing with all these first tier customers, and those, I'm very confident those revenue will come.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah, we don't – to answer your questions, do we have – expected a gain or loss, and again, MPS' revenues are very much expected, and are very stable. And we know in a few quarters out, what gain, what losses, okay. Of course we do have a – play a lot of opportunistic games in those traditional legacy product, but we do see, and expect the things as Bernie said in the script. We encounter a lot of demand for the new product from the first tier OEMs.
Michael R. Hsing: It's pretty much set. In our revenues, we focus on two years or three years out, and those customers design us in (24:33) and work with us on those products, and if they don't cancel the product or delay the product the revenue is there. And now we don't see a significant difference, and it's pretty much as we expected.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah, if we're defending our own point of law (25:36) in home router systems, then it has to be at a lower cost. And of course we develop those product, we release those products to defend our segment, still very good money to be made there. And what I'm more excited about is that, the new line of our product, and you know we released very high power density product into servers in the Computing segment. Those similar type of products go for Communications, these are for infrastructures. And servers and infrastructures are somewhat related, and those products we redesigned for the infrastructure, these products are coming out. That's kind of product I really talk about.
Michael R. Hsing: In autos, and as expected, we said it, in the last couple of years, we see the very consistent of a growth, and a ramp and we don't see any different. Now the opportunity is that, we've seen a lot more now, and we need a lot of more new product for that.
Michael R. Hsing: So that's on the expenses side, we do have to sensibly invest, and we, again in the last conference call, we talk about, we balanced our short-term shareholders. Nobody admit it, we have short-term investors, and some are short-term, what I mean is okay, for one-year or two-year guys versus a four-years or five years guy, we balance those interests, because whatever we do in this year has nothing to do with the revenue generation for next year, so it's two years or three years out. So we balance those shareholder interests. And when talking about powertrains, I'll answer you very specifically. Yes, we're going to get in there, and now before we get in there, we need to put our house in shape for these are quality controlled, these are very critical components, and we need to upgrade our production control.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, that's a very good question. Okay, and once I talk about investment, everybody get nervous, okay. Here is – we're not going to – okay here's our long-term target, okay, 50%, 60% of our growth – of the OpEx growth from the revenue growth. And we're going to stick with our models, and we've been (31:13) one year's below a little bit, below one year, a little bit higher, but I would say the long-term, our long-term is about two years or three years, and we'll be average out in a similar range. We're not going to have big gigantic jump, and we'll surprise everybody, we won't do that kind of thing.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, we have – actually, well, the product was delayed a little bit. And we said, in the release in May, it doesn't look like we're going to release in May, and we have – all the engineers are bogged down with some of the details, and okay, what I think to me these are very minor things, but however we're delayed. But the products that we're working with these are large customers for very fast revenue – I mean talking about fast revenue is still a year, and a year-and-a-half away. And those products, and engineers want to make final changes before – to satisfy those large customers, and I don't have a big argument about it. And those – however we're releasing the product in the next couple of months and all the existing Sensima's products, and as I said earlier, we generate pretty good revenue now.
Michael R. Hsing: I don't see, and all of the – lot of people are talking about. And some people talk about, and they have products for those Industrial market segments. But these are still very much semiconductor-related, and not – it's a very similar to what they have before. And MPS' product is significantly different, and designed for ease of a use. In those revenues, and I expected, yeah we do see fast revenues in – from when we release it, and also we have to release it with the softwares and also on the Internet.
