Michael Hsing: Let me answer my -- Tore, let me ask first, okay. And -- so you look at all these industries, okay, we -- it's about servers computing, including industrial servers and AI product, that's about 10% of the MPS revenue. And we had a hyper -- we experienced this area really the -- all the entire companies experienced hyper growth, okay, in the last 2 or 3 years. And now the automotive to, again, we're about 23% of our business. Total together and where it's about a 30-some percent. In AI other than, okay -- across the board, other than AI and automotive and so far, still we experienced still very heavy demand.  Other than that, again, all these design win activities that happened in the last 4, 5 years, and they started to ramp last couple of years. And a lot of -- because the reason we have all the inventory, we have expanded capacities and we grow much faster than the average. And now to answer your question directly, the -- our customers, all these products during a ramp, they have a pause. And they don't know what's coming and the new product and they push out. And so we just cutting in the period, which is not bad to me. Because in the last 2 or 3 years, we -- we have been in this unsustainable growth and hyper growth. It's like a 30%, 40% year-over-year, and that will break the company.  And I'm glad to announce we're, okay, coming to -- back to the normal I mean, and we will ride this the global market uncertainties and we just adapt as in the past. Okay, Bernie, maybe you can add some more detail, okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I might as well add, clearly, we see -- we go into a downturn situation and gave me and -- we don't know, I guess, some segment will grow in MPS because of very diverse companies and some area would be still good. And in general, the consumers and they get products and even some notebook may come back in the second year. And the point is I'll try to make is regarding to gross margins, and as you know in the past, when the industry starts to slow down, and again, MPS will be more aggressive in price. And to gain more consumer segment of the market because it can do 6 months later, when you turn the knob, we actively pursue those products 6 months later, those are fast design cycles, and you will turn the knob in the revenues in about 6 months' time.  So we care less about the short-term gross margins, but the long-term gross margins is still the same. So we emphasize and as you know, in the last 10 years or so, and we'll still pursue those models. And in the consumer segment, we may -- we made just a short -- focus on in the short term to grow the -- to maintain the growth.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I think we can't say really like a normal seasonality anymore. I mean we -- we experienced in the past. And you have some segments that grow really well. I mean some segments hit kind of a bottom that came last Q3, last year, Q4, especially like a notebook side. I mean now you see okay, it's a wakening up. I mean, MPS has won orders in design as those reference designs and we have the power -- the power solutions -- and we will see, second half, mostly all the other reservoir business, other than AI, automotive, we don't -- we have no clear views. And so that's the short term.
Michael Hsing: Absolutely. I confidently say that. I mean, because we see all these projects has not really fully ramped yet. In all the data centers, clearly, you guys know better, I mean now slowed down dramatically. I don't know whether they overexpanded last couple of years and now slowed, take a pause, okay? We don't have clear views. And what we know from last quarter to Q1 -- or Q4, Q1 to now, and they kind of slowed down.
Michael Hsing: Yes, yes. That's I didn't add that part. The GPU part came in the AI side, we have a current design win and as well as the next design, and the futures we will release end of the year or next year. And those were MPS product will ramp to this. Earlier, I referred to is that all these data centers, CPU powers or data center power overall, and we still have maybe just -- if it's not a single digit, just barely double-digit market shares. And a lot of -- and from a transition from a VR13 to 14, and it's not completed yet. We won a lot of design wins in VR14 and it will turn into revenues.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. Let me answer your last part first, okay. Any high volume, our customers have multiple suppliers, we -- they always have a price pressure, other than the last 2 or 3 years. Other than that, they couldn't ship, only the MPS came. Most of the companies have struggled in shipments and MPS, we have less. And so nowadays I mean all the higher volumes as we expected, and in the last couple of years, and I can also remember, we didn't talk that much. We introduced new technology, which is a much lower cost. And there will be a fight.  And so to answer that part of the question. But earlier, I said it, I care less about our gross margin lately, but we're still operating within the models. We're not dramatically go down. Clearly, it will go down. And but -- in a long-term model, to answer your question, 2 or 3 years out, the business -- MPS business is still pretty much intact. And we are focused on those high values. We transition from IC solutions to sell solutions. That still remains our focus. Our long-term business we will go that way and which generate and offers more values, and we have higher gross margins.
Michael Hsing: Well, also the storage -- in the AI segment in the -- in data center, if we -- the computing segment is maybe is flattish, okay? I mean I think the majority of our revenues has come from -- still come from servers. And you see it in the ramping in the last 18 months or so. In the AI and the total -- AI in the total revenues is still a smaller percentage. And the other thing I'm pointing out, there's a memory sections. I mean they're changing a new format, and they start to ramp now. This is the result that we're kind of flattish, okay? I mean it depends on how fast you ramp up to DDR5.  MPS has -- have engaged with all the major memory companies that we have a design. We have a -- we have design wins. And if they ramp up faster than we will -- we'll increase that portion of revenues. And it's depending on what the DDR5 will ramp up Matt.
Michael Hsing: On the landscape is okay, I truly okay, says we don't -- we see some competition in the game. I think our products remain the best so far. And so that's why we have -- and we do see some other competition, maybe as a generation of later that came in. As that market segment grows, and the competition will come. I mean the market is too big for MPS. And we welcome other people. And we welcome the cooperations. As a matter of fact, that's what we're doing and not, okay? And -- as MPS is not big enough for that market. And -- but we will be glad to be leaders.
Michael Hsing: Yes, and immediately now, I keep saying MPS is a small company, but we're not nobody anymore. And we engage with all these customers -- these 5G makers and it's only a handful of a companies as speaking now. So we're in the process of signing on the contract now. And so all of these -- okay, and it's just a matter of time.
Michael Hsing: No, we want to go lower and we want to lower and particularly in the first quarters and a lot of customer threatens and get much higher volumes, okay? That's why we shipped and now they have a break. And so as a result, inventory didn't decrease that much in the channel.
Michael Hsing: Yes, you can see as a normal because the consumer market hasn't happened yet. We reduced -- we downed to the big percentage now, okay? And mostly it's a high-value inventory.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We -- you know that, okay, we advance our technology every 2 or 3 years. And we're relentlessly cutting the cost and utilize the better technologies, get better geometries. The fab now in the last 3 years, the fab costs is not lower, higher, as a matter of fact. But we utilized the geometries and also the new technology that we implement, we will be able to lower the cost.  And so the other -- the other question that you're making is a diversified manufacturing. So, we in -- we anticipated that, again, we announced that we have a new partnership outside of China. That's in Singapore. And we will continue to do so. But really outside, there's no U.S. manufacturing for our application, for our product. I mean, it's all resides in Asia, Korea, like Taiwan and Southeast Asia. And in all our module business, we can do it from our side outside of China.
Bernie Blegen: And I think Michael has really laid out a very compelling case as far as the growth that we've experienced over the last 3 years, and also identifying that the automotive market remains solidly intact, but particularly in Enterprise Data with the exception of AI that we are seeing lag in ordering patterns there and general weakness in our other markets. So I think the thing to reinforce here is that the business model here remains intact. We've built MPS around sustainable growth over the long haul.  And right now, we're looking at a quarter where the end customer demand is not picking up as well as we might have anticipated a quarter or 2 quarters ago. But again, the business model is intact.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. And the good news here is that cycle times and pricing both in the fab, the assembly houses are coming down. And so we'll be able to participate in the lower cost after we burn down the inventory, which is currently at about 203, 204 days. So I would expect that we'll see a downward pressure on margins through Q2 and Q3, and then perhaps a moderation leveling in around Q4.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that right now, normal seasonality still applies, but in our case, it's a little more muted because so much of our growth in the business is attached to those new product introductions being made by our customers. So if we look in Enterprise Data in which our major customers or the products that we're supporting have had product delays. And when you look at other aspects of our business, for example, Communications, that's still what I'd refer to as lumpy. It's not necessarily trending in a seasonal pattern.  So I think that your comment is very balanced and all I'm tilting is to the new product introductions being delayed probably being a larger factor than just seasonality.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can add to that, again, using -- I know that you're focused right now on the short term as far as the second half of the year. But in the GPU space for artificial intelligence, we have a very senior market share position. And as we look ahead to even the next generation, we're in a very good position to take advantage of the next generation of GPUs. So we're really still in early stages as far as being able to leverage up our position and expand our share.
Bernie Blegen: And I think just to polish off the comment there is that as far as our model, we've been operating over the last several years between 55% and approaching 60% as far as a non-GAAP gross margin. And as we introduce these higher-value products, they tend to have higher margins. And what that allows us to do is then manage the mix of business such that we stay within our model. So while we sort of anticipated in the near term downward pressure with a flattening here in the next 3 to 4 quarters, we'll continue to look to be opportunistic and managing gross margin to accelerate revenue growth.
Bernie Blegen: So I think to sort of make a simple point on it is that automotive continues to be doing very well. And there, it's both the market itself as well as the share gains that we're enjoying. I said earlier that Communications is lumpy and the other areas, including Storage and Compute, Enterprise Data and Consumer and Industrial are sort of flattish for the near term.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And again, reinforcing Michael's point there is that it actually when we enjoy a leadership position, and we expect to continue to, competition is very important as far as driving technology improvements. As far as your other question as far as dollar content, when we look at the CPU market, generally, we denominate it with a dual processor, -- and so based on that, we're able to offer an expectation of what the average selling price will be per server.  With the model is still sorting itself out where you can have any number of configurations up to and including 8 GPU boards. So it's very -- it's a little harder to denominate what our dollar content is. And again, we're still in the early stages of watching this model ramp. So I think that we'll have enough experience in about 2 to 3 quarters to have a more accurate read on the dollar content, but it is much higher than what we're experiencing with CPUs.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. If I was to draw a comparison of our experience with Enterprise Data where we started out with low dollar content and then graduated up the value chain including power management. We're probably about 3 to 4 years behind in the Communications market, where we're still focusing on low dollar content for like point of load knee fuse. Now where this is about to get very exciting is we are getting adoptions for later designs that include our power management for the processors.  So at this stage, we're sort of moving with the market. Again, as an early entrant. But yes, long term, I do think you're going to see a similar growth profile as what we expect to have with enterprise data.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. About 3 quarters ago, we saw an increase in channel inventories, and they've remained at about that same level. So there isn't any real new news as far as the sell-through characteristics.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. The way to look at another aspect to this is that the inventory in the channel, it depends on what our end customers' lead times are. And as we even commented on in the prepared comments, we're seeing a very unusual demand pattern in that we have 3 areas where we're seeing an acceleration as far as the ordering pattern. But they're doing it with a very -- an expectation of having a very short lead time.  So as Michael said earlier, that the channel is built up in the anticipation that the customers were going to realize the sales gains with the new products, but as those have been pushed out, that's left us in this position. So we're going to continue to manage the channel as we always have. But right now, as I said, it's at an elevated level.
Bernie Blegen: Absolutely. Actually, a very helpful question. If you look at our history, we've never had a significant inventory write-off. And a lot of the reasons around that is that our products have long life in the market and long shelf life. So we're actually -- if you look back at 2019, we built up inventories, and we're able to capitalize when the market bounced back in '20 and particularly when the pandemic, infusion of capital occurred.  So we don't see inventory on our balance sheet as a negative. And in fact, when the markets do get more stabilized, particularly in Enterprise Data and in Storage and Computing, I think we're well positioned to take advantage of that uplift.
Bernie Blegen: I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this Q1 2023 earnings webinar. I look forward to talking to you again during our second quarter conference call, which would likely be in July. Thank you. Have a nice day.
