Meera Rao: Some of the strength in consumer, like in gaming, is seasonal. There’s a definite seasonal pattern to it. But one of the things that we are excited is we have gotten into a bunch of new markets that we call high value markets, where they pay a premium for performance products. And those are markets like gaming, where we have battery management, we have lighting, and we have appliances. In all these markets, we have seen growth in the third quarter.  Q4, typically there is a seasonal decline from Q3 to Q4, and we do expect to see some seasonal softness in consumer and consumer-like markets. 
Meera Rao: It’s not exactly utilization. We just look at the mix, and essentially expect gross margin to be in the same range in Q4 as well. 
Meera Rao: We’ve been managing our inventory in the channel very well over the last two years, and we’ve been able to hold it at the same level for over eight quarters, I would say. And in Q3, we had addressed some of the concerns that it could be double booking, etc., by shipping early and managing the [unintelligible] concern. And we were able to complete the quarter with lower days of inventory in the channel than we have seen in two years.
Meera Rao: What we saw in Q2 was some of the networking and telecom design wins that we’d been talking about in the past started ramping in Q2. And what we saw in Q3 was, while we still have good revenues coming from the networking and telecom, we saw a certain amount of softness, I would say, in more traditional Gateway business. These are things like the modems, the routers, the line cards that we sell mostly on the client side. And that’s where we saw a little bit of softness. But the networking and telecom we still saw good revenues this quarter.
Meera Rao: In terms of bookings, Ross, we’ve seen good bookings as we go through the quarter. We’re not seeing any signs of softness. But we are cognizant of the fact that if there is a slowdown, it’s going to impact us, and we just want to give a guidance that we’re comfortable that we’re going to be able to meet. As you know, we have a history of meeting our guidance, and so we just factored that in.
Meera Rao: I would say we will continue to hold expenses, but we will have pay raises that will go in the first of each year, which could be in the range of $500,000 to $600,000 impact. And then as we see growth coming in, we will do some investment in the future. We did a bit of that this year. So a lot of it is going to be tied with our growth as we go forward.
Meera Rao: Right now, we have growth drivers in every one of these segments. And even industrial, which typically is a segment where we’d have expected to see growth coming in slower, we are seeing very strong growth. And as you know, we don’t typically give guidance as to growth by segment, but I think when you see next year, assuming regular macro, you would see us growing in every one of these segments.
Meera Rao: And the key is also we are focused on diversified revenue growth, so we are happy to see growth across multiple segments versus just one.
Meera Rao: Right now, it’s just early revenues. So we have got fairly big design momentum here. So you’re going to see those revenues start ramping next year, and we’ll see very significant revenues in 2016.
Meera Rao: As you guessed, that’s a hard one to answer, because in all these segments we have both a combination of new markets that we’re just getting in, newer customers where we are ramping up, as well as markets where we are taking market share from our peers. It would be very hard for us to call, because I don’t know how the macroeconomic conditions would impact different end markets. But I can say, just looking at the last few years history, that even if the macro gets weaker, we still expect to do better than our peers.
Meera Rao: I would say right now if you look at things like set top boxes and TVs, they would be a smaller portion of consumer, and just these newer high value markets that we talked about, that would easily be a third or more of our consumer revenue. And then you have set top boxes, TVs, and a lot of different stuff that we call general purpose, that would make up the rest of the two thirds.
Meera Rao: No, we don’t anticipate that they’ll go down. They’ll be at the same levels or maybe at more traditional levels that we’ve had. So we kind of look at this inventory level that we had in Q3 as a sign of how well we have managed to execute in managing channel inventory. And it also gives us confidence as we look at our Q4 forecast.
Meera Rao: Sure, as you know, industrials is our best gross margin. And within the different segments, you take communications, our networking and telecom has a better gross margin profile compared to the traditional Gateways. If you look at consumer, the newer markets that we call our high-value markets, they clearly have a better than average gross margin profile compared to the rest of our traditional consumer. And then when you look at computing, SSD is better than HDD, and the cloud computing margins are very good.
Meera Rao: No, I wouldn’t say it’s quite half of industrial, but it is growing. We anticipate that at some point in the future, when it’s large enough on its own, that we will break it out of industrial. But I think at least for the near term, we will continue to include it with industrial.
Meera Rao: We’re seeing a lot of growth in LED lighting, particularly the incandescent bulb replacement. We believe we have a product that has a superior dimming solution, in particular, so we’re seeing a lot of sales from that, and strong growth every quarter. Our longer term view in this market is we’re interested in industrial and commercial LED lighting more than consumer. But right now, when it’s still got an attractive gross margin profile, we’re happy to play in consumer as well.
Meera Rao: Thank you for joining us for this conference call, and we look forward to talking to you in February.
Michael Hsing: Our battery solutions in battery management, these are mostly for [polar volts] and then electrical vehicles. So everything from either handheld, some industrial use, to tablets. We have very good solutions. Just two years ago, we released the product, and now we have meaningful revenue.
Michael Hsing: These are the businesses we have. These are the set-top boxes and wireless [unintelligible]. Those type of business, which we’re not really concentrated. What’s exciting about that is that it’s infrastructure. We made a significant headwind and we do expect revenues and world growth. But you know, these designing cycles take two to three years.
Michael Hsing: Our bookings, I will have Meera talk about booking. I would say our future is great. We’re executing, in the last two or three years, all the products that we released [unintelligible] to revenue.
Michael Hsing: Let’s put it that way. It’s difficult to give you what the percentage of each market segment. What we really focus on, [unintelligible], our customer value, the performance from our products. And they pay a premium, and also, if the market is sustainable, we will growth that market segment.
Michael Hsing: If I think about 2016 MPS growth, in 2016 would be difficult, but it will be there in the next few years.
Michael Hsing: The telecom business essentially, for MPS, is at the beginning. As long as our customer is expanding then opportunity for MPS is enormous, regardless whether one region is shrinking or expanding. 
Michael Hsing: The new products that we’ve released all have a premium price. And for the competitive landscape, I won’t put my fingers on the elephant and describe what kind of elephant it is. 
Michael Hsing: All the new products and product families, they all have a higher margin profile. And in this conference call, we never mentioned AC/DC, and that product line had a phenomenal growth this year and next year.
Michael Hsing: That’s well said, and industrial and commercial is our focus, but we’re opportunistic and will take whatever the revenue is with the higher gross margin.
