Genevieve Cunningham: Welcome, everyone, to the MPS Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Webinar. My name is Genevieve Cunningham, and I will be the moderator for this webinar. Joining me today are Michael Hsing, CEO and Founder of MPS; and Bernie Blegen, VP and CFO. In the course of today's webinar, we will make forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty, which could cause results to differ materially from management's current views and expectations. Please refer to the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified in the safe harbor statements contained in the Q2 earnings release and in our SEC filings, including our Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2023, and our Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2023, which are accessible through our website. MPS assumes no obligation to update the information provided on today's call. We will be discussing gross margin, operating expense, operating income, other income, income before income taxes, net income, and earnings on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Tables that outline the reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures are included in our Q2 2023 earnings release, which we have furnished to the SEC and is currently available on our website. I'd also like to remind you that today's conference call is being webcast live over the Internet and will be available for replay on our website for one year, along with the earnings release filed with the SEC earlier today. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernie Blegen.
Genevieve Cunningham: Our next question is from Hans Mosesmann of Rosenblatt. Hans, your line is now open. Our next question is from Jeremy Kwan of Stifel. Jeremy, your line is now open.
Genevieve Cunningham: If there are any follow-up questions, please click the Raise Hand button. As there are no further questions, I would like to turn the webinar back over to Bernie.
Bernie Blegen: Sure, I'd be glad to help out with that. So, I think that we started that part of the conversation by acknowledging that in each of the last -- the prior three quarters that we believe that ordering patterns would oscillate. And that's pretty consistent when you're coming off of a period where there'd been an extra normal level of ordering that created a demand supply imbalance that afterwards, you're sort of draining your backlog as you are watching your customers try to align around what they're guessing is end customer demand. So, as a result of that, we have not had the same level of visibility out past 90 to 120 days that we would have during the more normal ordering pattern. And so, as a result of that, we don't have the same level of predictability. On the second half of your question, the one thing that remains consistent, whether it's under normal conditions or whether it's today, is we've always been in a very competitive marketplace. And, obviously, price downs are the norm and that we have competitors like ourselves that are trying to go after as much incremental business during this transitory period as is possible.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And one other thing to add, and this is specific to MPS, not necessarily a broader comment at the general market, but automotive came in a little bit lower than would have been expected. And as we look at the ramp in the second half, we're observing that at least for two of our customers, unit volumes appear to be lower, and we had two product launches which have been delayed into Q4 and to Q1.
Bernie Blegen: I think in most scenarios and this particular customer's representative is they want to take a leadership position through innovation, and they found us an equal partner for that. But it's in everybody's best interest that it'd be a competitive, not a single source. And so, yes, we'd always anticipated that there would be redesigns that allow competition into the market.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think that normal seasonality for MPS would be somewhere between a sequential decline of between 4 percentage points and 5 percentage points. And I can point to the increase in the notebook sales during Q3, which precedes Christmas, so that's a normal seasonal factor that's expected to come down. And we're not seeing the uplift that had been anticipated from automotive. So, I would be more comfortable with a seasonal down in Q4.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So, as far as what we observed in Q2 is that there was a meaningful decrease in channel inventories both in terms of dollars and days. And the sort of phenomena that we've seen has been a time delay between when the end customer places an order and when they want to do a pullback because of uncertainty with what end customer demand has been. So, I can point to a couple of our end markets where that was very clear. But we believe right now that we're in a position to continue to bring -- to normalize channel inventories over the next two quarters.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. Again, going back to the comments about the visibility and predictability out past 90 or 120 days, that's not just the demand that -- the new net orders that we're receiving, but also the strength of the sell-through is also a little harder to predict.
Bernie Blegen: And I think if I could just add to that, it's also the breadth of the customer opportunities that we're engaged with. And over the course of the next four quarters, we're going to see multiple new customer applications launch initially with MPS. So, yes, we have a very powerful initial position with one customer, but we expect to branch that out very quickly.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And I think that when you look at capacity today, it's really when this environment turns around and becomes more predictable, how are we positioned to service our customers a year and two years from now. And I think the investments that we're making, both in terms of expanding capacity and diversifying it geographically, both on the front-end and the back-end will pay very good dividends as far as customer satisfaction.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that Michael responded to this pretty nicely in that we saw some improvement in Q2 from Q1 as far as our net bookings, but it's still not to the degree that we historically enjoyed in either 2018 or 2020, just to pick two more recent years. In the past, we would have up to 90%, 95% of our next quarter's revenue in hand at the end of the preceding quarter. And so, you're only relying on a fraction of a percent in order to -- of turns business in order to accomplish the numbers for that particular quarter. So, we're seeing steady improvement, but we're still not at the level yet where we have that predictability.
Bernie Blegen: Thanks again, Gen. I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this webinar, and look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter webinar, which will likely be at the end of October. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Let me add, too. We do see a slight improvement in first quarters, and essentially, it's similar. And we do see the consumer business improvement and -- from both -- from U.S. [side] (ph) to Asia side, and other ones, pretty much stay the same.
Michael Hsing: Yes, you already answered your -- all your questions there. We don't see -- we are -- all the products relate to -- with the AI, like, we cannot ship enough now. And the other ones -- other part of enterprise data, it's like data centers, CPU powers, and these are still delayed.
Michael Hsing: Either as a -- we had to provide the best solution, and at the same time, we understand that our customers require other solutions. This is a very large market. There's no means an MPS can supply everything. And, also, MPS is always -- we emphasize diversified growth. And if there's a performance need, I believe the MPS is the best solution now for the near future.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's a -- you mentioned as a seasonality -- well, we're talking about seasonality, and I try to figure out what is seasonality now. And last year, we -- last couple of years, we have a very strong Q4, at least the year before that. And the customers see all those shortages, and now the demand is -- clearly is much less. And so, you have a -- we experienced, like, a year-over-year, so like a -- in the last couple years, like, over 40%. And this year, and it clearly is not as much, okay? I mean, much less. And I can't really call it seasonality anymore. So, just as I said, it's not very clear. But as Bernie said, usually in a seasonality, we're lowered.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, that [we saw] (ph) delay a little bit, but we will reintroduce to resampling and announce, and it was a delay due to the technical issues. And so, as speaking right now, we have resampled it. And mostly, it's in automotive and also data centers. And same as we mentioned earlier, the silicon carbides and -- these are product that we'll start to sample.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. I believe that's our future. And when customers want to have a plug-in-play solutions and they want a less technically involved with power management, and that's -- module solution is the way to go. People doesn't want to buy ICs, design all of -- all these up -- the component. And, initially, that's where we're ramping a lot of them in the auto business, in the industrials, that can be an industrial site, and as well as a telecom, and -- or even semi equipment. And a lot of -- I can give -- go on and on, like, a lot of things to be mentioned. But most of all these products is not price sensitive, and they're not volume consumer-related product. And so, this is still at the very beginning. We have all these customer base, and we have all the new product coming out, and we'll see the similar growth rate in next few years.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. So, that's a good question. So, now we see some improvement, but this is at the beginning. And, as we see our supply, the cost went down dramatically, and as Bernie said, our inventory values even -- I mean, it will reflect inventory value now. And so, in the past, MPS is named in the price killers. It's a very simple game. We don't mind, and we don't buy in that consumer segments and we have a fight. And all the high gross margins is on the other segments. And it's all because they share our technology strengths. We provide a much better, a much smaller size. And in a consumer segment, in the last couple of years, we neglected that, and -- because we don't have enough revenues -- or enough capacities. And so, it's not that difficult to go back to the same games that we played since IPOed.
Michael Hsing: Our visibility is okay, probably is well documented. If you're listening to all these major AIs, [probably you will see] (ph) MPS. And you will see that MPS in the next few quarters of a potential. And -- but I can talk to you about technical issues. I think that the MPS is so far the solutions is far better than our competitor. So, we -- in a -- for the next generation of our AI processor, we're not working on now, we're working a year ago, even 18 months ago. And -- so the relationship is a strong and, also, for the technical reason, even more challenging. And the space is critical, and you had to radiate all the heat out. And for the next generation, power even higher. And so, we provide all these vertical solutions, and we pioneer with it. And all the other solution had to fit into the form in a form factors. And the integrated solution is the only way to go.
Michael Hsing: Well, you're mentioning of pricing, of course, all these material costs is a much lower than -- or go back to normal, I should say, to -- as pre-pandemic. And so, in terms of a capacities, look, I didn't mention earlier, we want to expand out of China, that's from our customers' request. And the other one is we want to expand it because just for our next couple of years' growth. And mostly, we we're still in a -- follow our long-term plan, and we invest, of course, now which will slow down a little bit in the next few quarters, and -- but over the long term, so we should spin -- we should continue the course.
