Rick Neely: Yes. I'm sorry. Let me introduce Steve Pratt who is our Marketing Director. He's with us on the call today. Michael and I and Steve are in the room, so Steve this is your call.
Rick Neely: Yeah, actually. Rick, that one's– as you know, our business is heavily churn dependent so it's difficult to estimate any exact numbers and we haven't spent much time doing that. Obviously, we did miss some potential business this quarter, but we still had record revenues and good guidance. So we don't stay up nights worrying how much. We work hard on fixing the capacity shortages.
Rick Neely: Yeah. I think the full year would be closer to $15 million, because we're going to spend a significant amount on this new building to finish it off and a lot more test equipment than we had spent in the last year. So $15 million to $20 million would probably be a good range for the year.
Rick Neely: That's how it works. I mean obviously instead of taking 100 divided by 4 and do 25 per year in a normal deal. You take 50% to 80% in the first year. So obviously it trends off. By quarter, it's a little hard to predict but certainly by the end of year it will be dropping down because it's front-loaded.
Rick Neely: Well, as I said in my previous answer, in terms of how much revenue didn't we get or delinquencies; as a company that's churn dependent without looking at the backlog as often, the delinquencies tend to be something hard to measure because in this churns business if you don't satisfy the order, it goes somewhere else. So it's hard to measure both of those. So we don't, again, spend a lot of time on measuring that. We spend a lot of time on fixing the problem.
Rick Neely: Yeah. Actually I looked at that, Vernon. It's actually similar to prior quarters. We generally have about 50% to 55% in consumer and Q1 was right in the middle of that range. Computing is only about 10% to 15% of our revenues now and Q1 was in the middle of that. And communications is about 30% and industrial rose up to 6% this time. So that's where we came out this quarter. About the same, what increased was industrial went up a couple of percentage points and com stayed strong at around 30%.Vernon Essi – Needham & Company: Interesting. Okay. So it all grew kind of fairly linearly.
Rick Neely: Well, I'll start off on the linearity. As we've said on the call, Patrick, Q1 typically we have, shipments are less in the third month and the first month. But this quarter, we had strong shipments all the way through the quarter. In fact, a lot of churns in the month of March which was related to why our receivables are high because had a lot of churns that go into the last month. So that was what was different. This quarter, the shipment pattern is staying the same early on. I don't know whether it will continue – usually it's strong in the first two months and tapers off by the end, but we'll see how that goes. It's too early to say. But shipping patterns are still strong. Demand is still strong. Relative to what would make us go above the guidance, I think this quarter demand is ahead of supply, so it's really – this is one quarter where everything we can get out, we can probably ship.
Rick Neely: Yeah. We'd expect it to drop off. This should be the last quarter at that range as far as we know. There's obviously the finishing of the ITC trial. There's a potential trial in July in a Northern district on the same patent. So that's where we get the 2.2. In Q3 it should be down, in Q4 down even further. I don't know the exact magnitude of dollars, but that's how you should look at it.
Rick Neely: But in terms of revenue, those are still in the design stage, not in the revenue ramping stage. The Intelli-Phase will be the first one out with that technology.
Rick Neely: Share count. The forecast for that– I can tell you about what we're thinking – see right now I'd say about 38 to 38.2.
Rick Neely: No. We wouldn't get – this would be clearly not.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Okay very good. And you mentioned that the distribution inventory days were at the low end of the range of 30 to 45. How long do you expect that to continue? Are the distributors trying to get a little bit higher? Help me understand how that's going to play out for the next couple of quarters.
Rick Neely: Q3, we don't really have a good view of Q3 at this point in time. So we'll put in the capacity to do everything we can and whether it's – generally this year I could say Jason that this year has not– the last three quarters have. None of the historical averages have applied. We did a plus 8% sequentially in Q1. We normally were down 10% or 15%. So it's hard to gauge what the Q3 will be like.
Rick Neely: Thank you, everyone for attending the call and we look forward to talking with you in three months. Take care.
Michael Hsing: The new product introductions from the couple of years– we see the revenue coming in the second half of last year and then this year. In the past, we announced we have all these– a tremendous amount of new products introduced. Most of the new products, we haven't seen the revenue yet.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: That's great. Thank you very much.
Michael Hsing: Yes. You're right – in particularly, in the last few days I heard a lot more about AOS and our investor called me, instead of the one taking share was MPS, their solution is better. And I don't want to start with a pissing contest. If you don't want to do it, I will accommodate that. All the details in terms of all these negative comments for the MPS product, I'll let Steve respond to that.
Michael Hsing: Particularly this year, if you reckon. Pratt, as you said, it's benign. And I don't want to speculate that the margin will go up. We won't say it until we do it, just like we always have done in the past. So just let's put it in that way.
Michael Hsing: So far, we haven't really seen any smaller companies that we can acquire that would be accretive. So far we haven't found one yet. But we are not ruling out that we acquire some smaller company for talent or for technology.
Michael Hsing: It we actually started last year and we worked with our fab to increase– to resolve some bottleneck issues and also at the same time, we invested– we started a new building just for foreseeable testing for capacity issues. So this year, we're able to deliver this kind of revenue, particularly for Q1 and also for Q2 as we gave the guidance. For Q3, we don't see any constraints. If there is any, it's very minor.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. We started working on foundry capacity since the middle of last year. So we are glad we can get through this Q2. And Q3 the bottleneck will be further resolved and the capacity will be increased much more. However, you can't pin down the numbers. There are so many factors in it. But we feel very comfortable.
Michael Hsing: Also it's because we have so many products and they depend on the demand of each product. And it's difficult to forecast.
Michael Hsing: As far as we know, at least for our side, the new products have higher margins and compensates the existing products and so at least in the first half of the year, it's stabilized and in the last couple of quarters. And for the second half of the year, as I said earlier, I don't want to speculate what that gross margin is, but for pricings and for the new products introduction, I think it will be similar as in the past.
Michael Hsing: We have a lot of designs and we are really pleased with the results and we expect the revenues in Q3 and in Q4.
Michael Hsing: The question you asked – we still don't know. And there's a lot of speculations on which architecture to go and our customers have multiple solutions and we offer multiple solutions. And until revenue hits, we will let you know.
Michael Hsing: I don't think that they will determine on one solution. I think that they will introduce all of them.
Michael Hsing: Well, actually it's different models that require different things and we are kind of puzzled as to which direction. One is for efficiency the other is for better illumination and the one is doing the edge letting [ph] and it's obviously for size. And they have all kinds of requirements and we offered some very good solutions that we thought were best for efficiencies but it doesn't fit for all the models. Some customers – even within a customer they like our solution but other models they don't.
Michael Hsing: It's difficult to say. In the past conference call, I mentioned it somewhere 55 to 60 is our limit. And obviously in the second quarter this year we're within the limits. But last year, however, we worked with the fab capacities and also the test capacity and we're going to do a whole lot more. Until we deliver – until we are in order of these issues, I can't really tell where the bottlenecks are in overall of capacity.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: Very good. Great quarter. Thank you.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. If it's a normal seasonality that would be increase of like 27% and 27% is out of $50, some million. It's a big number and I don't know if we can supply that. We probably can, but it will be difficult. But I'm not speculating what the market demand is.
Steve Pratt: Yes. So let me just start by making a short story on this. Last design cycle in the TV market, we did see AOS in certain markets and so we competed head-to-head and we beat them out. And in this design cycle, we're about to undertake, we're going to see the same thing and we have our next-generation product that is an improved version of what we were able to beat them out within the last design cycle. So we expect to continue to dominate in this space.
Steve Pratt: We did hear some of that and it was very interesting, because the product that we competed with a year ago is a different product that they compared us with, with their product. The product that we won is a product that we're promoting in last year's design cycle and that efficiency was actually better than the product that they compared with their part– their comparison part versus ours. The part that they compared us to isn't even recommended for new designs. It wasn't at the time and it's a five-year old part.
Steve Pratt: Let me start with a comment on that, Rick. A year ago, we were very aggressively going after market share. So our prices were very aggressive. We're in a different market now. Our prices are much more stable this time around this year.
Steve Pratt: I'll kind of do the back-end and Michael who's working right now with expanding on the front end. On the back end, as I said, we put a new R&D building in place because our current test building has two floors. One floor is test and one is R&D. By moving the R&D next door to this brand new building, we'll more than double the test floor space. Plus, we spent almost $4 million this quarter on new tester that are coming online. And the testers we use can be purchased and we don't have a shortage of them. So the test capacity is already being fixed. So we don't see any back-end issue there. Michael is working on expanding our foundry capacity. He can talk about that.
Steve Pratt: No. I just want to reiterate what you already said, that TV unprecedented growth and TV extending into DVD players, blue-ray players and set-top box.
Steve Pratt: You mean in our business? The majority of it currently is backlighting. Yes, so we have two segments. We have the illumination which is the lighting bulb replacement type of market and then the backlighting. And the backlighting currently is dominating.Vernon Essi – Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Pratt: Yes. I can shed some color on that. We competed against the discrete controller set combination. We beat them out on obviously the size factor. And that was the key and we were price competitive. And the whole architecture has changed in notebooks recently, which is to our advantage. And then what was –
Steve Pratt: And then regarding MeshConnect, MeshConnect is not just an Intelli-Phase technology. We are using MeshConnect to cross many different DC to DC converter products and that's continuing to proliferate into other products and help us in performance and cost.
Steve Pratt: Yes. One architecture is not going to dominate. They're going to go into the market with different architectures, depending upon the size and the type of TV and the market. So it's going to be different architectures across the board for the year.
Steve Pratt: I mean there are subtle features that they are really architecting around is the whole cost of getting from the AC to the DC point to the wide LED, so that's a driver. And that's just based around the most cost-efficient and energy-efficient solution. And the other is dimming control. Those are a couple of key features.
Steve Pratt: Actually, we spend a lot of time looking at double orders. We're constantly scrubbing the backlog and reviewing our distributors' inventories. So we think we're doing a pretty good job managing that.
