Michael Hsing: I think it is difficult to comment on quarter-by-quarter, but the overall trend is increase because in the past two or three years we have focused on that segment and we generate a lot of design wins. And these design wins turns into revenues and we see a very steady increase in the next few quarters, and in near future. So the next quarter will probably follow the similar trend, but it is not exactly a number but overall direction is same.
Michael Hsing: We introduced, as you know we have we have a matrix of product, in the last quarter we introduced few more. And as the release of these products are kind of difficult, we had to go through a full qualification; every one of them had made a deal about 2,000 hours, so we gradually complete that metrics. In terms of our market, reception is extremely well. Our customers and some customers adopted our module very quickly, and some industrial automotive for traditional markets and they follow the similar trend as they do with other business, which takes about 24 months to 36 months to generate any revenues. But we see a lot of designing activities and there are no surprises.
Michael Hsing: I can answer the first part of the question. It’s a small revenue. The key is that we acquire technology, it’s a proven technology and customer accepted it. And so whether you generate $1,000 and $100,000 of revenue, that’s not really important. We see this technology is true revolutionized the motion control. You have mono drivers, you have robots, you have industrials machineries and automotives. And this is really something nobody else has seen it before. And we are glad to find this company and we can beat all. The founders like MPS, and they turn down all the other offers and they join us.
Michael Hsing: We just focused on that, on the market segment really opportunistic, and some of the newer TVs are smart TV with processor-based TV that requires higher power. And we have product and we have a very cost competitive product and we just take -- in the past we took this bucket. And we have continued to do well in those high current sockets. And because our competitor couldn’t even match what we do. So in terms of a real percentage of what the growth is I put a very little focus on it. And maybe Meera can tell you what is our growth pattern it.
Michael Hsing: Yes, I’ll give you a longer version answer. Let’s start it, that’s motion control, all the motion controls are consistent with motors in them. And traditionally all the motors -- for the last century all the motors in building a similar technology in the last 10 years to 15 years and require higher performance motors that are using a microcontroller. So in order to deliver the power accurate and reduced noise and vibration of the motor, these are considered high performance and much costly. In Sensima Technology we can deliver higher performance motors. By using the Sensima Technology the motors performance will increase greatly and considered even better than any motor drivers in the market now with the microprocessors. So this is a very low cost solution. We can revolutionize the entire motor drivers. So you offered using this solution in lower performance motor can be even better performance than existing high performance motors. So that’s the reason, one of the reason we acquired them.
Michael Hsing: To answer your question in the industrial market, automotive market takes 2 years to 3 years. So you add more people, the result will be better two years to three years later. It doesn’t change the pattern but change the numbers.
Michael Hsing: The consumers market we expect to do well in the next two to three quarters or even beyond. So you will see some significant changes in the next couple of quarters.
Michael Hsing: But automotive will be a very significant number, so from this year and going out of this year in to next year. So we may develop that divide it up sometime.
Meera Rao: We’ve been saying for a while that our gross margin improvement is going to improve slowly and steadily and that’s exactly what’s spanning out. So we have in the latest quarter Q2, we also had because of the big increase in revenue; we also had a pickup from a better absorption of our test manufacturing capacity that we have, the overhead costs. Our mix also continues to improve as the new products come out.
Meera Rao: SSD PMIC continues to do well. We expect to see growth in next quarter as some design wins ramp up next quarter, I mean in Q3.
Meera Rao: In the LED lighting market, this is a market that long-term our interest is industrial and the commercial applications. We are playing in the consumer market right now because it’s a good market and it’s very profitable for us. We’re only playing in key segments of this market and not across the board like some of our peers.
Meera Rao: And the second part of your question Rick. We expect this deal to be accretive by the second half of 2015. 
Meera Rao: For us the three target markets are computing, communications and industrial, and we’d like to grow those markets as much as we can. We don’t have any internal number that we’ve shared. And our idea is that as we go out in time, when it comes to gross margin there are no headwinds and basically we expect to show a slow and steady increase in gross margin.
Meera Rao: Sure. It’s roughly about 10% of our business from TV. And I think we talked about this a couple of quarters ago saying that we’ve got more design wins now in TV and this particularly as you see some of the smarter TVs and some of the power requirements are going up. We’re seeing higher revenues here.
Meera Rao: I think overall what we’ve got is we’ve got more design wins, so you’ve seen the increase in revenue. I would attribute it more to design win increase rather than a dollar content increase.
Meera Rao: Sure, our overall strategy is to go into more and more markets where they’ll pay as a premium for our products. And if you notice some of the newer consumer markets where we have been seeing higher revenues come in the last few quarters. There have been markets that require higher performance, calling for a thinner competitive landscape. And these are markets like gaming, battery management. These are the markets where we’re particularly seeing our revenues increased. So while those happen to be in the consumer marketplace, it still plays into our overall strategy of focusing on performance and where we get a premium for our performance. And as you will see out in time, you’re going to see revenue from computing, from communications, from industrial continue to go up. I don’t know if you noticed, but our industrial revenue is about 17% of our revenue. And just about two or three years ago, it was about 6% to 8% of our revenue. So I think we’re focusing on differentiated products that make a difference to us both from a top line gross margin and bottom line.
Meera Rao: Essentially, we have done a lot of sales using our existing sales force. And if you noticed in the last few months we’ve announced at least two distributors who will increase the number of boots on the ground, and we believe will lead to future growth and revenue as well. And as you pointed out, we have a broad breadth of products and this just takes the revenue to the next level.
Meera Rao: That’s hard to tell, but irrespective way the demand is created almost all the manufacturing ends up in Asia. And if you notice the numbers we report on the sell through region, and so you are going to see Asia revenues grow anyway. But that does not necessarily mean that the demand was created in that region. So it’s kind of hard to answer the question.
Meera Rao: Yes, we included about, I think just a little under $500,000 in Q3 for the operating expenses of Sensima.
Meera Rao: As I’ve said before when we look at the granularity of the forecast data, it’s not at the same granularity as we get when with actual data. So I can’t comment segment-by-segment, but I can talk about a few drivers that I see that are going to be doing very well for us, SSD for once, we’re going to see growth over there. I expect to see that gaming is going to do well; we’re going to expect to see growth in battery management or in LED lighting. In TV we will continue to see progress over there. I think industrial particularly automotive most probably is going to be a growth for us if you are comparing Q2 to Q3.
Meera Rao: In servers we’ll be shipping this quarter and next quarter for revenue. In terms of -- in computing on the notebook side. I think the market is shifting from [shock bay] over to [crescent bay] and we are positioned to do as well if not better in the [crescent bay] than [shock bay].
Meera Rao: No, it was actually one of the SSD design wins ramp down. But the successor design win ramps up fairly strongly for us next quarter. So it ended up being flat this quarter. I mean computing was flat but SSD within was a little down. But we are going to see that portion go up again in Q3.
Meera Rao: I would say industrial is an area where as I have said before there are multiple markets that make up that portion. Automotive is one of the market that is growing for us. I don’t think we have disclosed in the past what portion of industrial is from automotive.
Meera Rao: No, in fact we’ve already released many of these modules. We have few others that are being sampled to customer and the rest of them are in various stages of QA. So we don’t need any equipment from an R&D standpoint.
Meera Rao: I want to thank you all for joining us for this call and wish you a very happy day. Thank you. Bye-bye.
