Michael Hsing: Ross, okay, so good question. All the MPS's growth is from the new product and then - you in the new market segment that Bernie mentioned the automotive and industrials and computing. And in later - in especially in the Q4 last year we see slowing down dramatically. And we asked around our customers and all due to the - it seems to me is all due to the economy uncertainty in the futures. And however in the middle of all of these we see not all the product though stopped, and delayed that their introductions. But some of their end product still introduced or still we have a replacement we gave some market shares. And in 2019 we still expect to grow and we'll have very healthy years, but the percentage - the growth whether the same as the last couple years that we cannot tell.
Michael Hsing: Ross I like that question. The inventory I think we see it there's a lag. Clearly it is very valid. And in this kind of a transitional market conditions we watch very carefully. So that's why I like that question. And of course there's a delay and we see if it's - of course demand is slowing down, we control our - the inventory will come down can we control very highly. Now Bernie you can answer a more on the numbers.
Michael Hsing: What foresee going forward if all the new product delays and okay and the margin will stay as close as of now. We don't see a dramatic change. Well, dramatic change is all relative and now we have 0.5% change look it is pretty small to me. And - but we analyze it and that is against our very consistent result in last four, five quarters and that is due to the mix. And all the new product, new revenue high quality revenue gets delayed. And going forward we expect to grow the gross margin very consistently as the economy recovered.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We actually expected in Q1 2019 and obviously it's actually number is a much smaller I'm like I mean we - so all - actually as we see it, it's not in the first half anyway will be in the second half of 2018 in early part of 2020.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. These are - actually as usual. With every other years and every year we introduce, we develop a newer technologies and that is really our foundation for the future of growth. And so the BCD 6, we said BCD 5 we including memories and now we will include much denser logics. And so now we mentioned - Bernie, mentioned it is a 55 nanometers and we will have those type of logics design. So you can think of that way. We really put entire systems almost single chip, which means we included the microcontroller. And that will give access to lot more market segments and lot more capability.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we - yes you call a website. Yes, up and running. But I said we're still learning. As expected actually, this is the very new frontier to everybody it's an - nobody attempted that before. And we still try to figure out why the - when we give the floppy disk it is a lot more effective than we go through a website. So we still try to figure out, there's something obviously is not quite right. But the product itself when we give a traditional ways and give them all the tools and give them CDs and give them download the program everybody likes that. And we see more and more customers would rather use a fixed product and then they choose a programmable parts and they're going - we see a clear direction. And - but how effectively using the website, we're still trying to figure out.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And that's strictly sales through a website. And now we see the early - actually we do see some revenues, some meaningful revenues. But in terms of a programmable site and why people just don't use the online tools whether the online tools are not good enough or whether have ordering pattern where that's too difficult for them to order. And in that respect, we haven't generated any revenues on a programmable parts revenue from our website.
Michael Hsing: Absolutely. As I said in - I remember the last year some quarters and I think it's Q2 I mentioned that and we will get some communication revenues and we see the opportunities. And it's even though a lower margin, but is good dollars. And the same time I mention I haven't given up as on the higher margin communications. Once we introduce the right product and we did have it in the - we did have in last year and we just haven't just released it. And now we designed it and when 5G happens we will be on the way.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We're afraid of this is too much of a - and yes, we actually starting January pretty meaningful revenue. And the new integrated solutions and as you see it our website, we sell the reference design including the models. And we receive very good feedback on these.
Michael Hsing: Actually both and automotive is being in a 48 volts already in the high end cars. I think now it trickle down. And last year we expected to have a - in the second half of 2019 and as we see it probably still going to happen because these are high end product. I think they still are going to launch because the demand still there. Is regardless of the market.
Michael Hsing: I believe so that in terms of what is impacted to our revenue that's difficult to say now and I think these are high - these IR - these AR systems and you always need somewhere it's just a matter of how many.
Michael Hsing: Yes, as of today we don't see any dramatic change. And it's all small numbers of change. When Bernie is talking about when the market dramatically changes, again it's like in last year December at the end of the quarter. And then well it may changes again. So we at this times we see is pretty normal now.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we haven't got to the point yet. That's very good questions and certainly we see in our - in the application that we targeted we can integrate a lot of mini micro control - micro controller features.
Michael Hsing: It depends on applications. Some of the - and as we know now, we rebranded and - but we do have our firmware in the micro. And as of - into the total integrated solutions and first of all - so our total integration has a clear reason, has a cost effective and - or by size limitations. And if they integrate it and then we have to - we are not going to give a grown up developed microcontrollers. And those are not cost effective for us and those are we most likely is licensing.
Bernie Blegen: And if I could add to that Ross, that what we're observing, again, only from our specific position is that the design wins are in place, our end customers are interested in going to market, but there's just not the right conditions for them to invest in that type of new product ramp. And so, I don't have any view as far as how long this will last for when we start to see the improvements come around. But I do - I believe very confidently that we're well positioned to take full advantage of that turnaround.
Bernie Blegen: On the second side of that question as far as how the channel performed is what we do is we fill orders based upon our customer demand and that's 90% distributor related. And then, the distributors are creating that demand with those orders on us based on the information they're getting from their customers. And the slowdown occurred during the quarter, so we ended up in a position where the - in terms of both dollars and days that the channel inventories did increase and managing that going forward some of the management of that is reflected in our guidance for Q1.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I think when we responded to Ross on this is that we really don't have good visibility, there's a lot of uncertainty relative to the out quarters. So when we look more short-term at Q1 even - let me go back to our Q4 for a second. We've put up some very significant numbers in all of our groups except for consumer, which was most price sensitively impacted by trade and tariffs and the macro particularly in Greater China. So the point that we also observed is that a lot of the new product ramps that our customers were building expectations around have been pushed out in this period in time. And so, it's hard for us to say concretely how that's going to affect our overall growth rate for the year or when do we expect a turnaround to begin.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So when we look at Q4 let's just start with that. That was clearly mix, because when you look at the influx of revenue into the communications that was predominantly lower margin business and we discussed that in Q3 as well. So the continuation is the same. But then you had some of our high margin and it was pretty broad based. For example SSD, power management for GPUs and a couple of things in industrial that underperformed expectations. And so as a result, those are very high margin and it was - the offset was against lower margin business and that accounted for the 50 basis points. When we look at Q1, we still have some overhang of mix issues. It's not all of it. And even though we don't have a specific number, we are anticipating that we will need to look at our inventory provisions in a different light with lower demand. Again, we've talked in the past that our inventory has a long shelf life and we believe that all the products are ultimately going to be sellable. But the mechanic of how we determine our inventory provision is based upon near-term demand. And that may not support or may support a higher inventory provision. And as far as looking forward, I don't have guidance beyond, but obviously with the new products that when they start to ramp as Michael was describing. Those will contribute very positively and immediately to our gross margin.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I don't see there being a quick catalyst that would create a quick turnaround. So I think while we only guide one quarter ahead that I could support that thesis.
Bernie Blegen: It's more likely that we will have been down in dollars, but probably close to flat in days because you have a smaller denominator.
Bernie Blegen: And then from simply a cost point of view, there is a lower unit cost involved with this process and this geometry and how we choose to deploy that cost advantage will basically depend upon the end market. So for example in consumer that will extend our ability to be price competitive in other markets it'll allow us to improve our gross margins and in others still it'll make us able to with the technological advantage to compete in markets that we hadn't previously been able to enter into.
Bernie Blegen: I just wanted to caution that I think we've tried to set our expectations around the fact that we would have zero revenue in 2018, zero revenue in 2019 that's not entirely true because we are generating revenue. But then, we'll have a good slow ramp in 2020 and 2021 and it's really 2022 is when we expect it to contribute materially.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah sure. When we look at mix obviously the traditional way to sort of view it is that consumer is lower and also the legacy comps business is on the lower end. And just as far as the transition from Q4 to Q1 we've guided at about flat gross margin, but the mix is less bad in Q1 than in Q4 because we continue to see growth in our computing and automotive. And then there's some declines in industrial and that you have to have as a backdrop that industrial has the last two quarters really outperformed any of its historic patterns. So that's not coming as a total surprise. And then you have consumer that's doing a little bit of an exaggerated step down from Q4 to Q1. So that's really the mix that we're looking at is computing and automotive are continuing to perform - outperform expectations. And we've got some declines or exposure to both high end low margin opportunities.
Bernie Blegen: Sure, so storage is a significant part of our business, but it's declined as a percent only because it hasn't grown at the same rate as what we've seen on the compute side. And there was - if you look at last year 2018 SSD in particular ramped very early and sustained that growth all the way through the mid-part of Q3 before starting to decline. In that area I see sort of a stabilization and currently storage if you look at Q4 for example is about a third of that line item. Then when you look at the computing, obviously we've had significant run up in our server and workstation. So that's in an elevated level. And then, as we were talking about earlier is that some initial sales related to GPUs are falling off as that market or those customers take a pause.
Bernie Blegen: Will, thanks for giving us a chance to respond, we actually had an internal discussion on whether we had too many items out there. So we're not shying away from it. It's just that we're competing against a lot of other opportunities to talk about.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I haven't specifically calculated any exposure to what we've done in the forecast for the guidance is just provide a little bit of a step up and the rationale behind it is that we have a mechanical way of determining that number, which is based upon the next six months demand. So it's sort of inferred that if your six month demand looks to be going down that that could increase your likelihood of having an exposure. That's not to call out any specific product or end market, it's just sort of being generally conservative in the guidance we're providing.
Bernie Blegen: I'd like to thank you all for joining us for the conference call and look forward to talking you again during our first quarter 2019 conference call, which will likely be in April. Thank you. Have a great day.
