Rick Neely: Yes Steve, that’s it. Off the 3 percentage point drop, most of that is just higher wafer prices that we’ll be paying in Q3. We did get the capacity. You can see that in our revenue. But we had to pay higher wafer prices.
Rick Neely: Also, Steve, there’s a very little difference in our GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin, so I really don’t talk about it. It’s the same numbers primarily.
Rick Neely: Hi Vernon, this is Rick. Yes, basically, this is the crossover quarter and that of our majority of our revenue in lighting control is now white LED. So we did about $4 million of the $7.5 million was white LED. CCFL – the traditional CCFL inverter is down about $1 million and the rest of it is the CCFL controllers. And, Steve, you can comment on the –
Rick Neely: Hi Ross, I’ll start off. I mean, basically, we’ve just basically bought from our current partners, so we’ve gotten more capacity from our current partners. And, of course, they’ve taken advantage of the shortages to increase their prices, what they have done with all the other foundry customers, so we’re no different than that. But Michael can tell you about our efforts to expand into other partners.
Rick Neely: Yes Ross, we’ve said in the script, we will be still product limited in Q3. We expect to catch up in Q4.
Rick Neely: So, Ross, I will jump in here. I mean, traditionally again, as you said, nothing’s been normal recently. Typically Q3 is our biggest quarter and Q4 is even down. So we would – that’s the normal historical pattern that hasn’t always held reasonably. And the issue I think the other question, the reason Michael and I can’t really answer it is, we’re in a competitive business that if demand goes down, wafer prices might go down or that might not, it’s just it’s unclear yet where that’s going to shakeout. So it’s not up to us of whether that wafer prices go down, you really have to look at the general demand.
Rick Neely: Yes, what we’re trying to do Patrick is, we think for the rest of this year we’ll be about the range we are right now, 54% to 56%. We wanted to – we’ve always said, we want to communicate where our business opportunities are and where the direction is. And so, we think if you look out in the next 18 months to 24 months, it’s more or likely to be below 55% and above 55%, so we wanted to communicate that.
Rick Neely: Yes, I think that’s – just to add in Steve, if you go back to say a couple of years ago, we were doing 2% or 3% of our revenue in the industrial segment, we’re about 7% or 8% in this quarter. So we’ve significant change already. And, as everybody knows, you can get high volume in the consumer segment and the margins aren’t as high, but they’re very good volume and they definitely add to our bottom line, because I wanted to emphasize that we increased our net margin target model by two points, from 22% to 27%, so we think we can actually do better by going after this volume.
Rick Neely: Actually, Evan, we don’t talk about ASP, because it just depends on a product-by-product. And ASPs can actually go down and gross margins may go up. So it’s not a very good indicator, so we never discuss ASPs directly.
Rick Neely: I will. Yes, relatively, I’ll take it as – looking back or looking forward, you’re not able to do that because there’s too many pieces. But we’d estimate in Q2, it’s probably between $5 million and $10 million more we could have done, so that’s 60% to 65% is our general estimate of what Q2 could have been if we had the product. It’s hard to say about Q3, it’s too early to tell.Shawn Simmons – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. That’s all from me. Thanks guys.
Rick Neely: Well, thank you, everybody for attending the call and asking the questions. We look forward to speaking with you at the next quarterly conference call. Have a good week.
Michael Hsing: That’s exactly right. And we are – this is a long-term model, an 18 months to 24 months out. In the near – in the near quarters, we expect to remain the same or given the wafer price is getting better and so now we will again improve the gross margin, but I am not forecasting it. And usually when the wafer price is getting – wafer price is getting better, also the market gets more competitive.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we are expanding – in a way we are engaging with other foundries to further reduce and minimize all the liabilities. And we take a very conservative approach and which is paying a higher wafer price to secure this year volume and that Q3 revenue is a reflect of that. And we’re expecting catching everything up and catch up most of our customer demand in the Q4.
Michael Hsing: Well, actually you can think as a normal seasonality. Now, we have a – and every quarter is big, every quarter is a record. And I remember in the past – in the third quarter, we jumped some 20% some and we did it again and [inaudible] demand limited and now at this time not the demand, it may even much bigger. We couldn’t deliver those – fulfill our customers’ requirements.
Michael Hsing: At this point, we focus our wafer capacity and that’s our main focus to fulfill our customer’s demand. In Q4, we don’t see that clear now. And, although – and the demand is still quite strong for MPS product, but we can nail down the quarter yet.
Michael Hsing: No, in this quarter and into the coming quarters, and the last quarters, and most of – all the gross margin impact is as Rick said it is mostly it’s from the higher wafer cost.
Michael Hsing: I think that all of the – but first of all it doesn’t – the way our companies are going down, we’re moving the long-term models to be – the gross margin to be lower and that’s because I see that – if we do that then we will significant increase the EPS, that’s the purpose. And, but it doesn’t mean we don’t – our products is not a competitive anymore, it is a huge market segment.  As Steve just said, in this year, we in the industrial applications and that we can end – we can exit the year as a – to be more than 10% of our revenue. Remember, we just started this segment about three – about three years ago, that’s a phenomenal growth and that these are all high margin business. But, I believe, we can grow the company much faster by lowering the gross margins and that we can be in a more – attack other consumer market.
Michael Hsing: Absolutely. We are talking about our sales force, our marketing teams about more than a couple of quarters. And we absolutely are creating a lot more bigger, stronger teams. And we just recently, we reassembled almost the entire regions. And it’s – we’re about to complete this transition.  
Michael Hsing: Let me clarify this, can we. We have – we introduced a couple of product that we have like a five, six products in about to release now. And then these are addressing – addresses the halogen replacement, fluorescent tube replacement, and also tree illumination. But the problem is, on the current market, it is limited by the LED supplies. The remote order LED is in shortage now. 
Michael Hsing: Yes, Steve just mentioned it. And we have a router set-top box, the Blu-ray, TVs, and notebooks and – am I missing anything. These are main – [inaudible], anything else, okay. And these are the big items and it probably consisting – consists not more than 60% of the revenue. The rest of the stuff I can’t even count it.
Michael Hsing: Well, in this high-demand market, in the ASP – I mean, the general requirements from our customer is shipping product not talking – not negotiating shedding on the price.
Michael Hsing: Yes, you can do this. Of course, we always can increase the price and keep the margin. And but I see this is an opportunity for MPS. What I would really want is to secure the future volumes, future design wins, because we have a huge number of a product that we’ve released. And [inaudible] these products can turn into our revenue. And that’s why we didn’t have the cost increase as much as we could.
Michael Hsing: In the Q2 – Q1 conference call, I made a statement that I believe we can catch up in a few suite, but I was wrong, but the demand is even higher. So now I say it’s we believe we can catch up in Q4, that remains to be seen.
Michael Hsing: For the top line, we said it, okay? We are a targeting about a 25% to 30% – 30% of the growth. In this year, we see our business, we can do a whole lot more than that. But, unfortunately, we didn’t – last year or the year before, we didn’t prepare for that kind of ramp.  And that during the futures, I see these kind of a – the product way to release in the last 18 months, we can do that. So that’s why we make – we made that kind of a position, the EPS, the way we look at the EPS, we’ll model the EPS and then we increase it dramatically.
Michael Hsing: I do whatever – again, okay? I do whatever to get the – to get the every penny out of that, out of any product. So I want to get the EPS up and whatever the gross margin ended up to be higher or lower, let it be. Since you guys want to put in a spreadsheet and you want gross margins, okay, we’ll give you a model number.
Steve Pratt: Our plan for 2010 for the year is going to be similar to what we did in 2009. 2009 was a huge step, more than 60%, 70% more new products in ’09 and ’08. In 2010, we are going to be shifting, our products are going to be doing – while the same number of products introduced – in this similar number of products introduced in ’010, in ’09. But when you look at the complexity of the products in 2010, there will be more complicated DC to DC buck converters as opposed to 2009, where we introduced quite a few low dropout linear regulators and current limit switches.
Steve Pratt: It’s too – it’s really early to tell for us. We’re seeing continued backlog buildup and we’re still seeing steady revenue through the second half of the year. There maybe some slight push-outs for other – as the other products catch up. But, overall – and remember that 2010, the second half of this year, we’re still a very – relatively small percentage of the notebook market. So we may not see it as significantly as some of the other players.Vernon Essi – Needham & Company: No, I understand. I mean your revenue growth trajectory is very robust in this sequential transition, so it’s – you’re sort of an outlier sorts, and obviously I know you’ve got new products coming out and that is my last question, which is on Intelli-Phase, any update there? It sounds like you’ve got some interesting wins possibly there that are coming into the fold in the back half.
Steve Pratt: Yes, Vernon, Intelli-Phase is a long-term selling process. This is a big product going to the CPU core and a new phase for us. And Intelli-Phase is the muscles behind the high-current multi-phase CPU core and power supply. So our emphasis hasn’t changed. It’s – we’re focusing on servers and that’s a longer term stuff.
Steve Pratt: Yes, it can. This is Steve again. Patrick, some of the growth drivers, obviously TVs, Blu-ray players are doing quite well and that’s been a consistent theme for MPS, so more of the same. Now looking beyond that, we’re very excited about industrial, automotive. In that segment, we will be closing out 2010 – the revenue contributions from that product family is going to be more than 10%, so we’re really excited about that product family. In other areas, we have communications, for example, set-top box. More products are going from an LDO to a DC to DC converter to comply to energy starts compliance and European Code of Conduct, so those are really good opportunities for MPS. And another segment, enterprise storage, we’re seeing very good growth in DC to DC power and also load protection solutions in enterprise storage.  And, the last, notebook computing, and in the short term, we’ll see a good second half in that space for DC to DC power. And, in a little bit longer term, moving into servers and gaming opportunities for our DC to DC power solutions.
Steve Pratt: That’s exactly – our point is we’re expanding our footprint and so that’s our strategy, that’s going to get us the growth, and it will increase the top line and our net profit.
Steve Pratt: And you also asked about the question, are we ready to handle that kind of volume? We absolutely are. And if you just look at the TV space, when you think about having multiple sockets per television or per panel, we’re already running at very high volumes, so we’re well prepared for that growth and moving – expanding into notebooks.
Steve Pratt: Yes, okay. Yes, we can – the lighting illumination market, it’s – it’s a very large potential market, its ramp up is slow, its adoption to white LED is from incandescent or fluorescent bulbs is relatively slow, so it’s – we’re preparing ourselves in the market with new products.  The products we have now serve a very small segment in the lower wattage the MR-16 type bulb replacement, some of the automotive interior decorative lighting. And then, in the long-term, we’ll be moving it to some many offline solutions in higher wattage solutions. So it’s – it’s a moderate size contributor for 2010 and I think much more in 2011. I describe the growth as a moderate.
Steve Pratt: And the street lighting, Michael pointed out, mentioned street lighting. We’ve some good traction there, where the countries are getting subsidized. Some government subsidies are giving incentive to use LED solutions as alternative.
Steve Pratt: And then the product focus has been in the predominantly the DC to DC power where we excel in high voltage and at the highest current densities. And, for backlighting, white LED backlighting, our solutions, white LED solutions, multi-channel, single channel covering a broad range of white LED monitor sizes.
Steve Pratt: So prices is kind of stable.Shawn Simmons – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. And then, you mentioned that you left some revenue on the table this quarter. Could you guys possibly quantify that or and also looking out into 3Q, it sounds like you could leave a little bit on the top line there as well? Any color on that would be great.
Steve Pratt: Okay. Doug, so for the first half of the year, our lead times has been extending and there hasn’t been much change at all in general in the lead times between Q1 and Q2, so we’re around 12 weeks to 16 weeks in general for the products that have lead time issues.Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: Any projection on when they’ll come back into is normal 8 weeks to 10 weeks.
Steve Pratt: Yes, normal is 8 weeks to 12 weeks, 8 weeks to 10 weeks. And like we had said earlier, the Q4 timeframe.Doug Freedman – Gleacher & Company: All right, great. Thanks guys.
Steve Pratt: I mean – and I will do the clarify Doug. We’re continuing to see improvements on individual products as we get – we’ve been able to get more capacity, we’re now shipping products from that increased capacity. So lead times are coming down and improving on individual products.
Steve Pratt: Well, it’s just expanding our footprints like some of the previous callers that we’ve responded to. So by extending our footprint into other growth markets, that’s going to give us the best return on top line and net profit.
