Genevieve Cunningham: Welcome, everyone, to the MPS Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Webinar. My name is Genevieve Cunningham, and I will be the moderator for this webinar. Joining me today are Michael Hsing, CEO and Founder of MPS; and Bernie Blegen, VP and CFO. In the course of today’s conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty, which could cause results to differ materially from management’s current views and expectations. Please refer to the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified in the Safe Harbor statements contained in the Q4 2022 earnings release and in our latest 10-K and 10-Q filings that can be found on our website. MPS assumes no obligation to update the information provided on today’s call. We will be discussing gross margin, operating expense, R&D and SG&A expense, operating income, other income, income before income taxes net income and earnings on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A table that outlines the reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures is included in our Q4 and full year 2022 earnings release, which we have filed with the SEC and is currently available on our website. I’d also like to remind you that today’s conference call is being webcast live over the Internet and will be available for replay on our website for one year, along with the earnings release filed with the SEC earlier today. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Bernie Blegen.
Genevieve Cunningham: Our next question is from Alex Vecchi of William Blair. Alex, your line is now open. Our next question is from Matt Ramsay of Cowen. Matt, your line is now open.
Genevieve Cunningham: [Operator Instructions] As there are no further questions, I would now like to turn the webinar back over to Bernie.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that there’s been a lot of press recently around weakness in notebooks as far as unit sales. And in addition, we’ve started to see some word [ph] here about declines also in the memory market. Interestingly, memory continued to be very strong for us offsetting a decline in notebooks. And as we look ahead here, we actually see notebooks beginning to improve in the early part of 2023. And probably those gains will offset a decline in memory. So we’re basically looking at this category at least for the first half of the year to be flattish.
Bernie Blegen: Absolutely. In the enterprise data we’ve really got good traction with the GPUs for artificial intelligence and so that should really be one of our growth drivers in the first half of 2023.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. When we look at CPUs in the enterprise data, there’s still initial softness as we’re waiting for the platform launches for both the Sapphire Rapids and Genoa to take off.
Bernie Blegen: And Matt keep in mind, the resilience of our business model has to do with the diversity of the end markets, the customers, the geographies that we serve. So consumer, well, it has dropped to around 10% of the quarter remains a very important part of that strategy and will continue to invest in it.
Bernie Blegen: Okay. Gary, it’s okay. So when I look at the channel inventories from Q4 to Q1, or I’m sorry, from Q3 to Q4, they basically stabilized. So we didn’t see a significant increase either in terms of dollars or days in the quarter. Likewise when we talk about inventory on our balance sheet, and I’ll address that out as well. There’s about a six month lead time from when we can slow down wafer starts when you see it on the balance sheet. So likewise, as we’re looking now to head to Q1, we see both inventory in terms of dollars on our balance sheet as well as in the channel, stabilizing sell-through in the channel remains very good. And then it should normalize in the second half of the year.
Bernie Blegen: Clearly, as you look at a business driver in 2022 and as we look ahead, you can also see the impact of selling higher value technologies and higher ASPs that go along with it. So while many companies use this supply-demand imbalance as an opportunity to raise prices to their customers, we only had one single-digit price increase back in February and all of the other is representative of higher ASPs and volume gains.
Bernie Blegen: So when we look at Q1, and obviously, we’ve guided down about 2%, which is sort of consistent with seasonal trends. And it’s – the industrial is likely to come down. And I may have left you with an incorrect impression because Enterprise Data is likely to go down even though GPU, AI will improve. And then on the plus side, the momentum in automotive continues to be very strong.
Bernie Blegen: So I’ll give you the numbers correction and Michael will give you this strategic answer. Modules currently are about 5% of our business.
Bernie Blegen: And I’d like to go back to Rick’s earlier question, I would say that back in the day, the single biggest ingredient as far as making a decision for design win had to do with the lowest cost. And I think that what our customers are seeing, particularly in the last three years is there are other value drivers consider as far as time to market how much design resource they want to be saved from having to do a total cost of ownership. And those are areas that we’re able to meet our customers’ demand as well, if not better than any other analog or power provider…
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I’d probably look at it as being flattish for the remainder of 2023. And when you look at what’s taken the margin down and while you’re right, we’re down 50 basis points. It’s not a significant deflation from the rate that we’ve been at trending at over the last two years. And it’s really because we have the additional manufacturing capacity, lower revenue. And as we look at the next two quarters at least, the sales mix is not as desirable. 
Bernie Blegen: I think as Michael is expressed here between diversifying our supply chain and continuing to invest in R&D capabilities that we have some very real opportunities for additional investment that would show up in growing our operating expenses. Having said that, though, there is a fair amount of uncertainty as far as what the revenue outlook is, and we want to be good financial managers as we go through these market conditions. So I would expect that it’s likely that operating expenses won’t grow much more than 50%, 60% of revenue growth in the current year.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thank you very much and for joining us for this conference call, and we’ll be talking again here for the first quarter update, which will likely be in the late April. So thank you very much.
Michael Hsing: The one component the AI portions still remain to be very strong in the near futures. And then we see a very high growth.
Michael Hsing: Yes, so we do have programs that are going to a wide bandgap materials, okay? And in the past, I think we talk about it in, we have a program to make to investigating and develop those devices since 2017. And now we see the first result and we do have some samples ready, but not in the production yet. My prediction is that are somewhere in the middle of the years, okay, or second half of the years. And related to the – your questions about the isolated modules, when any higher powers is pressuring inverters, solar and solar inverters and data centers also chargers, onboard chargers and all these in the wind turbines. All of these have one basic component in all these very high power applications, which is all the power devices driven by using the isolated modules. And MPS is using, again, using our own BCD process and as well as our bandgap materials and we combine togethers and making a very simple [indiscernible] and a very ease of use power modules for those type of applications. Some of these products already in production in the EVs currently. And things that we expected higher growth in the next couple years.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We see as everybody else see in the geopolitical tensions and as you know MPS in the past, we always want to be a local company in every political regions. And we did that successfully in R&D site. And because for one thing is close to customers, other ones and – other ones we isolated from these tensions from between the countries. And for the manufacturing side, currently, we can fulfill all our customer demand to – demand for wherever they want to manufacture it. And we want to – by end of the year or by the next – by end of the year or next years, we will have fully rent and for the new capacities just in case the [indiscernible] really separated.
Michael Hsing: Yes, it’s a misconception for MPS is that we are – lot of manufacturers that’s in China. That’s true. But it’s a misconception. So, okay, we do in a prior COVID – we do – most of, we do at least half of it manufacturer and at least we have capacities is outside the countries or outside of China. And to answer your question, whether zero impact in the – for whoever customers request to manufacture in the outside of China in the past and the futures.
Michael Hsing: Yes, and again, I would say that I mean, in the past, last year capacity issues like a constrain the consumer growth. And we do have a lot of opportunity. We just didn’t pick it up because of the capacity issues. And in the downturns in the past, as you know, that again and will be a lot more aggressive for in these consumer market segment because when you react to a price and you react to the opportunity how fast you react to the opportunity. And within the six months, you’ll see the – you’ll see the bigger number change in a consumer segment. And that’s what we would do.
Michael Hsing: It’s fair to say like I mean, in 2019, we deliberate build 200 days plus inventory because we did see all these opportunity. And then now the inventory goes this highs because go over 200 days again. And that is because the customers demand start to pushing out and this is on the high side and we will cautiously and reduce it. And it’s not – this is not the same as it was done in 2019.
Michael Hsing: It’s very diverse to growth in – with a little more aggressive activities in the consumer segment. And this is different from 2020 to 2021. And everything is the same because we are not – we don’t – it’s not a one trick ponies, and like not a two trick pony either. So I mean we have a multiple product. We have a product like 5,000, 6,000 different products. We have a few thousands of customers, large customers, let’s say, biggest customer is less than 4% in a different industry. And with our – that’s the same way as we do in the last 10 full years. And we’re still continue to pass.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We’re seeing better activity. I think that we commented both in Q3 and repeated it here, that customers have gotten a lot more near-term focused and you can point to consumer, you can point China as being areas that was very observable. And right now, we’re seeing a lot better activity but it hasn’t necessarily translated into what I call a normalized ordering cover.
Michael Hsing: Our investors, our customers choose to buy our stocks. And hey, we don’t do it in the pay to pay, the me-too products. Everything is pretty much single source product. And our products a lot more programmable, a lot more versatile and gave me and our customer can configure those products. And of course, we’ll take advantage of it, okay, in a shortage. Our customers can use our product in a multiple way, I mean, lot of them are software based. And announced and as you know, in the software side and I mean is a lot more stickier. And we will continue to use our technical strengths and to gain the market share and I mean headwinds, okay, for those people they don’t believe that, okay. We have a hearing I mean that’s fair, but our numbers delivered like our past number to show that.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And so it’s a significant business now. I mean and eventually, yes, that’s what all I want to see. And MPS all going to move into a new type of modules I mean in modules, power module has a bad connotation, I know that I mean lot of companies in a power module business and those are 30% gross margins and I don’t know what’s the right word to use it, it is a power modules and like in place okay with, but that’s not your old grandpa’s, again, power modules. And again, this is very different. Our margin is above core average. And some of the solutions much, much higher. But – and we sell it was all well over $100 stuff, and that’s kind of I see as a part of its hardware plus service and customers, the users, they don’t need to know like how does – how to use the product or how to – you have to have a very deep knowledge how to design a power supply, okay. And they should use very simple solutions like what we provide. They don’t need the headaches to design a power supply, I think that we’re going to end up with MPS or without MPS will be that, okay, but MPS want to be a leader in that.
Michael Hsing: Yes, as well to give you examples and okay, we build our own test equipment, semi equipment test equipment and all based on the MPS power modules. And if you buy those kind of power modules, they can selling well over $50. And so that in semi equipment market segments that’s a perfect thought for that. And these are very high ASP and very much, much compact than on the current market.
Michael Hsing: Our trashing inverters and using silicon carbide, okay, it’s not this year and maybe even if we will see it next year. Our silicon carbide devices, okay, we design our own – we develop our own, okay. And we want – we picked up some market segment that proves our products are reliable in the first. And that’s the first step. To answer your questions, and this year, okay, and there’s no large number of building in our revenue stream, yes, okay, and so we don’t expect that, but that’s just approved the technologies now.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We can – are glad to ask the questions, okay, a couple of days ago, I saw an image and we received from our customers, and we use our customers, use our imaging for the X-ray machines and much better than their prior versions. And so when is – we sample other biotech companies and they are – our product is designed in and we will see the revenues probably a small revenue this year in the next years. This is a slow ramping products that get very high barriers. And the bottom line is we have the technologies, and we have the know-how to design a very high performance data converted. These are – is comparable if it’s not better. And we will broaden the product portfolios and as we expand our teams and these take lot of efforts and a lot of investment. And so far, we built up a pretty good sizable teams. And now you will have – see more general product coming up in the next couple of quarters.
Michael Hsing: E-commerce. Well, maybe it’s not as fast as I want to be. And I said my expectation too high and I think it’s better here is that we launched MPS now I mean, actually, I’ll take back. I think it’s not as – it’s true, not I expect more, okay, but there’s a lot of resistance. I mean – but our modules lot of module ramp-up. It’s from e-commerce. And we – after last year, yes, after maybe 13 or 14 or 15 months ago, we launched MPS in a remote technical support. And that helped a lot. And especially our module side, again, help our customers can schedule a meeting online. And we can solve their – when they’re logging we solve their technical issues. That helped a lot. And I think the most part of the ramp-up is from the MPS now from a website. But overall, all things and it will take time, okay? And you are talking about engineer change their behaviors, okay, how do you design the product and how you’re purchasing the product. And I think as next 10, 12 years, even now in the next five to 10 years for the millenniums and to design a power supply and they want to do Google search rather than do the fundamental design like in the past 20 years ago, like the last 20 years. And so these are the products designed for that, okay, for easy plugging play use and easy to use and can buy from the Internet.
Michael Hsing: I’d agree that lead times have been coming down. They were up as long combined as much as 26 weeks or six months. And they’re coming down more slowly than you think. So I don’t know. Obviously, our customers have changed their ordering behavior. And if that could be attributed to the change in lead times or the fact that they have adequate inventory or that they’re uncertain about with the next six months, I can’t really say which is a driver in their decision.
Michael Hsing: I think you made a very good comment. It is opportunistic, okay? Remember, we – how many years ago, we – years ago, let say and we have more than 50% of our MPS revenues is all from consumer. And these are five fast design cycles in fast revenues and cycles product and on opportunities. And we have the right product, right support and right price and you can move the needle quickly. And obviously, in contrary to the other industrial automotive cloud computing and these are much longer design cycles and they’re kind of slowing down one segment to the other or relative in – it’s not as – clearly, it’s not as in the last couple of years. And the consumer is our opportunity again, and we know how to do it, okay? And we have the product and we have the price structures and not as high as all the other segments, and we will do that.
Michael Hsing: No, it’s not. Okay, consumers is a – diversity is always our strategies. And last couple of years, we didn’t grow because of capacity constraints, okay? And we sacrifice on the consumer side.
Michael Hsing: I think it’s – we don’t know what is the business model. I think it’s – I know this size takes time. And the market is large, a few competitors. All these, you said these are 800 pounds of gorilla, okay. We are well little highs going around – and we had to run fast. And it’s just to take opportunities and okay, what presents the product and our customers. And they do have an eye on the different suppliers especially come from the last couple of years. And it’s – we have a good hope, but we know it take a while.
Michael Hsing: Having said that, in the past, in the past two years, now we reached $2 billion companies and they all one point okay, whatever… 
Michael Hsing: Yes, 1.8, okay. I mean, our infrastructure hasn’t really grown that much. In the last couple of years, and it’s difficult to hire people and now we have a lot more breathing room, okay, this is the time to build up a company.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. The question is about where lead times are right now and the degree of product shortages. With your inventory up now, has that helped to bring down lead times and alleviate some of the shortages? And if so, has that taken away perhaps some of the incentive for customers to place orders for a product they didn’t – they don’t need. What – it’s obviously one of the things we worry about as we go through the cycle, interested in your view on that.
Chris Caso: Got it. Okay. As a follow-up, Michael, you mentioned in some earlier remarks, plans to be a little more aggressive on consumer business as you go through the year. So wondering if you could expand on those comments? Is that something just opportunistic this year, something that you see in the market is that just a function of the diversity of your business model where some other business is slow. So you can go find business elsewhere, if you could give us some more color on that, please.
Chris Caso: If I could just follow on that, does that imply when business improves elsewhere, we’ve got a better macro and such some of the product cycles elsewhere with maybe higher margin opportunities develop that you sort of back away from some of that and come back to some of the other segments that have driven growth more recently.
