Michael Hsing: I think if we see it starting last couple of quarters and just slowly. There are all these activity, yes, now that we see a lot more.
Michael Hsing: This is a very beginning - at the very beginning early for MPS. All the opportunities still developing here.
Michael Hsing: I think a 48 volts market is an inevitable and as CPU or GPU power increases that's the only way to get the current down, to get the efficiency up and thing is that it's all, well none of the our competitors they are publishing papers, but we have solutions now.
Michael Hsing: I don't think, we don't have a see a real solution out there, okay other than existing 48 volts, and 48 volts which is a very expensive as far as I know. And I think we are first few companies, first company that has our own solution as semiconductor players.
Michael Hsing: And I think it's 2019, 2020 kind of things. And I mean I don't rule out, and at the end of the year we have some small volume productions happening.
Michael Hsing: I think it's across a basket of vertical. Now we with 12 inch and we integrate a lot more features in there and as we talk about a lot of programming capability, a lot of memories and along with the increase of a power density and I think we'll be putting a power solution as MPS name, the Monolithic Power System, we're going to put a sub power systems on a single chip in 12 inch - 12 inches just widen our capability.
Michael Hsing: Yes, that's a good reading. Okay, I mean of course we're not sayings and okay we're going to accelerating more but the way I certainly anticipated that. Okay, if there's opportunity there.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's a - if we're talking about all the design wins and okay we can go for hours. And I frankly I don't even know. I can remember three or four things. Look I mean just-- this is truly a broad-based growth and we're not using our standard product and using our configurable software, we can go into a many different field, that's actually reality, yes, and that's the beauty of it. I can't say which one has a more growth and now you're talking about server, locking and talking about autos, and these are much a very high concentrated market segment that we can talk about it. But a lot of others actually grow more than these areas. So I can't really talk about it in a - in fact, lot of smaller customers using our solution that really excites me. That means okay we're pushing a margin even higher, and we provides the service. Our customers really want that even though we have outrageous margins. So that's kind of things I'm getting excited.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Ross you don't have to worry about these inventories, look I mean we increase it and I know this our invest - our investors - some of the investors kind of sensitive okay and I'm a kind of irritated okay. We grow this much and we need it real, a real inventory to back it up and on top of it all these products, a new product, because anything goes wrong we have something to back it up. And also provides with some industrial automotive even computing company, they want inventory, they want okay we are the new players and we guarantee they're supplied. So that's why we're doing it. And so last reason is I don't worry about inventory, our product cycles the last for 10 years and we never - we don't have a problems until have a huge write-off.
Michael Hsing: Yes, well, I think Ross you cover us as things the IPO right. And you see that seasonality change and from a consumer centric to broad-based announcing okay. And last year, we see a four quarters consecutive growth. That's the first time I think a first time ever in 2006. That was the last time so this is the second time. And I think at this time is a really changed from - or the business change. And that's a less irritated question.
Michael Hsing: Well, I think our web e-commerce website is up and I think that's the only the first step and regarding to revenue, no, okay and but the business model it's more - the more I visit customers, these are smaller customers and the more I really excited. I think of this is a we were hitting flashing point, sometimes this year or next year, as we provide a more color - now it's the time provide more content, working with full on the website. How we serve to all these, time to - very quick time-to-market product or underserved customers. And the business models are truly really believe more and more I believe when I visit those smaller customers. And I see a lot more opportunity and now we have a delivered more content. We have the website but although the programming portion is still not there yet, but as we - as I talk about we hand them a floppy disk, they can program it on their own now.
Michael Hsing: I haven't really thought about this or probably because we have a third-party product and as our part of our solutions okay. And so that probably will be a higher inventory in the futures.
Michael Hsing: No, that's correct. And we have a very efficient solutions and I think as a lot of people seen it and we're presenting a papers. We have a real we have a real product now okay. And these are - this product family is a very cost effective, and I think as a 48 volt we're really betting on it, that's our future.
Michael Hsing: We don't have a shortage and we don't have a shortage. In last year we expand a fab and that this year we expand fab again. And we don't see shortages okay. We have a lot of inventory. So, no. we don't have a shortage issues. And two other ones I heard a lot of stories okay out there. I can't confirm.
Michael Hsing: I can give you something as well. See it again in what I believe the business that we focus on a very long term and in a very broad-based and these are designing activities. And I have designing activities turn into a revenue takes about three or four years. And we see all these activities and we see all these activity turning to our revenues. And I think from now on we will have a very consistent growth. And that's really what we want to see it in a steady state, in a growth - maybe steady to have a bad connotation, somebody going to pick up okay we're slowing down, we're not okay. So I think as a consistent is the key. And from next couple of quarters and we don't see it much of a difference from last year I guess yes.
Michael Hsing: Oh, it's of emotions and I just visit a couple of customers when I came in these are really need our help and they will glad to see us okay. These are from what do you call it the mill the packaging sorter to warehouse management, to massage chairs, to a hospital bed okay and they have a different kind of a design and each design take them half year or three months to half year. And we can't go in there with our standard product, standard module, and sometimes they want to buy us - our bio modules and we buy from a third party. We produce several standard product and we use a program to change it either significantly change our business. We sell in instead of a few dollars a chip now we sell $20-$30 module now. And our customers or those customers really want this product. And so they do not have to go through a design. So that's kind of thing to get me excited.
Michael Hsing: I'd like to thank you all for joining us to this conference call. As a reminder, MPS will be hosting an Analyst Day on June 7th at our offices in San Jose, California. We expect this to be an informative update on MPS' strategic direction. I hope you will be able to join us. And if you are unable to join us on June 7th, I look forward to talking you again during our second quarter conference call which is likely to be at the end of July. Thank you. Have a nice day.
Bernie Blegen: Yes and I think that in addition to Purley, we certainly increased the number of design wins that we have on this cycle with some of our other products, the point of load in the E-Fuse. And so as we look ahead, we see a continuing momentum.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, well, we only talk about results for the next quarter of forecasts; we don't see anything that's changing that assumption.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that it's prudent to be cautious as far as interpreting the ordering trends that we're seeing. In each of the last three quarters, the bookings and backlog going into the quarter have been running higher than they traditionally have. And so as a result of that we wanted to a, be able to make sure that we have adequate inventory in order to be able to meet real demand, but by the same token we're trying to manage what we observe as far as inventory in the channel to make sure that that doesn't increase and come at the expense of future growth. So when we looked at the channel inventory at the end of Q1, it was very consistent, in fact, it was down a few days more we've been a year ago.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. When we look at automotive right now we are certainly benefiting from significant growth, but still we represent such a small portion of what the total available market is to us. So a lot of what we're seeing right now is been any gains in infotainment and then we've also seen some gains in body controls and also in certain of the networking applications. And we look forward to opportunities in ADAS In particular, although I don't think that those will be of a material nature to us until for another couple of years.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So when we look at a lot of the growth that we've started to enjoy probably beginning in Q3 of 2017. We were basically introducing new products and new markets for new customers. And the demands of these customers are significant meaning that we didn't want to come out of the gate with our new release, new product releases and not be able to sustain the growth because of being constrained in any way. So I think you recall that last year we invested in bringing up a fourth fab in order to aid capacity. So really this has been pretty consistent, as far as an overarching supply chain management philosophy to position us to be able to achieve as Michael said, should a demand be there, this accelerated rate of revenue growth. And we believe that we have actually targeted so when we look at the inventory levels, they're targeted in some of the highest growth revenue areas. And right now it's also in the quarter pretty well evenly split between raw materials work and process and finished goods meaning that what we've done is have a very balanced approach to how we're making those investments.
Bernie Blegen: Sure I can help out with this. So if you look at generally speaking we have a fairly large or pronounced fall-off in revenue between Q4 to Q1. And that didn't occur, so the base that we're starting out with Q1 revenue is much higher than the seasonal norm would normally have provided for. And some of that represented that we had some late deliveries in Q1 that aided our performance in the quarter, but then also creates an issue with the comparable Q2 number. So I would say that we do have a profile to always be able to meet expectations. And in fact do a little bit better and there is a change in seasonality relative to what our historic norm has been with Q1. And none of that is related in any way to the 606 the new revenue recognition standard.
Bernie Blegen: And sorry part of the benefit of being able to go to the 12 inch wafer is that we can have larger production runs and get better cost economics that certainly benefit this mass customization market.
Bernie Blegen: I mean one of the things that we work to do is even though we're on a high growth relative to our industry is we want to be predictable. And I don't think there's anything boring about that.
Bernie Blegen: One of the things that we benefited from is we've seen this shift in our business mix is that there's longer lead times and so as a result of that we're able to have very consistent 10 to 20 basis points improvement in our gross margin quarter-over-quarter and what that allows us to do is find the mix that allows us to accelerate our rate of revenue growth. So it's really having that visibility in that lead time that allows us to be able to manage the business in this manner.
Bernie Blegen: No. We are - we keep an eye on what Intel is doing but as far as a delay and a release or a change in their roadmap, it does not - is not going to impact us.
Bernie Blegen: I think just to add to that sort of two things that all of our R&D is focused on right now is really the ease of use, and that we're really focused on selling our customers solutions as opposed to just an individual IC.
