Michael Hsing: Okay. We don’t have a capacity now and we disclosed the last earnings call we added another foundry with a much more advanced equipment. And with the BCD-3 product we strengthened, I’ve always said, we strengthened it by a huge amount, more than 30%, 40% of die size. Our - even our existing foundries we couldn’t fill it up, because number of the wafer dramatically reduced. So we don’t have any capacity constraint. And audio represents the technology for BCD-3 product, the third generation is now in a converting phase and BCD-4, the fourth generation we are trying to release at the end of the year. 
Michael Hsing: This is very - we disclosed that information on the - on grandly because this is a milestone for MPS. And MPS is always in the analog side, we don’t have a digital, now we have a digital capability and it took MPS more than a year or 2 to do that and that’s a milestone. In terms of our revenue, this is - grandly is really a 2014 volume. So now, we are engaged with our customers and therefore designing process now. 
Michael Hsing: We expect to have a percentage, we expect to remain the same level of slightly lower in other market segments picking up, but the revenue dollar, it will be - will have a modest growth in consumer area. 
Michael Hsing: Yes and that’s the truth. But the industrial revenues and the contribution of the gross margin from industrial is rather small for MPS at this time because the overall industrial revenue is not as big and more in communications and a computing from a - especially from a new generation product for the computing area. 
Michael Hsing: To answer your point it’s due to do same formula. We view the capacity around $70 million so it’s still running at the $50 million range, so it still have a lot of room which we include. 
Michael Hsing: Well, as I said earlier than the consumer - the percentage of a consumer product will go low. And that overall dollar will still go up. So overall margin as the revenue grow it should go up slightly. Although, we don’t want to emphasize the margin only. We want to have a balanced growth between the growth margin and also the revenue growth. 
Michael Hsing: Yes. We - our current models do have 50% and a 55%. So we’re so in the middle now and as the revenue grow in the euro expected, we will go even higher. But we - at this time, we are not changing our model. 
Michael Hsing: No, the modules and we are actively engaged with our customers. So we have a conference call with them every week and for the progress of the project and we don’t expect any revenue in the second quarter and/or even third quarters. 
Michael Hsing: That’s a good question and we try to figure out what is seasonality and also relating to next couple of years - financials and the unstable market with our new business. And we really can’t tell in the - that the close to 50% our business still in a consumer side. So I would still expect to have a very - a similar trend, but not as much - now - we don’t have a typical pattern anymore. 
Michael Hsing: Well, we never had a Q4. We have our Q3, we have always have a big Q3 and a Q4 slightly down, even or slightly down and I don’t see and really depend on [indiscernible] market and also the computing market and what Q3 will be and we are still contemplating, but at this time too far away to say it. But overall I expected the things that new product designing activity happened in the last year and I expect the revenue continue to grow. 
Michael Hsing: That’s true. We have all the computing product and those are the new generation with computing product called out high ASP and also for storage and the new generation where products like SSD and HDD are higher price, will have - those products have a higher content. 
Michael Hsing: Yes, we do have some design wins in the U.S. mall - in the U.S. market although we are not really qualified for big 3 automakers, but we design it in those component makers. 
Michael Hsing: To BCD-3 and BCD-4, the fourth generation we’re planning to release in production at the end of this year. 
Michael Hsing: These are - yes, we do have - we can’t call a design win because the production day is a little further away. And but certainly many leading manufacturer needing supply from the - in the server market, they’re very interested in MPS solutions. 
Michael Hsing: Well, we have a - we had a product that it have with a little problem, where I mean and we corrected that and so we got a design win now, we got a design win, we got a multiples which called a multiple design, design wins after we release this product in early - just at the end of the last year. And so we will have an enough - a meaningful revenues from LED lighting in this year. 
Michael Hsing: Yes. So and this year, the Monitor business is still - will be very strong as we’ll release a new product for that market. And we also see the lighting business will grow too. 
Michael Hsing: Well, we did that in the 2010. We did a lot revenues and I mean in a TV mark - 2011 loss a lot of revenue then in a market - in the Korean TV market. And now the overall TV market we - I think it’s 2010, and our revenue is only - is about a 30% and in terms of overall market we’re still a small, it’s not a dominate player like 20%, 30% of our total market share. So without the Korean - major Korean TV makers and so our percentage is a much smaller now and with [indiscernible] and with the crew product we released we’ve released in last year and we expect to gain some shares and although and that’s not our focus. 
Meera Rao: We had told you last quarter that we had got -- gained a lot of market share in set-top boxes, so we saw stronger revenues from set-top box in the quarter and we also saw a stronger demand from a whole lot of general purpose consumer products. And I think a lot of it is the new design wins and some of the market share that we have been gaining in this market. 
Meera Rao: Okay. Our first quarter mix - product mix came in lower, it’s a combination of products and customers and it’s largely because of consumer and a little bit of the low end computing as well. 
Meera Rao: As we explained before, there was a 300 basis gross margin hit that we took back in Q4 2010. And so as we grow that we get some of that back or we get some of the gross margin improvement out of it. But one of the things to keep in mind is we'll always be balancing revenue growth with gross margin growth. 
Meera Rao: Last quarter was an exception, it’s typically a down quarter and we were projecting revenues to be flat to up and so as an exception, we shared the bookings number. For this quarter, I’ll just say that we entered the quarter with good bookings and we are comfortable with the quarter guidance. 
Meera Rao: Sure. In terms of the OpEx, R&D we’ve got all the headcount on board. So any increase would be associated with new product releases, math sets and development wafer large things like that. With regard to sales and marketing, we just hired a new sales and marketing executive and we’ll be adding a few more as we find them. So, I would expect salaries to increase a little bit and then we would also have variations, I would say sales commissions could go up and down along with revenues. 
Meera Rao: Yes, we expect to increase in-house inventory levels. It will be getting closer to our in-house inventory models that’s may be goes slightly short of that. 
Meera Rao: In fact, right after Intel sent out the approved vendor list, we got a lot of request from customers asking for samples and boards. 
Meera Rao: Yes. I think we’ll see another quarter with CapEx will be up and then they will be back to the usual levels. 
Meera Rao: Actually, if we have continued to breakout the revenues by product type as well as DC/DC and wireless, but what you see is lighting control revenues includes both LED lighting, as well as backlighting revenues. 
Meera Rao: I can give you the Q4 and the Q1. Again we already gave Q1 2011. I can give you an approximation of the Q4 2011 if that would be helpful. 
Meera Rao: I’ll just - I gave it in the script, but let me just walk through it one more time. Communication is about 23%, computing about 18%, consumer was 52%, industrial is about 7%. 
Meera Rao: Sure, Q2 communications was 24% in Q2, 23% in Q3, computing was about 14% in Q2 and 17% in Q3. Consumer is about 57% in Q2 and 53% in Q3. Industrial is about 6% in Q2, and about 8% in Q3. 
J. Steven Smigie: Just a follow-up a little bit more, you guys had a very strong result here on the first quarter and a very good guidance. How can we think about seasonality this year given that typically Q3 would be very strong from you? So first while you’re moving more towards networking business and other area is industrial that you probably means you will have less of that seasonality going forward, plus you've had 2 above expectation quarters. So how should we think about that seasonality this year and next year we have more of that mix in your business. 
J. Steven Smigie: Okay. Within the operating expenses, can you give some color on what the mix would be as a percentage wise, dollar wise, SG&A versus R&D and talk a little bit about R&D spend over the rest of the year. Is it certain dollar amount you guys are looking to spend for the year? That's the question. 
J. Steven Smigie: Okay. So I should think that you probably see much faster ramp in SG&A going forward and then R&D dollars just really have to spend in place the dollars probably will ramp that significantly. 
J. Steven Smigie: Okay. And I’m sorry if I missed this somewhere, but you appreciate you guys giving the end market breakout very helpful. I think when you gave us Q1 I think you gave comparisons for Q4 and Q1 a year ago. If you have guys could put on the website Q3 and Q2 if it’s not familiar in the press release that I missed it. 
J. Steven Smigie: Right I appreciate, I just take there is point for Q2 and Q3 and it’s only if important that you send that information out. 
