Genevieve Cunningham: Welcome everyone to the MPS Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Webinar. Please note that this webinar is being recorded and will be archived for one year on our Investor Relations page at www.monolithicpower.com. My name is Genevieve Cunningham and I will be the moderator for this webinar. Joining me today are Michael Hsing, CEO and Founder of MPS; and Bernie Blegen, VP and CFO. During this webinar, we will discuss our Q2 2020 financial results and guidance for Q3 2020, followed by a Q&A session. Analysts you are currently muted. [Operator Instructions] In the course of today's webinar, we will be making forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty which could cause results to differ materially from management's current views and expectations. Please refer to the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today. Risks, uncertainties and, other factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified in the Safe Harbor statements contained in the Q2 earnings release and in our SEC filings including our Form 10-K filed on February 28th, 2020 and our Form 10-Q filed on May 11th, 2020, which are accessible through our website www.monolithicpower.com. MPS assumes no obligation to update the information provided on today's call. We will be discussing gross margin, operating expense, R&D, and SG&A expense, operating income, interest, and other income, net income, and earnings on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A table that outlines the reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release which we have filed with the SEC. I would refer investors to the Q2 2019, Q1 2020, and Q2 2020 releases, as well as to the reconciling tables that are posted on our website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernie Blegen.
Genevieve Cunningham: Thank you, Bernie. Analyst, I would now like to begin our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Tore, your line is now open.
Genevieve Cunningham: Our next question comes from David Williams from Loop Capital. David, your line is now open. We'll move to the next question. This comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Ross, your line is now open.
Genevieve Cunningham: [Operator Instructions] As there are no further questions, I would now like to turn the webinar back over to Bernie.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We try to expand another fab and we're exploring another 12-inch fabs, okay, as well as a 8-inch fab outside of China.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Tore, our product is a very fundamental use of building blocks, okay? And we supply all these power to power management for all electronic devices and including automotive. And now one segment clearly in this pandemic and everybody knows the infrastructures for telecommunications and data centers and as well as IoTs and the PCs and they'll grow. And MPS okay just supply these are building blocks for all these segments. And as Bernie said earlier other than automotive all segments are doing well.
Michael Hsing: Yes. The Bernie's comment was very similar to our statement in the Q1 and Q2, okay? We didn't -- we expect at the time that all segment will grow including automotive. And so what is the magnitude of the growth is to our surprise. And even during the first couple of quarters, we -- first quarter, we mentioned again we have more order than we can ship. And so now we're going to second half of this year's the macro conditions to us is not very much -- it's not unsettled. And so we will prepare to change quickly. And -- but overall orders are still very good.
Michael Hsing: It's -- a couple of them clearly is 48 volts and as we talk about it and the other one is in the data centers business. And also as Bernie mentioned earlier in automotive, we engaged with heavily and a lot of activity in ADAS.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Server growth is not a surprise to us. And we talk about it in the past quarters. And we expected a growth from -- say from a year ago. And this year we will grow substantially from last year. So there is no surprises. And so our product is as I remind everybody, it's still a power supply and we're powering up the CPUs and powering up all the electronics electronic devices using a server.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Our assumption, the toilet paper effect wasn't quite right. There is very little, okay? And so the -- after we're diving and deeper into our customers, our distributors, and we found that these growths are real growth and somewhat is very sustainable.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. Let's put that way, our production people and they're working at over 100%. And we still have more revenue that we can ship. I mean, we can order than more than we can ship. And as we increase the capacities in the last six months, the issues are much better now.
Michael Hsing: We are the new players. Okay? We are a relatively small player in the market segment. And we don't see -- for our revenue growth we don't see any slowdown. And as we become a much bigger percentage then we can answer your question better.
Michael Hsing: Rick, your question is barely audible and barely interpretable. We can try it okay try to answer your questions. And 5G is our biggest -- one of the biggest opportunities and very highly concentrated customers. And as you know, the 4G we were not in that and we don't have any revenues. Okay, very little revenues. And now we became a significant player in there and that's because our technologies. And as far as where to grow and which regions? Clearly, China is emphasize it and the Huawei is the biggest players now. So all the other regions we engage with them deeply. And but I have to say they're much slower. And what is the impact for our future business? I believe it's a matter of time. The longer the times and the longer time give us it will be actually better for MPS. And all the other players and had the familiar with MPS and familiar with the MPS technologies. And the time is actually is on our side, but it may affect the revenues. But in China, we see it keep growing in a 5G network.
Michael Hsing: Yes. You're absolutely, right. Our opportunity we don't have a clear picture because again our product there is a very fundamental in us supplying powers and doing power management for each component. And it's really a rough calculation it's more than $40, $50 per stations.
Michael Hsing: Well, thanks for saying you respect me. Yes, I think, it's the same the Maxim and Linear Technologies they are very proven and companies and they competed as -- in the past competes with them and MPS has a little bit agile and in terms of technology development and the product development. So our growth is faster. And I think going to futures MPS now has become meaningful players. And we are -- and if you look at the Linear Technologies with our $1.1 billion the MPS is very close to it. And so our customers were looking for a second of multiple suppliers. And with the superior technologies I think that will give us more opportunities.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. That's the e-commerce glad that you still remember that. And I have to say it's very slow okay, but I really believe that okay. I firmly believe that. We see some initial results. And after -- if you follow our website and our website change keep evolving. And up to a point now we know how do we double or triple the subscribers. And it's actually more than tripled and small start with small numbers. And so we're still doing a lot of surveys. And now I think the website is good enough and that we can work with our partners and online partners and distribute the message more -- much more clearly. And I will see in next few months and we'll see -- I hope to see a lot more result. But overall, we still believe it. And we much believe it in the plug and play solution, it will happen and online distribution, online sales, online configurations that will be the future. And so, for MPS opportunities instead of dollar, sub dollar parts, now, we're selling against $4, $5 or beyond for each component. So, the opportunities still remain and we are still learning.
Michael Hsing: All right. Okay. Obviously, we don't mention customers' names and customers' project names. And let's put that way, so, all the 48-volt product that we have a product in it. And in terms of the VR 14 spec, we have a reference design in that. And MPS will be compared via 13s and we're also a small part of it. And I think, the opportunity for MPS. And it became a significant play as a main player in the VR 14 in the next few years.
Michael Hsing: Yes, for the 12 volts and 48 volts, my belief is mostly still 12 volts. And 48 volts, the application is still limited.
Bernie Blegen: No. I think we've always had a very good track record with credit and collections and the 27 days in the quarter really is a reflection of how front-loaded the initial sales were in Q2.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think that just given the nature of the current macro environment where we did benefit from accelerated ordering patterns, particularly in -- at the end of Q1 that we don't want to become complacent, because we have seen falloffs in demand after we've had a big run-up like we just experienced. So it isn't that we're seeing anything specifically in the market that causes us concern, but just past experience tells us that it's something that we have to monitor.
Bernie Blegen: And one last thing just to follow-up on Michael's comment there is that in the beginning of the year, we did have concerns about supply chain capacity. And we've lowered that risk, but that's still an issue that is requiring ongoing management.
Bernie Blegen: And I think to keep in mind that in a lot of the markets that Michael just listed is that, we are relatively small players. So we have a lot of upside greenfield opportunities that should continue to drive our growth for the next two to three years at least.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And I think we tried to add some color to that in the prepared comments by saying that, we enjoyed a noteworthy step up between Q1 and Q2 or Q4 and Q1 and we maintain that same high level in Q2. So when you look at the year-over-year server is one of our largest year-over-year growth drivers.
Bernie Blegen: I think that the term that we referred to at the end of Q1 was the toilet paper effect that there was an outsized ordering pattern in the last four weeks of March and so we had to take Q2 to more closely understand what that represented. And after we went customer-by-customer and geography to geography, we found out that there were a couple of drivers, well 3. The first was, that there was a increase stepped up increase in demand and particularly as it relates to work from home applications. And so that included storage and 5G and notebooks and then as I said earlier continued strong ordering within automotive. But there was also an acceleration of demand where the distributors and customers wanted to get in line to make sure that they were not. So what we've had to do is a very close evaluation to make sure that we don't let the channel inventories rise too much because of over-enthusiasm. But at this point, we enter this quarter again with a similar backlog profile, as we had last quarter meaning that there's low no reliance on turns business in order to meet our expectations.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think that to give full credit, our operations capabilities were put to the test in the early part of this year. And I think that, we responded as well as one could have expected. And most of the numbers that you cited as far as the capacity expansion are pretty close to the mark. I'm not going to confirm or reject them you're in the ballpark. And I think that, it remains an issue because as we look ahead our growth prospects for the next three to five years certainly are significant. And so what we're trying to do is get both capacity but then also get a geographically distributed. So, that's going to require a continuing level of investment, as we look ahead here for the next few years.
Bernie Blegen: And I would also probably just having learned from this recent experience that, we're more likely to also increase our internal inventories, so we don't have to rely upon necessarily in the moment production excellence.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that Q3 we're going to see a restabilization in the market. Interestingly, even though the manufacturing of the OEMs was shut down for two to three months, people still continue to buy cars. So there is some pent-up demand that they need to meet. But I think that the ramp may not be -- it won't necessarily snap back, I'm expecting to see some additional improvement in Q4, as they start to roll out the new model year. But I don't see it being the stair-step growth that we've experienced in past years.
Bernie Blegen: I think that the gaming console is a very -- a somewhat predictable business, as far as there's almost a bell-shaped curve that occurs over five months beginning in June and ending in October. So that is pretty heavily weighted towards Q3 for what we sell into. And right now the visibility will not be crisp, is the word we used before, probably until late August or early September. Though, right now, we seem to be tracking very well against our expectations.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Stable is not a word I normally assigned to gaming consoles, because it does create this bubble which has certain of its own management challenges. But, yes, I would say, that the demand is meeting our expectations and we have adequate supply chain to handle it.
Bernie Blegen: No. I think the work from home phenomena is real and at some level, we are able to quantify it. But I do think that it is a more front-end loaded cycle as we sort of offered an earlier response. And the only thing to really add is that we're such a small player and this is sort of our first opportunity to really experience accelerated revenue growth, again our visibility and predictability is a little bit low for us right now.
Bernie Blegen: The primary competition is really with ADI and this is the advanced analog. And you're exactly correct that the first opportunity that we're pursuing is actually with a customer and they've provided us their spec and we would expect to be able to have a product that can be prototyped by the end of this year and have initial revenue after that. As far as the longer-term road map, we talked about communications because it is the next targeted market that were high-performance analog.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. So just finishing up where the need for high-frequency and high precision. And as I said there's only one or two other players out there. It's a very difficult market to penetrate. But here again, we believe, we're very well positioned to move into it over the course of the next three to five years.
Bernie Blegen: Great. I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this webinar. And look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter webinar, which will likely be at the end of October. Thank you and have a great day.
