Michael Hsing: I only can speak of today. Even with today’s economic condition I will expect that next year we’ll continue to grow and especially on the newly released product from last 4 months. The total revenue will grow as in today. 
Michael Hsing: Yes, obviously was down by -- some of the -- in the seasonality and which we don’t talk about anymore, we don’t know exactly what is the seasonality anymore, but into some of that is still related. And other one’s I could -- as you know because of shortage in the past years and like 2010 and still affected our current growth which either products are all BCD 2 products and I think last year and end of last year we start to designing BCD suite products, cool power product and some of them to change the existing BCD 2 and also expand in the market share. So the combination with gain and losses and -- or gain and the main slow down on all the products and that you can’t exactly quantify although we try to and -- so you can -- using the past seasonality Q4 is about 5% to 10% down and now this year about 14% to 15% and so extra percent or $4 million or $5 million due to the push out, so that’s best I can to my knowledge I can say. 
Michael Hsing: We don’t know. This year’s seasonality, this year -- okay, Q1 we had a -- we had a growth from the last year and this year and few of our -- more than a few of our customers said that all these projects are pushed out to Q1 and that implies we’ll have a good first quarter, so this -- at least our customer [indiscernible] and the real situation we still can see that very clearly now. 
Michael Hsing: Well it is okay, let me say first and then I will pass it to Meera. From Q3 to Q4 is a significant revenue of a less than -- revenue less than in Q3 so that gross margin stays about similar, so it’s clearly on, it’s a new product in the revenue stream now and -- but we stayed our allowance and gross margins and we don’t see any headwinds to move the margin upwards and we don’t do long term forecast. 
Michael Hsing: We don’t know what the -- the reason we don’t revise the long term gross margin module is that there are a couple of components -- okay, couple of reasons. First, we don’t know what the economic conditions are and if it sometimes in the last -- particularly this year, from the beginning of this year, it looking everything good but now it’s not so good and the key is -- the key point is we want below the revenue and so when the down times we were using pricing to grow the revenue slightly and to stabilize the revenue growth and when the new products we ramp then we will not concentrate on the consumer related product market segment. So the growth is that it was very important for MPS. 
Michael Hsing: Absolutely in BCD 3 and the BCD 4 technology install that kind of application and a web developer single chip solutions for ARM based single chip solutions for determining power to ARM based processor. 
Michael Hsing: Downward levels, I think there will be a high single digit, a mid to high single digit a million  dollars in the Easy power. 
Michael Hsing: The demand of new -- new product increases, I want inventory typically well increase some and so the difficulty -- is the existing products and we are changing -- we are switching from older product to newer product which has better cost efficiency. And so, the demand is on a best stand, we will stock up more inventory. So, as Meera said, the inventory will go in the same level of slightly high. 
Michael Hsing: We don’t forecast in more than a quarter, say, and then we don’t forecast a particular product, but I can tell and I can tell you, and SSD is a growing market and we have a lot of demand actually. And now, 1/3 of our storage revenue which again -- with the sort of storage, 9%, 11%, 12%. 
Michael Hsing: Well, obviously is very spread out, and I can -- in the industry long-term, as I mentioned we grow quite a bit -- we grow the 100%. And so that industrial rhythm itself is very -- have a very big, broad applications and then you go down to a smaller with automotives. It takes 36 months to 48 months to generate any revenues. And the other ones referred fall -- falling in between, like storage, notebooks, ultrabooks and I’d say networking system, networking and also the industrial lighting. 
Michael Hsing: I think the demand just slow down. And they may have some inventory in our customer end. And also, the loss of good story for us is that a new project they delayed; they pushed up. So in -- so the combination of the delay -- the demand and also delayed their ramp and it’s affected us. 
Michael Hsing: Let me correct you, okay? We have a total introduction; we have over 400 products and a high percentage in -- 43% related to consumer-related products. And it’s a high percentage of products in the consumer-related segments. And some of the -- in those segments, some of the new products were pushed out. Not all the product push out. All the product in the networking and industrial lighting, automotive industrials and accessories, notebook, ultrabook, all these are in the servers; all these are -- they are not pushing out. And these are progressing really well. Okay, that’s the message I wanted to make it very clear. Audit inventories, I said we would stay in the same level or slightly higher because all the new products are ramping, including the DC/DC cool power product family. And as our -- many our customer indicated they were ramping in the first half of 2013. So we better have a these products ready. 
Michael Hsing: Well, I think -- then let me clarify it, okay? We are transitioning from BCD 2 to BCD 3, and as Meera said, about a 1/3 of our products is based on BCD 3. And BCD 4, during the split in the process development front and that technology which is released. And the new product we will release starting the first half of next year. So if you answer your questions correctly it should be -- the transition will be in the 2014 or 2015 from BCD 3 to BCD 4. 
Meera Rao: Right now about 30% of our revenue is coming in from all the new products that we have had designed in, so as we draw to next year as more of our new design or new product design grant, we expect to see a higher share as we go into next year. 
Meera Rao: Just to add to that. As we’ve gone on into Q3 and Q4 we see both revenue coming in from newer products which have higher margins, we also see that in fact as our customers move from BCD 2 product to the BCD 3 product which has beneficial impact on our gross margin and we expect both of these structures to continue to play out into next year and just to reaffirm what Michael said, our gross margin module has been 50% to 55% and while we don’t expect any headwinds at this point we are not planning to revise that guidance. 
Meera Rao: LED lighting revenue right now is in a low single millions and this is one that’s growing and we are expecting it to grow next year based on design wins. 
Meera Rao: SSD business has been growing very well. It’s about 1/3 of our overall storage revenue and storage is a bigger part of our computing revenue. 
Meera Rao: Clearly in Q3 and in Q4, we are holding down our OpEx expenses by taking down some of the variable cost and this is in line with revenues being lower, so to the extent that this low demand scenario continues into a portion of 2013, we’ll continue to exercise the same kind of expense control but once we see normal market we will continue to invest in our future. 
Meera Rao: We had kind of projected this last quarter that our inventory levels were going to be higher. And as the result of key functions, we had -- our inventory levels were running well below our target model, our target model is a 100 to 110 days. So back in Q1 and Q2 when we were closer to 80 days, we had started ramping up our inventory, some of which is also in connection with the new products ramps that we foresee. 
Meera Rao: And just one second. Our CapEx for the quarter was about $2.6 million. Operating cash wise, we had a cash outflow of about $2.2 million and that’s because we paid down some current liabilities that we had on the book. 
Meera Rao: From both. As Michael said, we’ve seen some of the demand slowdown for 2 reasons, one is the general economic condition and the second is as customers have responded to the general economic condition by pushing out some of the production ramps of the peer products based on our BCD3 products. 
Meera Rao: I think for the near-term, it’s going to stay at this level, because even though a little higher as you ramp up for the new product revenue ramp. 
Meera Rao: And the other piece number, the SSD have been talking about the last year quarters, we are going to start shipping that product out this quarter, and we expect revenues from the PEMEC to start ramping out in Q1 and the quarters beyond. 
Meera Rao: I think the growth is, we release the product -- we have our first product in early 2011 or late 2010, I don’t remember really, but now we are at about 10% -- 10% is -- it’s about a $10 million business and so it is not explosive growth. So we have a majority of design activities out there. 
Meera Rao: Also, Adam, one of our goals had been to diversify our revenue, and particularly to grow revenues in focus market. So you can see some of that already in our revenue year-to-date or do we expect this to play out even next year. So we have introduced products in a lot of different markets and via team design wins that are going to translate into revenue. So it’s not going to be in just one area. I mean, just now we planned it, and we expect to see it across a broader range of markets. 
Meera Rao: I think in Q4 it’s pretty much the weakness or strongness in consumer and other high volume markets like that in PCs. That’s where we are seeing the bulk of the weakness. We also see some weakness in other markets such as overall the demand. But it’s more amplified I guess in the high volume consumer market because of customer delay in rolling out our DC/DC based full power family products. 
Meera Rao: Sure. I think it’d be consumer and consumer-like markets that came in lower, again, what it would have taken us to hit the midpoint of our guidance. 
Meera Rao: And just to add to that, we don’t have any minimum wafer-out requirements from -- with our foundry partners, so none of this is because we are forced to meet any minimum purchase requirement. 
Meera Rao: Just to clarify, we use BCD 3 both to kind of come out with new products which took advantage of high density power features to go after a newer market in servers, in network, as well as storage. We also use BCD 3 in the high volume market to cannibalize our own BCD 2 products. This is to give us a cost advantage to continue to play in the market. But when we go to BCD 4, our plan initially is to use BCD 4 just to take advantage of even higher power density to go after high value market opportunity. For the plan with BCD 4, at least initially is not to use it in the consumer space. So there is no question of transitioning from BCD 3 to BCD 4. We’ll be using BCD 3 or BCD 4, depending upon the characteristics we need to go after the markets we are targeting. 
Meera Rao: We appreciate your joining us on this call and look forward to talking to you again in February next year. Thank you. 
J. Steven Smigie: Okay, with regard to your computing product that you are focused on currently, can you get products and address it also to ARM based solutions. I realize for you intel -- revenue [indiscernible] because it started from nothing, but could you also use that for ARM [indiscernible] since your out there and do that. 
J. Steven Smigie: Your computing solution that you have targeted at grant [indiscernible]. Could you also use it in power architecture, I know that’s Intel specification but can you use basically that similar setup and try to go after ARM processes where it starts to show up in the books. 
J. Steven Smigie: With regards to the SG&A expense I obviously all of this adjustment you had this year, how should we be thinking about OpEx SG&A as we go to 2013, is that -- should we model that back down or it sort of pop up and you have to account for that or how should we be thinking about OpEx. 
