Michael Hsing: Well, as you know, in this business, building a inventory a qualifier fab, okay. These are now one day, two day things, enough short-term. These all we planted a few years ago. And now we are cut just the opportunity presents it and we just catch it. And nothing was short terms and okay, we couldn’t – we don’t have a crystal ball for the futures and we just react, we just plan ahead and react as fast as we can.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I also want to add and okay, as you remember and a few years ago, and I talk about it. MPS is going for well beyond million or a couple million dollars. And I wasn’t joking and we plan ahead for our business. That’s what we saw a few years ago and now you grow this much is, of course, we didn’t expect that. But we do have a capacities and okay – and we do have to do some creative ways in the scrambling to get to 45%. And so that’s all that is, like, it wasn’t – we don’t have a magic tricks and then in the last six months or so.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We’re qualifying, as you know, so MPS don’t build a fab. And we don’t have a lot of capital spendings and again, but we do have a increase all these capacity qualifier fabs, that cost money. And so to answer your questions, like, and we do transitions – nowadays. Okay. We get all this capacity whether it is 12-inch or 8-inch as much as we can.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. I’m glad you asked the question, the module business I think it’s a side of a 10% for this year.
Michael Hsing: Okay. Yes, yes. And so you can quantify as a much more accurately. Okay. I don’t know the others of numbers in detail. All I know is, and okay, we grow 100% every years in the last couple years. And now you using the word accelerating this years and the next couple years, that’s what I see it now. And the other things, okay, the second part of your questions about acquisitions for the tuck-in technology or to enhance our future growth on the – using our MPS technology for those companies. Yes. We are engaged with handful – as a handful of a company, like, more than six companies and we’re – so far we’re engaging with it and nothing we – nothing materials lies. We should announce it now.
Michael Hsing: Yes. That’s absolutely correct. And for the semiconductors, yes, we have to have a fab capacities for that kind of revenues. But even going the features, because we’re selling more high-dollar modules and solutions and which utilizes silicons even less. So we have – we should have – we shouldn’t – and our CIMIC wafer capacity even so will be less factors.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Overall, we want to achieve a balanced growth. We don’t want to be known as a notebook company. And that’s MPS’ strategy is diversify the growth.
Michael Hsing: If there’s another side, okay. A few years ago, we talked about a greenfield product. And then you actually, I remember, asked, there is no headwind in – is there any headwind in the gross margins. So the answer was all these new products, greenfield product will aim at the high-end products and high values. And so the gross margin should be better. So this time, we didn’t increase the price that much. We pretty much passed the cost to our customers or not even passed to our customers. But as Bernie said, shifted to 12-inch and also the internal efficiency improvement. And with a high gross margin product, that is the majority of the gross margin improvement.
Michael Hsing: Clearly, we shifted away from a consumer side. And so that we allocated a lot of products for these high-end targeted – MPS targeted market segment. So we grow the inventories for those segments.
Michael Hsing: That’s a very, very good question. So okay, how do we grow like 45% over – close to a $1 billion base, okay? Well, you think about it, okay, all these products that we released in greenfield products and these two first-tier customers. And usually, these are large customers that they’re ramping a new supply very carefully. So they don’t allocate a large percentage. They always have a second source. And now we have shortage everywhere. MPS have capacities. So everything shifted to MPS. That’s one factor. And the second factor is that we talk about MPS products are more programmable and our customers find out before they care less. And now they find out, our product – single product can do multiple purpose and that contributes in other factors. And so we can replace and we can – shortly, we designed – our customers redesign and the source out to adopt the MPS solutions. So – but these two points is very sticky, especially the second point, and our MPS products are more programmable, and they enjoy that. And they solve their problems and they realize the values. And so I would say they’re very sticky.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We just – we did – we do have a silicon [indiscernible] and the performance is outstanding. And these are the new market segments, and these are purely in a single side, which we never have. These are internally developed. We have a group of people and they have a lot of experience, and that’s a new market segment for us. So the focus will be the communications and also medical applications, like imaging, x-rays and ultrasounds and those type of things.
Michael Hsing: Yes. So it’s – yes, it is a milestone for MPS. As so-called high-performance analog company, they tried it and they achieved a mediocre result. And now, see what we can do. And we do have a product and so for the next couple of years, and we’ll see what we can do.
Michael Hsing: Well, to answer your questions, honestly, if it gives us another 50% growth for this year, we’ll be in trouble. Okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes, when we look at it, we invest in our customers for the future growth and for the future opportunities. And – but we do have a modest gross margin expansions as our model, okay. We keep saying it, and we have a steady state growth in every segment.
Michael Hsing: Yes. So to answer your first part of the question first, like I mean in the 5Gs, and I give is actually 5G – a lot of products in – especially in the high current side all relate to QSMOD. And similar technology-based product, again, we power up the 5Gs in all areas and from a single size and all the way to transmitters. And we don’t see a very high rate of ramping. And so they’re still steady state. And the other question is QSMOD so like I mean for the data centers. We are – this year, okay, we have to say we occupy is that still less than a single-digit of a total percentage of the total 10 of the market. But the significance is from almost nothing and to a high end of a single-digit. And earlier I said that if we don’t occupy the 30% of the market, we should not be in the business. So we still have a lot of room to grow.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Well, Bernie said that said accelerated expense growth. No, we’re not accelerating. No, absolutely no. Let’s make that clear. And so we are pretty a little bit above our model, okay, growth – MPS growth – the expenses growth, okay? And for the return of cash to our investors, and we have an overwhelming case support for – from our investors in dividend and not buyback. So we are thought about buybacks again now, okay, we still okay, let’s delay it because we get the feedback, okay, they want to divide. I don’t know whether this related to a tax issue or not related, okay. So I think is in a – in the past, we said our models are consistently increased dividends, okay? And the other side of the using of cash is we want to acquire a company, not for revenue growth, is cheaper to grow MPS revenue by zone. But we can do this. So we can – MPS has a lot of garden variety of different products and can fuel some – can enhance a couple of areas to the end product. And we want to acquire those small tuck-in product, very unique and a sustainable growth and a sustainable. And based on MPS technology, we can grow those companies. And that’s the company we’re really interested. And so the earlier, I said were engaged with a few companies now.
Michael Hsing: EV market, we are in the ADAS area, I think that we are in the ADAS 2.5 or 3.0. We almost engage with everybody. And so I can’t give you numbers. For pure electrical car, MPS has about somewhere $80 to $100 shipping to date. And we’re starting this year. We’re starting not this year, starting actually last year. If you involve with a regenerative braking and a drive trend, those will add another over $1,000. And we don’t have those revenue yet, but we do release those products.
Michael Hsing: We are – there’s several – there’s many products that we are talking now, we have released a couple of them already or more than a couple of them already. And the key is we want to offer the total solutions. And customers pretty much can use MPS reference design.
Michael Hsing: Yes. That’s a good question. So okay, you know that okay, first thing I should answer that. MPS don’t build anything. We don’t build anything. We don’t have a fab, but we do have all the technologies. And usually, how we’re getting a fab capacity is those fab are empty. And we go in there, we wonder, we say, okay, we can fill you up. It’s a long-term partnership. And so – and like this year or the last year, okay, and you want to add capacity, forget it, okay? I mean those guys are busy shipment, okay? I mean, there are no fabs. And so we engage with them in the downturns. And we implement our technology. Remember, we don’t – it’s not like building a fab. We don’t build a fab. The cost is minimum. And – but we do have some commitment, and we do have – give some consignment on some equipment, okay. But these costs compare building a fab is much, much less. Okay.
Michael Hsing: We don’t want to be in those. MPS is all of company. Definitely not a noble company. And I think it’s – we are shifting – clearly, this year, we’re shifting from our consumers to – well, at least the last couple of quarters. We shifted from our consumer to automotive and server and service from a cloud computing side. And again – and so these are, for this year, probably remain similar. So okay, that’s why we see it.
Michael Hsing: Yes. But in – who knows? And let’s say, all these other market segments slow down and as a consumer business in every half year, we can shift it. And we can shift quickly, okay. That’s – currently, it’s not a favor, but we can shift quickly. And by end of the year, maybe we grow Consumer business.
Michael Hsing: So far, yes, it’s a very, very high-end product. And - but that’s a new market segment. Like earlier I said – we said that we’re going to ramping the data center very quickly, okay. Turn out to be – it wasn’t the case, okay? So I don’t want to predict that. But I know the technology is good and the test data showed we can be – we are far better than on the existing market of product.
Michael Hsing: Oh, yes. Okay. It’s a matter of time. I’m confident of that. And along the way, probably we learned [indiscernible] Yes, okay.
Bernie Blegen: And I think to add to that, that shows that we have a lot of inventory on hand that presents the capacity to allow us for sales in the next two quarters. So what we’ve done is made conscious investments in inventory, in the supply chain. And what we’re trying to do is manage such that we hold the inventory, we’re still keeping channel in the – channel inventory lean. And we’re trying to make sure to the best of our abilities that we’re in touch with the inventories that our customers are keeping. So they’re likewise lean.
Bernie Blegen: And it’s good as you have note – as Michael noted, we crossed the $1 billion revenue threshold and our revenue growth rate is accelerated from historic precedent.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think it’s important to qualify that the growth that we’ve experienced, in particular over the last two, three years, has really been at the enterprise level, where we’re selling into units that would retail for above $1,200. And we’ve been very successful as far as capturing a large part of market share that really is not necessarily driven by consumer trends. So they’re not as prone to the downward unit numbers that are being projected for notebooks.
Bernie Blegen: And just to pick up on Michael’s point, we saw a very strong uptick in our cloud and server business, particularly in Q4, which we expect to continue to ramp into 2022.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. We tried to reflect on that a little bit in the prepared comments, where I indicated that we’re benefiting right now by a more favorable shift in our product mix, which is higher margins on the new greenfield business, but also operational efficiencies. As far as we indicated earlier, the percentage of silicon that’s coming from 12-inch, but also is a reflection of our improved quality standards. So I think that as we’ve reflected on what the sustainable margin going forward that we’ve offered sort of a new floor, which we look to grow again 10 to 20 basis points sequentially, although obviously, we’ll keep our eyes open if there is an opportunity to have another step-up.
Bernie Blegen: I think something to add there is that we do have some high-volume business, and we’re treating that as a run rate. So we’re – it’s probably the area that has the tightest capacity. But where we have these new products, the greenfield opportunities, we have new customers and new markets as an insurance policy to make sure that they’re perceived very positively and that we can cover upside potential. We have been building inventory to support that. And I think that’s been reflected very well as far as the customer acceptance of the new products as well as market share gains afforded by appropriate inventory levels.
Bernie Blegen: And just to add, as far as the characteristics of this technology, there are not a lot of companies that have been successful with this. And the ones that have, have carved out pretty exclusive markets. And as a result of that, they command very high gross margins. So we look to be a new market entrant, but also with a very – a big competitive advantage.
Bernie Blegen: Chris, I think you get credit for three questions there. Hopefully, I’ll be able to keep the thread going. The first issue had to do with seasonality and generally speaking, from Q4 to Q1, we observed a modest dip. In fact, because we have such an imbalance, an unprecedented demand supply and balance, that in fact seasonality is not as much a function today as opposed to your second question, which has to do with product availability. And that’s sort of the gating item for how fast a company can grow. And as Michael pointed out earlier is that as part of our company, we’ve always built capacity alongside the development of our new products. So we, in fact, got out in front of this upsurge in the market and have been able to participate and, in fact, accelerate our capacity build out. And that’s really a reflection of how we’re looking at 2022. But I think that one thing that we’ve always done is we’ve had to make intelligent decisions many years ahead of when the capacity has been needed. So in fact, we’re in discussions in order to be able to get capacity for 2023, 2024 and beyond. And we feel very secure in what we’re capable of doing in 2022.
Bernie Blegen: I think that most people have recognized within the semiconductors and even specific to analog that, that created an opportunity for many companies to affect price increases with their customers. And a lot of them implemented that as early as Q1 of this year. We showed – we made a conscious decision not to increase our prices on a broad base or selective market opportunities, but broadly, we did not. And we did that along with having a product availability as a means of being able to secure a higher level of market share. And so now as we look at 2022, we are going to implement selective but more broad-based price increases, but they will be at a more modest level than some of our peer companies have implemented.
Bernie Blegen: And Michael, with the release of VR14 that we’re in a very good inflection point on the – in the cloud and in the data center.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And it’s a great question because you want to look at it sort of three levels for our particular story. One is we have to keep a certain amount of cash available in order to fund our growth, particularly as it relates to receivables and inventory, but also we’re expanding operating expenses worldwide at an accelerated rate. And all of those demand a level of liquidity. The next thing that we’ve talked about is building infrastructure and capacity. And even though we’re outsourced as far as our fabs and assembly, we do a lot of our own testing. In fact, with the quality requirements of some of the new markets we’re going in, we can’t outsource that. We do all of our own testing and that requires an additional investment. And then you have buildings, which, as you know, we’re one of the few companies that we purchased our own footprint to house our growing staff headcount. So we’re going to continue to leverage the balance sheet in order to help accelerate our growth while at the same time, as we announced in the prepared comments, we’re increasing the dividend by 25%. So we’re also mindful that we need to return some of the cash back to shareholders.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And I think that when you say that we’ve got five strong horses, that’s a more accurate reflection because I’d say that in the current year, we were surprised by the strength of Industrial. So – and I think that’s going to continue on into the next year. And as we talked about earlier, the communications market, while it may not be coming on as fast as we had originally hoped for or expected, still looks very promising in the second half of this year. So I think really the thesis remains being broad-based growth.
Bernie Blegen: Well, once again, I’d like to thank you all for joining us in this conference call, and look forward to talking to you again about our first quarter, which we’ll likely hold in April. So thanks again, and have a nice day.
