Michael Hsing: Hi, Tore. Yes, I think, It is on the charger side. And we do these fast chargings, and we picked up some revenues in the last few years in those cellphone companies. And they thought that they can have a more adoption in the market. So they have some inventories, but it's an unusual way of charging of phones and that came in still not very popular.
Michael Hsing: All right. Let me answer the first part first. It is -- the expansion is still on track, okay. And the fab issues, we don't have -- we have less fab issues. And we came -- we are on the way to expand our capacity in sometimes in the middle or -- middle of the next year to over $2 billion -- supporting $2 billion of sales. But at the same times, we do have to buy more equipment for testing, for qualifications and also, we need to hire more people. And as you know, to qualify each part it takes time. And the revenues there, opportunities there, it's just a matter of time. And so the second part is buying more equipment. On the other hand, as an investor, our shareholders, investors are very critical about our -- criticized in the past our spending, okay? I mean, we are out of -- we are slightly out of our model now, okay, and I -- we spend money on -- what I mean, a lot more careful, okay? But the opportunity is there, but we do more sensibly.
Michael Hsing: Okay. For the notebook side, obviously, we gained some market shares in the high-end notebook in this -- after the pandemic, okay, or it was still the tail end of the pandemic. And we increased quite a bit of our market share. And -- but the story there is not -- it's not just we're gaining, that's all we can get. We -- as we increased our new generation with our technologies that's in place, and we will further reduce the cost, and we will address the high-end of our consumer side. And allow me if I address the -- answered your questions, Matthew. And on the server side, we are still a very, very small players. There's a lot more room for MPS to gain.
Michael Hsing: Let me go back to the notebook side that I can -- I think that part of the question, I didn't answer. And again, we're still facing shortages and still a lot of demand in the notebook side. And we don't see the -- we see revenues from -- in the middle of the next year even.
Michael Hsing: Okay. The second part is how it affected our gross margins on the current supply shortages. I think, as I said, all these new -- well, let me say this, yes, we do see the cost increase in, fortunately, in all the product that we released have gained market shares as all these greenfield products. We started to gain momentum a couple of years ago. And these all have higher margins. And our customers give us a very long-term forecast commitment, and we honor those. We can absorb some in -- some of the cost and -- because the way these products have a much higher margins. And -- so during this time, we value the customer relationship and we don't gouge price.
Michael Hsing: Well, Ross, you know then that we're transitioning from a these Wi-Fi routers and those to more in real infrastructures like I mean in data centers or these communication between the data centers and the switchers and even towers. So the last years, our customers are pulling a lot of revenues. And this time, then we see all the other things are going like 5Gs and including the commercial Wi-Fi systems and then and – where we play a critical role on these in these areas. And we see the expansions, and we will see a further – continue to expand in the next few quarters.
Michael Hsing: Well, Ross, you see the – this market is an exceptionally strong market, I mean. And like I mean, a lot of demand is everywhere, so like I mean, also are constrained by the supply. And we do have a delinquencies. And I mean, but that's we're facing delinquency for many quarters, like I mean – and for – I think we still have the – my opinion is that we still have some kind of seasonality in fourth quarters because all these holidays, all these and it will kind of affect us. And so we see the – as I said earlier, we see the demand is still very strong. So like I mean we're just cautious, and we are on our guidance.
Michael Hsing: Yes, let me clarify the shortages, okay. All these – what I mean with shortage is that we have a few thousand products and always have some mixed issues. And as we don't have a serious – we don't have fab capacity issues. And – but all these are mixed in the – for particular product that we may have – we have a few products that have a – are facing shortages now. So – and as we transfer to a different fab, it just takes time to qualify this.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We are designing all -- in all Tier 1s now. And we are so small still like I mean in these big growing market segments. As you know, we don't have anything in 4G, and we expect that we'll be a significant players in there.
Michael Hsing: Yes. There's not so much that affected it. Maybe some products, not I mean -- because we control a lot of our -- the new product, we control our own package technologies. And so we always qualify in a different locations. And so we came in that -- the Southeast Asia problems, okay, we can go through it. We didn't have that much of issues.
Michael Hsing: Yes, to answer your question, as today, absolutely. And we have a lot more we can chew off now. And as the shortages go on or the new product adoptions in all the greenfield products that we ramp up much, much faster than we expected, and we have a normal out-of-forecast orders and we cannot fulfill. And these ones, our customers understand that. I mean -- and so we -- so now, as of today, we have a blue skies. And -- but doesn't mean -- we're not regulators, so I can't forecast it.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we have. And it's -- if we have a local product, we might as well make them and go design, I mean, everywhere.
Michael Hsing: Yes. As I said earlier, as our technologies bring online in -- become more mature, so that can mean why not just attacking all these other markets that we're not in.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. The answer is okay. I wish that they come down a little bit, then I mean -- and that they're exactly the same as the last quarter and the quarter before. And -- yes, okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I -- our homegrown modules, okay, well, all this strategy, there's MPS involved. There are a lot of technicals in the gate in terms of delivering the end product. Okay, it feels -- there's no end project, it's a mid product, as I feel it well. So our strategies are move up to a food games. And since we put -- we have the knowledge and why win are not captured all the values. And for currently -- current, our module growth, okay, I mean it's much faster than other semiconductors side or selling the chips. But the volume overall is still very small, so like I mean, compare the entire revenues. We tried it different ways in like a launch our websites and like a NPS analyses. And then, they're also using e-commerce, okay? These are doing well. And -- but -- now I'm thinking about it, why we're just applying companies, like I mean, -- and we know that, we need to gain knowledge, gain sales channels, like I mean -- and have those company adopting an MPS technology, we can provide them with better tools, again. And I think the first field attempt in -- are very, very, very encouraging. So like I mean, obviously, I can't talk the detail now. So again, -- and I think that's our strategy.
Michael Hsing: Yeah. I just don't like it. We have so much knowledge to put an end to it. And in the end, we sell a piece of silicon averaging well below $1, okay? We should sell our solutions at much more than $1, so like a $5, $6, $10, those type of things. And those customers will really appreciate it. They don't have to design from scratch.
Michael Hsing: Well, it's a very -- at this time, we see everything is very rosy now. And we -- but on the other hand, in -- we are so small. There's no reason, we would not grow, even the downturns. And as we have looked at the addressable market is that this is like over $6 billion, okay? I mean that's conservatively numbers. That's a conservative numbers. And as we introduce more products in especially in ADAS and the EV proportion size. And, okay, we are developing products. I mean, all of these, and again, we can address the future growth really well. So like I mean, there is 2022 -- and okay, there's no reason not if it's a -- I would not say there's a lack of tool like last year, so like also in the auto industry just stopped like I mean, it was a in the normal times. And there's no reason for us not to grow.
Michael Hsing: Well, Q3 -- in Q3 in consumer side, it shouldn't be the highest to us. And I think at our customer side, they have too much inventory in the -- for the cell phones in like I mean that affects us. And then in the cellphones especially that's in China, like I mean when they – when the US had an embargo on one of our companies, but the other ones, they thought they can gain the market share. Like I mean, actually, they didn't. And so they're stuck with the inventory.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, we didn't have much of an exposure in the handsets, and that wasn't my favorite either anyway. So we've got the least products, however in the last years and okay, why not, okay? But now it's okay. We thought it would be a good.
Michael Hsing: We are too small, but these – we're a very small player, much smaller players compare with the Texas Instruments or the other guys. We don't have a luxury of picking market segments. We're only focusing on long terms. Focus or not focus. We don't do short-term business anyway.
Michael Hsing: I think the end of the next year would be a good number. Yeah. That's what we – that's a – if the market goes – continue to go this strong, so like I mean hopefully, some we can catch up at the end of the next year.
Michael Hsing: Again, you said I talked about last quarter, pull-in or push-out. And like I mean, as I said earlier, we have a – we still have a delinquent season, like I mean – and we're having more delinquency than a customer push-out let's say it that way.
Michael Hsing: That's very true. And when they've tasted a simple, easy solution, it's difficult. And for these high end -- a little bit of high end in the market, that's what we focus on. The customer pay for it, and they deviated from the way they -- their behavior, how they design product. And I think that's a huge benefit to us. And our other customers, the more in the low-end consumer business, we don't care.
Michael Hsing: Yes, yes. We are keep eating the crumbs, okay. We eat a lot of crumbs like a whales. Well, not whales. We -- we're small fish trying to eat a lot of crumbs. And now the fish is like, we grow ourselves a little bit, we can eat the real meals, like I mean we -- as you we keep saying, okay, we have the reference design in Intels, and then the real OEMs pick up a onesie and a twosie for these projects and but these are the real beast, like I mean, end up a little bit small. So I think in the next years, we will grow much bigger in so called VR14s and VR13.5. We benefit a lot in -- and other than the point of loans and the E-Fuse and that kind of growth came in, now we really have a core power, have a meaningful revenue coming next years. And now talking about VR14 yet again. And the other thing that worth to mention about and there's about a 48-volt process, as we said earlier. And like I mean by these years, and we forecast about this year and the next year, the cross point had to happen. And like I mean we're waiting -- we were waiting about three, four years ago. And we said that until we end up -- when the powers keep increasing and the heat generation, heat dissipations, they cannot handle anymore, they have to use the 48-volt solutions, and this has happened. And start from AR and next year, we see many data centers adopting 48-volt solutions. And well, we have a benefit of a large lake.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Thanks for clarifying that. And as my follow-up, you have a luxury problem now. You have about $0.75 billion in cash on your balance sheet. I know you're out there trying to secure more capacity. So first of all, could you update us on where you are on securing capacity, especially for the next few years? And related to that, will you start to use some of that cash more aggressively to potentially buying more equipment as you continue to obviously show very strong growth? Thank you.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I just had a few follow-ups. First of all, Bernie, the gross margin guidance for Q4, that does not include any more litigation impact, right? That's...
Tore Svanberg: Okay. Great. So the other question is, a lot of your competitors are discrete companies, and they're probably allocating their products all over the place right now, which I assume means you're gaining share. Can you just talk a little bit to the stickiness of that? I mean I assume once they go with an integrated solution there, they're not going to go back
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And I think if I can just add to Michael's comment there is that as far as the model that we've always pursued, it was to have our fab partners and our assembly house partners absorb much of the capital required in order to build up capacity, and that remains our being as a fabless company. So nothing has changed in our model. We're just adapting it to this rate of growth that we're enjoying right now.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. And I don't think that we've ever specifically broken out what percent of the group's revenue is tied to any one of the categories that we track. But I think we have been clear that in each of the last two years, that the growth in notebooks has outpaced the rest of the sectors, including server and storage. Now having said that, one of the things that we're benefiting from is that diversification of how we're positioned in this group. As Michael indicated, we are a relatively small player when it comes to core power management for servers and we believe that with both the next generation of Intel and AMD processor releases, that we stand to benefit from market share gains. And in the more near-term element, as we called out in Q3, we're actually seeing a nice increase in storage sales, which is usually a precursor to ongoing infrastructure spending within the data centers. So I think that we're having a great difficulty, as anybody, in understanding when work from home or work from work, as it relates to notebooks, begins or ends. But I think that we're well positioned because of our diversification to enjoy continued growth in this category for a number of years.
Bernie Blegen: I'll take the first half of that question real quickly. And then Michael will give comments on the second. As far as how we try to manage GAAP and non-GAAP reporting, is really to be a reflection of what is cash. And in this case, we highlighted that there was a settlement, and that was a cash payment that we received. And so that's the thinking behind not adjusting it as a non-GAAP item. Conversely so, if we have something that works to our detriment and it also has cash implications, we wouldn't non-GAAP that out either. So the two areas that we stay pretty closely to, or three, I should say, are only stock comp, gain and loss from a deferred comp plan and if we have any intangible acquisition amortization.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think we remain very optimistic about our long-term positioning within the communication sector and in particular, infrastructure as it relates to 5G. But I think that right now, we have not hit a constant investment cadence on the part of the carriers in either Europe or North America. So we think that as that starts to gain momentum and gets more predictable, we're very well positioned to participate in that.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. So, when you look at Q4, I think that the two primary drivers are going to be computing and continuation of automotive. And then you would normally expect and we expect to see a slight downturn in consumer. So, I think many of the trend lines that we're familiar with are continuing and ongoing, but the amplitude might be a little up or down from what the traditional seasonality has been.
Bernie Blegen: Just to add, it's a balancing act, as you can appreciate, because for some of the more mature products that we have, they already have developed markets and a fairly predictable growth in the current market. But what we're trying to do is make sure that these new product introductions can be successful, because that is going to be the future growth opportunity for the company. So, we're trying to satisfy sort of the run rate business in this heightened demand, a period of heightened demand, and at the same time, have very successful new product launches with new customers.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Chromebooks are unique, because while they're considered a -- we tend to go after high-value notebooks, and Chromebooks are known to be lower priced. But they depend on the access to the cloud and good processing power. So the power management, our power management solution is very key. It's a high value for the Chromebooks.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can just remind you, Will that we talked about this -- touched on it last quarter. And we indicated that what we're trying to do is source different technologies through either IP acquisitions or talent acquisitions that are complementary to our business. And that will accelerate our ability to be a solutions provider for our customers in the next seven, eight years.
Bernie Blegen: And I think to just follow on to the previous question. When we look at automotive, we actually have system-level design wins in ADAS, regenerative braking systems and in external lighting. And all of these solutions have much higher dollar content for us, $60 to $100 per vehicle. So I think this is a very exciting example of how the solution strategy could play out in different end markets for us as well.
Bernie Blegen: The technology has actually been very well positively received. It's just the imbalance as far as the demand that was expected has trailed those expectations. And so we believe that they have excess inventory and so we're seeing a slowdown for that particular individual category.
Bernie Blegen: Yeah. To answer your question really succinctly, we haven't seen any change in ordering patterns or our delivery schedule and really don't have an opinion on what the broader market or other market participants are experiencing.
Bernie Blegen: I think the important thing is that, even with the demands that are placed upon us and Michael is correct that we saw no change in Q3 from what we experienced in Q1 or Q2. We were able to increase inventory in a meaningful way this quarter. So again, I refer back to an earlier answer. We said the balancing act that we're trying to do between satisfy more run rate business at the same time as we're meeting demand for our new products as well as building inventory that gives us more flexibility.
Bernie Blegen: I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call, and we look forward to talking to you again during the fourth quarter conference call, which will likely be in early February. With that, thank you, and have a nice day.
