Michael Hsing: At this time, Quinn, as Bernie said earlier, these markets are very much oscillating and that came in the net, you see it. We done from this quarter. So from last year, year-to-year, we're still down. But AI, as these are power modules and as we're ramping up as a result of -- can maintain growth over in these years and still a slight growth from the last years. That's mainly due to AI. And also in the prior quarters in the autos that we see as a very lumpy business, as lumpy for ADAS ramping up. But all of these, we believe that will happen in ramping up in the next year, not only from ADAS. And also, as you mentioned about on the general CPU and in the server side. And I might as well as mention all the other ones. We still have a lot of greenfield products that haven't really ramped up yet. And many, many projects gets delayed in this year pushing to next year. And we don't want to give a very clear forecast that we still don't know yet. But sometime in the next years, we believe that they will start ramping up and all these greenfield products. So that's kind of my summary for the near-term business.
Michael Hsing: Yes, which segments. We look at it kind of a rough surveys. Like it's actually across the entire product segment, including consumers. Some of the products, they need and pull-it in very quick. As Bernie said, the lead time is very, very short. And we don't have those products, it's pretty much across the board. And other than AI, we really planned ahead, and we really plan ahead from the beginning of the year. And we can anticipate all the ramp-up even for the next few quarters.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Q4 is still down quite a bit from Q3 and pretty much everything except maybe not auto. I mean all the public sideways are maybe is slightly up and also that AI power still continuously ramp up.
Michael Hsing: I can tell you, overall, how the MPS strategies. Like the MPS strategy always get the best -- which provides the best performance. When the volume gets higher and requirement is lower, we don't chase those low-end segment. I see MPS is still in the forefront in terms of best efficiencies and the lowest generate heat in smallest areas. We are still the leading -- would be next year and the year after, all these products are eyeing in development with our customers and with the leading-edge -- leading providers in AI GPUs specifically. And that's a huge market, and we don't want to take all of them. And to your other part of the question is the general market. In general market, in other segments, we view CPUs. And you'll remember in the VR13, we didn't have a lot of design wins. But we put up a lot of inventories in the VR13.5, it became a serendipity. And again, we have a few project design win and other supply -- but we ship a lot. So that's where you see the server data center growth. That's because of that. And for next years, we were told to get ready to have those projects ramping up in a rapid supply, let's call it. And so when these markets are already ramping up, MPS are there.
Michael Hsing: Oh, yes. That's what I forgot, while I tried to make a point. And MPS doesn't want to be known as AI power company. We want to focus on the diversified growth. And we do have a lot of greenfield products still haven't realized yet. These are across the segment. And also in the consumer side, in the last years, okay, because last couple of years because the shortages we kind of neglect it. And that will -- in the last half years, we developed a low-cost product and we introduced the market where you'll see the growth. That's only on the -- because of very short design cycle, you will see revenue from next year. And all the other product like industrials, automotive, in tracking inverters, in chargers and also ADAS, these were ramping up. And so we want to achieve very diversified growth, not only on the AI side.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Well, the numbers kind of reflected seasonal, but the reality is it just happened that way, we can't call it seasonal. This is a fast-changing market, I mean, it's very difficult for us to forecast. That's difficult. Unfortunately, we have a lot of capacities. But these capacity were still the lead time still shorter than our production cycle and we have to get ready just that.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Also, I forgot to mention about it. And we talked about beginning of the year, we'll be aggressive on price and especially within the course of board. And then we have a new product in the consumer segment come out -- already came out. And also in a notebook area, we pretty much have a large market share in the commercial side. In the beginning of the year, we were very starting -- become very aggressive on the price. And now, fourth quarter, you see it in our notebook side start to gain more shares in the consumer side.
Michael Hsing: Yes. You said product mix, right? But also, there's other capacities, and capacity utilizations in [indiscernible] and also add a lot of capacity cost for us. So it's a mix of all of them, not only the product mix.
Michael Hsing: Let me answer your first for silicon cover. Thanks for reminding me this. I almost forgot. Yes, we released the product. And first revenue, we'll see sometime in the next years, would be in the solar inverters. And the green energies had a lot of demand, we have got products we designed for those -- that market segment and will start to ramp and also in automotive. And these are not specifically for tracking inverter for these drivers. We do power management. And we will see those products designed and ramping up much later. I mean these are clearly in the dip -- there's a void in the market. No other company produces that kind of a product, and it became very unique. And so I have a very good confidence in the second half of next year, the year after. We will see a lot of new revenue coming from that segment. And what's the second questions, second part of the --
Michael Hsing: Oh, the hyperscaler. Hyperscaler is now -- you guys know better than we do. We just only provide the power. So I can mean that, for the CPU side, GPU side, as we said earlier, VR14, we expect to have bigger shares. And if you refer to silicon carbide in that we will develop those products. Those are power supplies. And again, these are plug-and-play power supply, and these are large modules. And that will ramp up -- I don't have a time frame. Probably is towards the very end of the next year, the 2025.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I still see some and I didn't look at the number in details. We expand a lot of capacities. And these are strategically not mistake. And we do see a lot of growth in the next couple of years. And so I believe this capacity, the utilization had taken into effect on the gross margins. I don't know how many -- what's the percentage? I don't know. Maybe Bernie can answer you later.
Michael Hsing: Well, thanks for reminding me the motion. I forgot about that. Okay, yes, we do have a lot of design win in the motion side, too. And we look at it. And the beauty is, I can't call it specifically, really across the board. And that means we have our biggest customers, like 4%, 5%, maybe slightly higher out of these years. And all the other customers, there are a few thousand customers and a few thousand products around, I don't know how many market segments. And they are very healthy in terms of design win activities. And so all of them will turn into revenues. And I can give you some bigger segments, and not many people talking about it. And is not, what is it, a USB-C, USB-PD. And I believe that this will be a huge revenue and growth. And MPS has a lot more content versus a USB-PD versus the USB --
Michael Hsing: Yes, earlier versions like type B, okay, now it's Type C. And some of them in auto will be cannibalized for USB type B product. And but C is a much higher content, and that's in auto. And in the consumer side, it's totally new. And USB B type is a very low -- is like a consumer side. And now they're converting to USB-C, and that will be a lot broader applications. And it's based on -- because all unified approach, and especially European countries and drive that standards and I think to migrate to everywhere. They have a clear mandate went to switch it. And I believe even Apple on, for the next version of a phone will be USB-C. And we see MPS has a lot of opportunities, a lot of growth. So other than that, battery management and that will ramp in 2014. And again in a lot of different applications from --
Michael Hsing: 2024. And these are from power tool to garden tools and from all kind of other things. I mean those are already designed in products, okay, we're ramping in the next 12 to 24 months or less than 6 to 24 months, I guess, yes.
Michael Hsing: We reduced the overall inventories that came in starting at the beginning of the year. That's probably reflects that. And yes, and it doesn't mean we will keep that low. We will boost that up more.
Michael Hsing: Yes. These type of products is not like a consumers. Like a 0.5 year and you can design you out. And it took us a year -- it took us years and it took us at least 12 months to work with our customers, the major suppliers, and to put in the system and make a production worthy and working. And that's a long effort. And frankly, I don't really care, okay? As long as you win those socket or you win those projects. I mean the revenue will come. And so when is the next 3 months or next 9 months? I don't really know. I mean we thought from the last year, again, we saw the last year, middle of this year, we'll start to ramp up. It didn't. But I think it's next year, sometimes that we'll see more and more ADAS and also the new type of tracking inverters. And so that's pretty much just as everybody else expected. All these products are ramping up, okay, we'll go with it.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. That's a good point. That ADAS, they start to ramp. We were told at the beginning of the year and at the end of the year and now we were told next years. But all of these are new for us. And in the digital cockpit and also ADAS. So now they tell us early next year. And I don't know I can believe or not. I mean --
Michael Hsing: The strategy is correct. And as in the last quarter, I said like has dropped to unhealthy positions, way too low. And there's a lot of money to be made. And margin may be lower but it helped the EPS a lot. So the second question is whether we have enough product? We did a lot of them, and that came in last 0.5 years. And other ones will release in next couple of quarters and our next quarter also, and those will turn into revenues in the 0.5 year to 9 months' time.
Michael Hsing: No, these are decorate lighting. We don't have a lot of consumer business anymore. But these are small numbers, okay? I mean I don't know that specifically, but I do know we don't have a lot of consumers because these are really, really low price. These are industrial lightings and decorative lighting.
Michael Hsing: I don't know it specifically, but that's the market where we're in. We will position ourself. We're not specifically in the consumer and in high volumes.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Quinn. I think what we're experiencing here is a unique business cycle and that right now, our end customers are unwilling to commit beyond a fairly lower window of expecting lead times within under 10 weeks for delivery. So that makes, as we said earlier in the comments, the predictability really hard to call right now. But I think, as Michael just said, that when we look at our design win pipeline, it's strong. And we're confident that we're in a good position to capture share and growth as the market recovers. But right now, we're still in a level of unpredictability.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that when you look at the broader market, we're experiencing a lot of the weakness in demand that many of our peer companies are. And what makes us differentiated is the AI boost we're experiencing.
Bernie Blegen: I think, Tore, you hit on a couple of very good points that as far as the AI GPU opportunity, we're very well positioned both for the near term, in 2024, but more importantly, longer term. And as Michael just emphasized, there is a differentiated market there and we want to stay at the high end of that market. So we've always been aware that there would be competitors entering this space and that's how we're differentiating ourself. And then as far as the CPU and GPU markets what we're preparing to do is to manage the uptick in demand that we're anticipating by building that inventory during the next couple of quarters.
Bernie Blegen: Ross, you bring up a really good point is that if we look at the outlook for Q4, a portion of that is how competitive we were at going after the notebook market. And so the Q4, we're experiencing a little bit of a decline as those are seasonal sales. When we look at Q1, Michael said it best, there isn't a lot of visibility. But as we look at this cycle, we believe that next year is really back half-weighted. And so I would probably indicate that we'll have a more conservative profile as we look at the first half of 2024.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Michael is exactly right, is that we have been aggressive on pricing across the board. And while that isn't called out specifically as a contributing factor to the lower gross margin, it is reflected in the overall mix, notwithstanding the impact of the GPU and AI business.
Bernie Blegen: I believe that as the market begins to stabilize, that will return to a more normal profile as far as pricing. Again, a very specific point to make here is that most of our customers are attracted and we secured design wins because of our innovation as opposed to pricing alone. So I believe that as the market stabilizes sometime in 2024 that we'll probably return to a more normal pricing environment as well.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I would not be too quick to jump to the high 50s in the near term here. I think that what we've said previously is that we expect for the next few quarters to stay within our model, targeting about 56% plus or minus 50 basis points. And then, as we look at the second half of next year, as things stabilize and we get a better mix that we should see return to have an incremental improvement.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. On the capacity, and I'll take this topic on because it's an important one as we look ahead, is we talked about a year ago as far as developing new relationships with fab partners, particularly in Taiwan and Singapore as we not only expand capacity in advance of a future upswing in demand but also to diversify by geography. And so those investments are adding to our overall cost profile more in the R&D side than in gross margin specifically today, but that capacity will become available here just as we see the second half of next year starting to --
Bernie Blegen: And in addition, just to repeat sort of the opportunities that we talked about in both green energy, clean energy and as well as in DDR5. So there's a large number of products that are expected to ramp here very quickly for us.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. What we've done is, we've said that we have a range of inventory that we want to operate within between 180 to 200 days. And what you've seen is that we did reduce wafer starts about 9 months or 3 quarters ago, and that's now being reflected in our balance sheet today. But as we anticipate the demand for all of the opportunities that we see possible for 2024, we are beginning to ramp inventory. And as Michael said, we have the capacity available to take advantage of that.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can just add to that, that a lot of the customers that are picking up on design wins are skewed more heavily to EVs that are inviting new technology platforms. And that market has slowed in unit volumes observed. But the exciting part of this story is that we see that new platform launches for those customers are in position to ramp in the first half of next year. And we're seeing a proliferation of a broadening of those technologies going into more traditional internal combustion, or IC brands. So I think that the automotive market, while it's difficult to time that our positioning is very secure.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. So I'd like to comment on that very quickly is that when we looked at doing the buyback, we were demonstrating confidence in our free cash flow over the next 3-year window. And the goal here is to offset dilution that will naturally occur during that period of time. So we're going to apply a go-to-market strategy that is both opportunistic but also programmatic. So we don't have a timetable necessarily for how to implement it during that period, but it will reflect both existing market conditions as well as a systematic program.
Bernie Blegen: Just closing here, I'd like to thank you all for joining us this webinar and I look forward to talking to you again during the fourth quarter, which will likely be at the end of January. Thank you. Have a nice day.
Tore Svanberg: Very good. And as my follow-up and maybe related to the previous question on enterprise data and AI, just wondering if you have any visibility on the sustainable growth here. There's obviously one big partner that's ramping right now, but it looks like there's some other processor companies that are going to be catching up next year. So if you could give us any color on, especially enterprise data segment for 2024, that would be really helpful.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I just had two quick follow-ups. First of all, on the buyback, I mean, this is from a size perspective something that's quite large. And we don't have much history with the company in regards to a size like that. So how should we think about, I guess, philosophy with the buyback? You mentioned to offset dilution, but are you going to be opportunistic? Or are you like some other companies where you buy the stock regardless of the price? Just trying to understand some of the dynamics there.
Tore Svanberg: No, no, no. So you have the lighting control business. I mean you showed this in your filings. It was up about 20% sequentially. And I was just wondering if that was because of notebook or anything else.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. You have a lighting control versus DC to DC, right? So lighting control, it increased by $4.5 million sequentially. It was [1] [ph]. It's a $100 million annual business. I mean it's not trivial, but obviously, small in the bigger scheme of things.
