Meera Rao: The quarter-over-quarter increase that you find in Q4 was in our traditional gateway business. If you remember back in Q3 had been a little choppy and lower than expected. So you are correct. It is a seasonally higher -- looking into Q1 I do expect this seasonal weakness in traditional gateway business. Our networking and telecommunication business has been steady through the fourth quarter and we expect the same in the first quarter.
Meera Rao: Yes because we have less exposure, the client SED business and our SSD business will continue to grow over the year.
Meera Rao: We expect all four segments to grow and I have never been a fan for ranking them. We expect particularly in a newer products in each of these markets we expect to see very good growth next year.
Meera Rao: It’s a quarter where we came in with very good bookings, a backlog rather and we have continued to see good bookings. We feel comfortable about the guidance that given and very confident right now.
Meera Rao: Just to add to that very quickly, for this year’s revenue all the design wins have already been done back in 2014 and so we seem that play through, I think as next year comes out the things get more interesting because that's where the consolidation in the marketplace plus it will be, our second round in this market all those things would play to our benefit.
Meera Rao: As we have been saying in the past, we expect to grow to our gross margin steadily and consistently. As you know as we get more of the higher margin revenue, we have opportunity to take some of the lower margin revenue so that we can accelerate top line and bottom line growth and we expect particularly the same so I can say all the time our revenue grows I would expect to see a slow and steady increase in gross margin.
Meera Rao: As you know one of the key strategy is to grow through a diversification, so we expect the growth to come in from multiple market. For example if you take communication from the growth is coming from a newer networking and telecom market, we could also opportunistically say more in the traditional gateway business. When you look at computing growth opportunity comes both from the SSV storage as well as cloud computing and as we look at consumer particularly on newer higher value market opportunities markets like battery management, LED lighting, home appliances, gaming all these will be growth areas. Not to forget industrial where we have had multiple markets that are growing in industrial as well as automotive and in addition to all this we have module which is the contributing revenue this year. So all these together will be contributing growth for us this year and more so next year and we feel very confident about that we are going to have strong growth but since we don’t focus more than a quarter, I don’t feel comfortable to saying our growth could be X or Y% but you are right a long term growth model is to grow top line at 20% to 25%.
Meera Rao: Our Q4 OpEx was at same level as Q3, although little higher than guidance and probably reason is that we had the higher—new product development cost up that we saw in Q4. So going forward into 2015 other than the pay raises which we talk about in the last calls, we do expect as revenue grows we will continue to increase our investment because that helps us grow even faster in outer years. So we will do some investment in both R&D side as well as in sales and marketing but it will be in line with revenue growth meaning that the revenue growth is going to be higher.
Meera Rao: Sure, inventory in the channel, when they came into the fourth quarter, it was already lower than the level we had been operating in for the last two years, and given the concerns that we had heard across the industry or perhaps some softness in Q4 we continued to manage the inventory in the channel fairly lean into the fourth, and as a result we came in even lower than the prior quarter. And our expectations as we -- as the business improves over the next few quarters we will take inventory in the channel back up to the levels that we typically operate at.
Meera Rao: And I think the current revenue, the revenue that we have -- we have a very little revenue currently, but the design wins are shaping up nicely and that way we expect a lot more revenue in future years.
Meera Rao: We haven’t looked at it with a discount to our design win. Typically once we have the design wins we do see revenue come in, a lot of, how much revenue comes in depends upon how our end customers succeed in the marketplace and also depends upon the macro. But we have been, I would say overall very happy with the conversion of the design wins to revenue. 
Meera Rao: On the Grantley cycle, this is one where most of the design win had been completed in 2013 and 2014. We started seeing our first revenue in Q3 and we ramped in Q4 and we expect to see this ramping up -- continue to ramp this year. Most of the design wins on the Grantley service side are in the point of load. We do have a few recor design wins at some of the emerging silver makers in Asia and – 
Meera Rao: And then the second tier in the U.S. and so this is the first cycle for us, maybe prove our as product, we do happened to have a product, but we have to prove ourselves as a supplier and that our products are reliable. And we are very excited about all the design activity that is taking place for the next cycle that we sealed a better position as a result of having played in the Grantley cycle.
Meera Rao: SSD drive revenue in storage is more than half of that, I think it’s close to 50%, and so most of our design wins are either on the enterprise side are on the high-end client-side and so our design wins are playing out. We also have a second SSD teammate that we have introduced. This one is targeting PCIE and SaaS and we expect to see revenue on that in the second half of this year as well. And so all these things together will be driving our growth.
Meera Rao: We have already said in the past, for the last two or three years, is that industrial is always the slowest to grow and we expect steady growth and we recognize that they are actually done a lot better than that and I expect 2015 results are going to be better than the slow and steady nature of growth that we typically associate with industrial. But in terms of an actual growth of percentage we don’t get that kind of guidance. I would say at this point automotive is one of the four big drivers in this and I expect as this year goes through it will be one of the fastest growing drivers within the industrial and automotive segment.
Meera Rao: Those relationships are largely for industrial and automotive revenue, and so the design wins that they are generating would be revenue out later in time just because of the time it takes to convert the design wins in industrial and automotive. So they have been very helpful but that’s going to be future years’ growth.
Meera Rao: We have our design wins currently for the first four or five modules that we introduced. We already have design wins that is in practically every market that we play in. But as we have said before, just looking at the time to convert from design wins to revenue, consumers always adopt it, but the revenue we expect to see this year would mostly be consumer. We will be very happy if some of the others converted also this year. So we expected revenue from modules, or am willing to say is --
Meera Rao: Yes, we expect the margins on all the modules to be good, even in the consumer market it will be above consumer margins. 
Meera Rao: We expect to have a healthy growth in consumer and not just because of the modules, but also because some of these newer high value opportunities that we’ve found like battery management, LED lighting – 
Meera Rao: I would say it’s in our traditional consumer may be even in our traditional Gateway business those are the kinds of markets that we play in opportunistically. But the net idea is that at the end of the day when our revenue grows we still expect to show an expansion net-net in our gross margin. 
Meera Rao: For us, you know as we see opportunities we keep playing -- how much we pick up is all driven by how our revenues and margins are playing out. It is an opportunistic play for us. 
Meera Rao: Sure, we have smart meters. We have security and surveillance and then we also have power adapters. 
Meera Rao: Thank you for joining us for this conference call, and we look forward to talking to you again in April for our next conference call. Thank you. Have a nice day. 
Michael Hsing: And also the computing business and lot of our designing win will comes in as a revenue in the second half of the year.
Michael Hsing: I can’t particular with what the percentage is although it really depend on the micro economic but I can tell you that whatever we – in the past three or four years, we did obviously with the [indiscernible] all the result which is coming from what we did in the three to four years ago, in our next year result, as we – what we have planned to see in the about one to three years ago and every things are the indications of we are on the right track and from a cloud computing mainly the servers communicating sites and also industrial and automotive and all of these segments, we are doing really well.
Michael Hsing: Obviously, this is another MPS as a player and we have a much better chance now but server market is a very conservative and a [indiscernible] successful now and also the [indiscernible] and we start shipping now.
Michael Hsing: All of the Meera mentioned, they are all, they are going really well in 2014 and Meera missed another big component of it, the sector DC and that contributes a tremendous revenue and we will continue to focus and it may contribute to grow.
Michael Hsing: Yes, being with the group and visiting our customers a couple of times, the results are great and some of the opportunity we got with some revenue, and other ones will take a little longer time. In a couple of years our shareholders will think that MPS [inaudible]
Michael Hsing: Since technology and it will revolutionize the motion control. Many other competitors, didn’t realize.
Michael Hsing: Let me answer that. The industry automotive as you know had a long designing cycle. These are revenues that happened three or four years ago, and we will start to focus on it. And for next year our sphere continues to grow, and in terms of quantifying the numbers, we don’t disclose that. I will let Meera to mention about that. The train is we will focused on this three or four years ago and we continue to focus on and the numbers will grow.
Michael Hsing: [inaudible] because the number is small. In 2003 we introduced our five or six modules. In 2014 we introduced three times amount, like a 15, 16 and for those products generate revenue in by 18-36 months. 
Michael Hsing: These are wearable goods and that’s sports cameras, these are all very high -- customers will appreciate our technology and they will pay for those type of products. I think that internet of things, is emerging and it has a lot more demand for those type of products. 
Steve Smigie: Okay great and specific to the server market, we saw obviously convenient and -- rectifier merge and then obviously maximum another competitor in the space, it seems like it’s opening up a lot for you guys because [indiscernible] can you talk about the opportunity in the server market in the 2015 may be even in 2016 as you may be there some designs opportunities to ramp in 2016.
Steve Smigie: Meera, I just wanted a follow-up on the modules, as you said you talked about it is doing fairly well in consumer. I’m just curious what are the margins like on these consumers; in the one hand I feel like the modules are very differentiated products, so we expect something better but at the end of the day, it’s still the consumer market. So I was hoping to get some color on that. 
Steve Smigie: Right. On that Gateway stuff, obviously you have some exciting new stuff ramping in coms but I think a decent chunk of coms is still the Gateway business? How are you trying to manage that Gateway revenue to use – do you keep trying to grow that as well or is it more this kind of a cash-cow business. 
Steve Smigie: And you talked about in industrial [inaudible] it’s just you have the new autos, one of the major drivers -- can you just give it up to any other three major drivers in there.
