Michael Hsing: All right, okay. Yes, as I stated earlier, Tore, if you remember MPS' history, because you do cover those things since day one of MPS become a public company. And somehow, we tend to do that. And in the downturn, we tend to do well and relatively in the normal times, we are just as good as just everybody else. But the percentage of growth tend to be slightly slower or slightly lower. And how we achieved, I think is that we don't really, our target is many years out. And regardless of the downturns or upturns, we are very consistent. So it's not like other company maybe because they have all the large market share and they tend to react to a shorter term. So if you can think about it and the philosophy and we will tend to well during a downturn.
Michael Hsing: Well, as I said in last quarter, we said e-commerce, like we kind of drop a hook in the Pacific Ocean. There is a lot of fish there. But we didn't hook that. Too many things and all of that. So we are still in the early stage. However, in the last couple of months, we launched ventilators. That attracted so many of new customers or new potential customers and it overwhelmed us. And it's kind of a surprise to us. I think that we are a small company and we are relatively new company and people don't know us. Just we need time and we need to learn how to do it.
Michael Hsing: Well, in the last couple of quarters, we said that our bookings are very good and it is still is. And we have inventory problems, the problem to related to and deliver to our customers up and above. And this issues and this growth of this year, we didn't say is from the last couple quarters. We said it a lot earlier. But our macro market have some uncertainty and we were so criticized we have a way inventory. So last December, we took a step and reduced our inventory. And now, barely we can do beyond our forecast. So the condition is even more murkier now. And we had to just react accordingly.
Michael Hsing: Here is, as added, okay. We try to have a very diverse growth. And my job is, if I do the best job, is for you guys not to know which segment is the growth. And we want to so diversify and you don't know which side, which one and we occupy a very small percentage of each market. And look at the consumer and actually within the consumer, there is a lot of fundamental shift. We shift from traditional TV set-top box and which still have some percentage and within that we have a huge change. We chose to do a much higher high-end of our consumer products and as well the Internet of Things.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And of course, we are concerned. It's like a toilet paper effect, right. Just a few months ago, all the shelf and the toilet papers are gone. I mean and whether we have see the same kind of effect on us, we really don't know. In some of the areas like in PCs and data centers have a surge. But we kind of expected that. And other ones in the consumer area and it's actually slower than our expectations. But we have to be quick on the feet and we have to react quickly. And in the meantime, we ship as much as we can.
Michael Hsing: Yes. So that's our scenario now. And going forward, we are not very clear. And I know that if the new trend is you can work from home and you can work remotely and the cloud computing, the data center, the communication will keep going on. And we are accelerating.
Michael Hsing: Yes. If we see some push outs, it is above and beyond. And if they don't have those push out we are even in deep trouble. And in terms of a customer relationship, not in terms of delivery the numbers. And we are working very hard. We try very hard to bring up another fab and as you know that this is not like an overnight, okay, at least take the half years. And I think that we can meet our demand and qualify some of the high runners.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We haven't really prepared a qualitative numbers to use. And as a business, that type of a business, we have to think about how we how we disclose it very accurately to our investors. And it is clearly that trend and we want to make our solutions like our product, a chip-based solution is really ease-of-use. That is the trick. And to lot of like power supplies, lot of motor controls, okay, motion controls and even for the power supply for the data center, lot of technology are maturing, okay. What is on top of that? It's really a plug-in place solution. And you want to take away all the design effort from our customers. And in terms of, maybe Bernie, our modules are doing really well, right? Our modules and if you are talking about only power modules, so we from two, three years ago, like in single low digit million dollars of sales, we now at least of $35 million, $40 million in last year. And that number is great. This is the fastest the growth in percentage wise in MPS revenue streak.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. That group will be joining and they brought in opportunity. We have six, seven guys joining the company and they brought in opportunities. We have the customers, okay, now. And they engage with the customers for the medical companies for a while. And so actually we don't any significant inputs, not a change. And I think that we work with these kind of things that takes about, this is very unusual, okay. So it takes less than a year, we can some results. Usually our product, even internal developments and the ground-up development, we are taking about two or three years to see anything. And this one is, okay, so far is looking good.
Michael Hsing: I think that we look at our history, okay. And we can tag on what is your macro economy segment growth in a downwards in our segment. And we are confident enough, we can say that we can beat it by 10%.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. That's a good question. And I only can tell you this. We know 4G, we were out the door. We didn't have any chance. And this the first time we engage with a variety of customers and the ODMs and OEMs and event their suppliers. And so we engage both side, okay. And the real telecom companies and also their supply. And all we see of the opportunity is that we have never seen it before. How big the market is, okay? And we cannot quantify and I am not trying to tell we are in the dark here. We are new. We are a newcomer. And all I know, the opportunity is huge and we don't even try to quantify what's the opportunity. And we all notice as long it is very big.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I can tell you why we don't, okay. In a particularly and which segments of the 5G. Our product is in the building box of a 5G. So if you think about it as a brick for the building. And our product there is the standard product in those company and that's going to be use everywhere.
Michael Hsing: Yes. The gross margin obviously wiggles a little bit on the sideways in the second half of last year and we are not happy about it. But we try to be very consistent. And given the macro conditions, it kind of makes sense to us. But the new product, particularly the new product is slower. It's ramped at a pretty good rate. But in some of the higher value product it was slower. So that's why the margins go. But in the long term and the margin will steadily go up.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Okay. Sorry, forgot about it. That was a very good question. And obviously normal activity slow down which doesn't impact us, okay. We are very much used to it in a work form from outside office. And we still very much engage with our customer but in a very different way, okay, very different market segments. Lot of them relates to medical equipment. And we shift our head where MPS in the past was always a pretty fast on the feet. And so we shift all our interests and we support those customers. But it's not like a normal business now.
Michael Hsing: Bernie, it's not like 90%. It more like a 60% some percent, okay. Yes, we do have a testing and a reliability center that's in China, but in terms of the number of people, Asia, across the Asia, including Japan and most of the U.S. and Europe is okay, including Japan, probably as some percent, okay.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We have a pretty good knowledge but I cannot say that, okay. But that business is very cyclical, okay. And that's a very, for MPS is good money. And for stock value, okay, it's very contrary to what we do. It is very cyclical and that it ramp up and it buys once a year and for most of the year, they don't do anything, okay. And we have, after that, we had to fill up the gas. We have done pretty good in the last two or three years. But as the revenue keep growing, that will be a small part of our MPS business.
Michael Hsing: No. I just wanted to clarify, we don't employ any customers in our core. And we disclosed that we have large customers, okay. And by rules, okay. So in the 5G, as I said earlier, we engage not only one, okay and many different kind of different like telephone companies. We are also engaged with many different of their space.
Michael Hsing: I will give you a philosophical joke, okay. Have a joke. We really worry about toilet paper effect. And it's actually, we don't know, then again the demands are very good for the second half of the year. And using, so as we do, okay. And when everything is good, they cancel and over order. And we won't see it, okay. Of course we try very hard, okay, to find what is the real reason, okay. And so far, we have a very good, that's what we try to do, okay. And until our customers start screaming at it. And then we are shipping a product.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I think we are seeing a pattern that's probably consistent with other companies who have exposure to either 5G or data center or to notebooks as there is continuing investment in order to service the work from home aspect of the economy right now. So there has been a lot of activity, particularly in storage, particularly in data center and we are seen a continuing level of investment also in 5G. Again, as with any expectation of what the second half of look like, obviously, this is a challenging environment and we normally only forecast one quarter ahead.
Bernie Blegen: And if I can add to Michael's good point there is that through the challenges that we are facing in the economy right now, as you can see that we continue to operate at nearly 100% capacity both in terms of our supply chain as well as our internal operations. Now, I do not want to minimize those challenges and anyway take away from a lot of very difficult and hard effort on the part of a lot of employees that made that all happen. But so far, we have had minimal disruptions to the supply chain.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. I can take this one quickly on the numbers front is, is responded to the earlier question is that I believe that much of the growth that we expect to enjoy, should come from the computing and storage as well as in 5G. There is a weakening in demand in traditional consumer and also in automotive.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Good question. So are experience has been showing that we are receiving the same level of customer engagement. And that going back to Michael's point about Q2, that the level of order momentum has continued unabated, regardless of the product change, the change in the product cycle. So at this point, we may not have the full benefit of how end demand will be shaped by this change. But I don't see any early indicators that give me pause. And one other thing to make this specific is going back to Michael's point on being diversified. The business model is not dependent on any individual product launch or the timing. So as I said, that's the advantage of our diversified portfolio.
Bernie Blegen: I am sorry. I just had two small thing to add to that is that on the notebooks, seasonally, those are driven where you have a high Q3 and Q4 and then it tails off. But we see nothing in the aside from cyclical changes there. And then obviously, we have a gaming console that will start to ramp here in the end of the Q2.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. We should be able to qualify the high runners before the end of this year and actually be shipping from that fab.
Bernie Blegen: I think I would probably add to that, if I can, that Mike was exactly right, that we haven't really articulated a financial model where we can quantify it in a way that would be meaningful to you. I agree with Michael's assessment of how we are doing with power modules. The thing that I would add though is, whether you are looking at programmability, you are looking at e-commerce solution, you are looking at e.Motion or the power modules integrated solutions that we were just talking about it, it's all about an overarching strategy as far as how to differentiate and leverage all of our multiple technologies and differentiate ourselves in the market.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. We got an education in 2019 when there was a complete falloff in production in China and a soft demand in North America and Europe in particular. So I think if you use that as a guide, you can say that the SAAR was down but we were able to grow at about 13%, 14% last year. So to Michael's point is, you cannot apply whatever you think the market is going to do and we are going to outperform by a minimum of 10 percentage points. And last year, it's closer 20%.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And I think you were asking for guidance on the dollar content for the base station. And Michael was correct that we don't have a number. We are too new.
Bernie Blegen: One thing I can add to that is that interestingly our operations and our customers' operations in China and in Asia came back online about a month ago. And so not going to try to say that our business as usual. But in the area of the world where we have up to 90% of our employees including a large share of our design professional as well as a majority of our end customer engagement, we were actually seeing a good cadence, good momentum. And as Michael said, on the U.S. front where we are still in the shelter in place, both in our Washington and in our San Jose offices, we have developed over the last several years the ability to both do field application engineering and customer engagement via Zoom and we are fairly competent of that.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. As far as any demand disruption occurring, we haven't seen any cancellation of projects or push-outs in orders in a material basis. Obviously, the duration of the macro environment is not understood right now. So we are very sensitive to seeing any early warning signs that we need to react to in this volatile environment. But as at this point in time, we have not seen a step down in demand on a broad base. There are some pockets that we mentioned in an earlier answer.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. And if you look worldwide as far as where a lot of the deployment is, it is in those China and South Korea right now. Europe and North America has been a little slower. So most of our design engagement for now has been in the lab as opposed to actually being commercially rolled out.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. So as opposed to a concern of a rapid fall off, right now we are managing is the toilet paper effect where there is so much in badgering the demand we want to make sure that we are not building inventory on in the channel or in the distributor's warehouses. And the way we do that is we don't ship to the level that they requested. And then if they really do have a stock outage where they are going to lines down, we will hear about it quickly and respond to that. So that's the issue that we are managing now as far as looking beyond that. Maybe we will have better guidance or outlook next quarter.
Bernie Blegen: Right. Thank you very much. I would like to thank you all for joining us in this conference call. I look forward to talking to you again during our second quarter conference call, which will likely be at the end of July. Thank you and have a nice day.
