Meera Rao: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the first quarter 2015 Monolithic Power Systems conference call. Michael Hsing, CEO and founder of MPS, is with me on today’s call. In the course of today’s conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty, which could cause results to differ materially from management’s current views and expectations. Please refer to the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ identified in the Safe Harbor statements contained in the Q1 earnings release and in our SEC filings, including our Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2015, which is accessible through our website, www.monolithicpower.com. MPS assumes no obligation to update the information provided on today’s call. We will be discussing gross margin, operating expense, operating income, other income, net income and earnings on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A table that outlines the reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release, which we have filed with the SEC. I would refer investors to the Q1 2014, Q4 2014 and Q1 2015 releases, as well as to the reconciling tables that are posted on our website. I’d also like to remind you that today’s conference call is being webcast live over the internet and will be available for replay on our website for one year, along with the earnings release filed with the SEC earlier today. MPS is pleased to announce record first quarter revenue of $73.5 million representing a 22% increase from the first quarter of 2014. This year-over-year increase which was well above the industry average was fuelled by diversified growth in revenue from all four segment. MPS’ non-GAAP gross margin also expanded 100 basis points year-over-year to 54.8%. Excluding the one time payment of $9.5 million from O2 Micro in Q1 last year our non-GAAP operating income of $15.6 million grew 117% and non-GAAP EPS of $0.37 increased $0.20 over the first quarter of 2014. Looking at year-over-year revenue growth by market segment, industrial was up a record 36%, communications revenue grew 27.4%, consumer revenue was higher by 20.8%, and computing also increased by 7.5% over 2014. Let me speak to the results of each end market. In the industrial market sales rose to $13.3 million, fuelled by product sales for applications in automotive, smart meters and power sources. Communications revenue grew to $17.3 million, largely attributable to growth in networking and telecom opportunities. Gateway revenue also increased year-over-year on market share gains. Revenue from consumer market increased to $31.5 million driven primarily by high value consumer markets like home appliances, gaming, battery management and LED lighting. Computing revenue also increased to $11.4 million. Turning to the financials, our first quarter revenue of $73.5 million was above the midpoint of our guidance. Compared with Q4 2014, revenue decreased by $2.2 million or 2.9% on seasonally lower income – I’m sorry, on seasonally lower revenue in the consumer client based gateway and computing segment. Non-GAAP gross margin was 54.8% slightly lower than the prior quarter. Our non-GAAP operating income was $15.6 million compared to the $18.3 million reported in the prior quarter. Q1 non-GAAP net income was $14.9 million or $0.37 per fully diluted share compared with $0.43 per share in the previous quarter. Let’s review our operating expenses. Our non-GAAP first quarter 2015 operating expenses were $24.7 million. $1.4 million higher than the $23.3 million we spent in the fourth quarter mainly due to higher new products spending and increased compensation cost due to pay raises and higher payroll taxes. Our GAAP operating expenses were $33.8 million in the first quarter compared with $31.8 million in the fourth quarter. The difference between non-GAAP operating expenses and GAAP operating expenses for these quarters is stock-compensation expense as well expense on an unfunded deferred compensation plan. Stock-comp expense included in operating expenses was $9 million in the first quarter compared with $8.3 million in the prior quarter. Investment expense related to the deferred comp plan increased GAAP operating expenses a $166,000 in the first quarter of 2015 compared to $176,000 of expense in the fourth quarter. Turning to other income, first quarter non-GAAP other income of $516,000 was $229,000 higher than the prior quarter primarily due to foreign exchange…
Meera Rao: Now, let’s look at the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and investments were $239.2 million at the end of the first quarter of 2015, slightly below the $244.1 million at the end of the prior quarter. This reduction in cash was attributable primarily to the $10.4 million we spent to purchase 203,000 shares under our stock buyback program; payments of the $5.9 million quarterly dividend and $4.7 million of capital equipment purchases. In Q1, MPS generated operating cash flow of about $13.6 million. Cash proceeds from employee stock option exercises and employee stock plan purchases contributed another $2.4 million. Accounts receivable ended the first quarter at $25.3 million down from the $25.6 million at the end of the prior quarter. Days of sales outstanding were 31 days in both the first quarter 2015 and the fourth quarter 2014 and down from the 33 days in the year-ago quarter. Our internal inventories at the end of the first quarter were $53.4 million higher than the $40.9 million at the end of the prior quarter. Days of inventory increased to 144 days at the end of Q1, from the 107 days at the end of Q4. Inventory in our distribution channel increased from the prior quarter when inventory was lower than usual. Turning to the resolution of matters with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. On April 21, 2015 the IRS signed a formal closing agreement with MPS that resolves the IRS audit of the company’s taxes for the years 2005 through 2007. The resolution includes the following elements. During the second quarter of 2015, MPS will make a payment of $1.2 million for taxes related primarily to the revaluation of a license for certain intellectual property rights of the company, through one of its foreign subsidiaries. The buy-in payment is final and no additional payments will be required with respect to the intellectual property license, for the years under examination or for a previous or subsequent tax year. MPS expects to make a related $1.1 million interest payment in the next few months as well as approximately $200,000 tax payment for the years 2008 to 2013. Under GAAP, the income tax impact is recorded in the period of resolution. Therefore, the results for the second quarter will include a one-time net charge of $2.3 million reflecting the taxes and interest to be paid, partially offset – which is partially offset by the reversal of previously accrued tax liabilities and valuation allowances. Of the $2.3 million book charge, approximately $1.6 million relates to taxes and balance $700,000 to interest. There were no penalties assessed on MPS. The agreement permits MPS to repatriate approximately $17.4 million of cash from its foreign subsidiary without any U.S. federal tax consequences other than those summarized above. I would now like to turn to outlook for the second quarter of 2015. We’re forecasting Q2 revenue in the range of $79 million to $83 million. We also expect the following. Non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 54.5% to 55.5%. GAAP gross margin in the range of 53.7% to 54.7%. Total stock-based compensation expense of $8.6 million to $9.6 million, including approximately $300,000 that would be charged to cost of goods. Litigation expenses of $200,000 to $400,000. Non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense to be in the range of $24.3 million to $25.3 million. This estimate excludes stock compensation and litigation expenses. Other income to be in the range of $200,000 to $300,000 before foreign exchange gains or losses. Fully diluted shares to be in the range of 40.7 million and 41.1 million shares before share buyback. In conclusion, MPS continues to execute against its plans and deliver high growth quality revenue. I’ll now open the microphone for questions.
Meera Rao: So yeah just before your question. I’ll just go ahead and I think we were talking about switching to the bottom line. So let me just repeat that portion, on a non-GAAP basis our Q1 net income was $14.9 million or $0.37 per fully diluted share this result is computed with an estimated tax rate of 7.5%. Q1 2015 GAAP net income was $6 million or $0.15 per fully diluted share. Now let’s look at the balance sheet and then we went on to cash, cash equivalent and investments were $239.2 million at the end of the first quarter of 2015 slightly below the $244.1 million at the end of the prior quarter.
Meera Rao: Sure, if you remember most of last year, we were carrying inventory at around 130 to 140 days and the inventory last quarter ended up being much lower. So for over a quarter we’ve been ramping up our wafers in the foundry and this is in support of higher revenue as in Q2 and Q3, these are all strategic builds that we’re doing to support some of our customers and builds we see coming ahead.
Meera Rao: So if you look at last year our revenue from new products has been coming up to close to 50% of all our revenues coming from new products and for this year also we expect mix to be the same or perhaps even a little richer compared - tied to new products.
Meera Rao: Our target markets are communications, computing and industrials and we’ve focused on growing those markets as fast as we can, we also recognize there is an inherent timing in each of those markets to convert design win to revenue. So as long as we see growth in all of them as much growth as we can get then we are happy with it. So we don’t have a strict number saying we want to have 25%, 25%, we don’t have anything that. We just want to see the maximum growth we can in those market segment.
Meera Rao: Sure, we have - the buyback was originally the $100 million was authorized through June of this year, through the end of last quarter we had bought about $72.2 million. So we have $27.8 million to go. And this extension allows us to buy according to algorithm that we have put into place.
Meera Rao: We have not in the past shared how much is generated domestically and internationally, but I can share with you that right now over half our cash is onshore.
Meera Rao: Yes, in the – on the telecom side we actually saw revenue growth from Q4 to Q1. So I mean, and the rest of the gateway business is all about opportunistic for us, it’s based on the revenue and the mix we decided we wanted to take more. But the telecom side we’re certainly in a growth phase in Q1.
Meera Rao: In terms of the server revenue, we’ve been seeing a ramp in revenues every quarter and we expect that to continue until hit all the design, hit their stride. And we always by most of the design wins are done particularly for the Grantley cycle we are always open to picking up any new business as we see it.
Meera Rao: Yes. We introduced the PMIC for the PCI Express last year. And we have design wins and we expecting to have the revenue start in the second half of this year.
Meera Rao: More recently inventory also been looking at our revenues, consumer revenues as a high value market. And what we saw is a lot of strength in the high value market. We also saw pretty good performance in the rest of the more traditional consumer products as well. We saw growth in both.
Meera Rao: As first qualify my answer by saying that we don’t have as granular view by all the different end markets as we do when we reach the end of the quarter. But I can tell you that right now we expected to see growth in most of the market.
Meera Rao: Yes, currently I exposure to the notebook side, is definitely less than 5%. In last year cycle et cetera, we just played in the market very opportunistically. And more excited about opportunity this year, as Michael said earlier.
Meera Rao: And as with regards to BCD three and four, I would say it’s approaching 70% of revenue at this point.
Meera Rao: In industrial we saw strength in power sources in automotive and not meters, so this is a market where I mean we saw strength in those in security which has been on a tear for several quarters was a little softer I think in one quarter, but I think it’s more a question, customers having bought ahead. And so…
Meera Rao: So we’ve been continuing to utilize the test facility in Chengdu, very expensively and we also have some tasting done outside too, so that we can – there is no limit on our test capacity. And we have also taken – we are also in the process of expanding our fab foundry capacity by signing on an additional foundry. And the…
Meera Rao: Go on, as you’ll see some of the expenses in bringing up that capacity come on for us starting late in Q2 and more into Q3, Q4.
Meera Rao: The modules revenue we seeing increased revenue every quarter but right now it’s still a smaller percentage of our revenue.
Meera Rao: Terms of revenue will be seeing revenue come from more modules as we go in. We announcing the revenue from the first few modules that we released over a year ago. So I think we already have released something like 12 modules. And then we have a few more that will be releasing. So as more and more of these modules get released we also see more design wins coming from them which is up for a good revenue growth in the quarters ahead.
Meera Rao: I would like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call, and look forward to talking to you again in July at our second quarter conference call. Thank you. And have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: In general, we released the product and then we see revenues coming above 24 months to 30 months later. So if you specify what a green product is, these are we call it a green product. And for this year, last year, as Meera said, it is about 50% and these are products about four, five years ago.
Michael Hsing: We’re especially we’re green to these more industrials, telecoms, and automotive and the revenue coming is typically about three years. So, this year, we just will be more fruitful than the last couple of years, we see have a lot more activity all of us three to four years ago.
Michael Hsing: Yes, Matt, this is Michael. That signal is it’s a really a noise and it’s not really a signal. So that and clearly where that the gross margins in a range, so we focused on the top line growth and a bottom line growth.
Michael Hsing: Yes from, we see the business is a normal and although we give a way we are very cautious for the overall market – overall MPS is feel a much similar players and that we a lot of opportunity.
Michael Hsing: I think that – I don’t have the numbers to quantify exactly which is – and which in that, but overall in the growth some modules business and some other newer products and these are release the products these products released about a couple of years ago and as you know the consumer is always he can gain a revenue very quickly. But this time were a lot more pickier and these are revenues that we make sure, these are just the sustainable revenues and sustainable with the margin.
Michael Hsing: Yes, we don’t see, this time we don’t see any – in all the market segment MPS percentage is very small, there is a lot of opportunity for us to grow although, we can deviate from a market – and impact from a macro markets but we are very cautious and we are very optimistic, okay.
Michael Hsing: In this particular market, we’re very optimistic. And we released the product we have a huge attractions and I think this product we do really well. And then in terms of a numbers that we is – we have a lot of design – we can lot of design win, we have a lot more design win activities you know then before. And it also including that we’re 12.5 and we’re 13.
Michael Hsing: Yes, let me answer this way first. Consumer modules always comes in faster. Their product cycles about a year or two or so. And industrial, automotive always comes later. And this year we see lot more activity than in a same period of a last year in industrial and automotive market segment.
Michael Hsing: In the telecom side we’re still very new and then we do to the only in fact I can tell you there is we have a lot of design win activities we’re somewhat in slower than automotive on a very much encouraged by all the design activities from a last year and this year.
Michael Hsing: We’re very – we have some revenues and we pick the customers, pick the project really our customers will appreciate our technology.
Michael Hsing: You know BCD4 we’re still lead by our competitor by a wide margins. The BCD5 I can tell you this. Stay tuned now in our product is about being in productions.
Michael Hsing: All the products, all the products – you know pipeline are just released they are much higher than the average corporate margin, however I said that. We – the gross margins is in our models we in the at this period of time we should concentrate on the top line growth and the bottom line growth.
Michael Hsing: For the – we’re 12.5 and we’re 13 obviously hasn’t really started yet in so the next patent could changes little bit.
