Michael Hsing: All these products, which is design [indiscernible] and our customers have upside, there is - many of us - many of them, they told us. So we believe, okay, these are - these sockets are difficult to change. And they’re not changing - it can change month by month, and those volumes still will be with us.
Michael Hsing: Yes, our inventories, we involve a few thousand products. And very difficult to predict, which was the ramp ahead of - which ones to ramp first. And so that causes a lot of problems for our planning and also for our shipments. We’re now doing partial shipment.
Michael Hsing: The initial one is in - these initial market segments there in the communications and as well as medical applications. And we don’t have a long-term strategy. I think through our Internet - through our e-commerce and we tried to push everything through e-commerce.
Michael Hsing: I think that we are too small to call the industry. We are growing to all these Greenfield markets and the leasings that we say that isn’t end of the world. All this is the beginning of the world. It’s the beginning in the world for MPS.
Michael Hsing: Gaming is not a major part of our business. And that is all into the one product, is in a consumer segment, and it is in a share, the similar CPU co-power. And so the business is very lumpy. And - but we treat this very opportunistically. And our customers really like our solutions, and we will support them when the demands come.
Michael Hsing: Well, we’re talking about margins. And if you were 12-inch fabs, okay, every time we’re bringing up a fab is and not - we will have a very immediate impact for the margin improvement. All these product - these products that are from new fab is always a year or 2 years down the road. We - in terms of which segments of where our inventory is tight and, again, it’s actually across the board.
Michael Hsing: These are, we said it and Bernie said at the beginning of the call, so okay, these are things that were - these are the few things that we achieved in the 2019. And all of these will generate a significant revenue in 2020.
Michael Hsing: All the fab, as far as we know, they are all open. They are all operating. And they’re in a really tight conditions, okay? And all the assemblies, same things, okay. And so far and really hasn’t disrupted our supply.
Michael Hsing: Well, okay. Overall, everybody told us, like, all those will not be a good year, okay? But from the NPS side, we are looking pretty good in fall of 2020. And all these number 1 and number 2 and number 3, all those and we are deeply engaged in that we see all the activities that we the more than we can handle it. And now we have to pick and choose.
Michael Hsing: Well, you call it industrial out of the downturn came. And as you said - as Bernie said earlier, so we will grow above the industrial market, okay? Plus what’s your upturn and about 10% - 15% to 20%. So we committed on that.
Michael Hsing: Yes. For the stagnant companies, inventory, yes, is very predictable. For the growth company and we have a particular for NPS, we have - it is not thousands, we have hundreds of projects and that they are taking off. And some of those faster, other ones the slowest, how do we pick on those? Very difficult to call.
Michael Hsing: The e-commerce side, okay, other than MPS website, e-commerce and we’re still learning from that one, okay. But our product to sell to the third party e-commerce site is doing really well.And so as a result of our learning and we’re changing it. You’ve seen that on our website. And so far, we can’t give you the significant number yet, okay? But our views at 2020, end of 2020, I think that they will move some needles.
Michael Hsing: Yes. The key is the traffic. But yes, your key is the traffic. So we can - I can give you analogies in a, we believe again, a year ago, we believe that there’s a lot of fishing in the Pacific Ocean. So we dropped the fish in the middle of Pacific Ocean, we didn’t comment anything.And our learning, we’re fishing what kind of fish, where are they? We’re a lot more targeted. So we went through - we have gone through that phase, okay? We’re not a lot more targeted now.
Michael Hsing: Yes. So the model is that the intended is just not selling the models motors and intended to provide a convenience for our customers for the initial ramp. So okay, we - those business at the very beginning, and I go through, we see quite a few orders from our Internet and then, typically, those customers are going very slow.And I mean, that - their project takes a year and 1.5 years and it - to ramp. It’s not like they’re selling a silicon piece, okay? And usually models for the guys that takes about 3 or 4 years.And in terms of eMotion, we have - I don’t know what - Bernie, maybe you can say that, okay, $20-some million this year, more than $20 million - last year, $20-some million. This year, we’re going to keep up a similar growth rate. And that - so we’ll be - certainly would be a $30 million or $40 million.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. We’re not trying to identify a risk factor with regard to our ability to execute against expectations. We’re just saying that it would be imprudent for us to allow our investors to believe that there is even more upside beyond that because we may have some constraints with regard to inventory.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I don’t think that we guided, per se, on giving an exact revenue outlook for Q1 with beginning of 48-volt. But we said that it would be in 2020. And right now, it’s - everything is tracking pretty much along our expectations.So what’s really exciting is that I think that it validates our strategy to have gone into 48-volt and to enjoy and participate in many of the opportunities there it brings us.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Again, I think the broader question there is what’s going to be -- what is the revenue drivers looking like. And at this point, I think it’s a continuation of more of what we’ve been seeing recently. So for example, the compute and storage market is very well positioned for growth in the early part of the year. Likewise, communication, we believe that there’s also a significant opportunity for growth, particularly in Q1.When you look at - oh, I should make 1 asterisk on computing, notebooks, which are -- we report in computing, are seasonal. And coming out of Q4, they tend to have a seasonal decline, which we are anticipating as well. But when you look at storage or cloud computing, I think that they were very well positioned.And then after that, if you look at consumer again, that still has not hit a steady state or show any signs of being healthy. And again, consumer is also very seasonal, and it’s normal to expect a decline from Q4 to Q1.And then when you look at Industrial, a lot of that was revenue performance, particularly in the second half of the year. It reflected inventory builds on the part of certain of our customers who are anticipating trade restrictions. And so that area may fall off in Q1. In automotive, that tends to go either on the plateau or when it fits designed in your new revenue opportunity, there’s a spike.
Bernie Blegen: On the dollar content, we don’t - we haven’t seen an opportunity to expand beyond what we currently are getting on the V14. But then again, the specs are not entirely finalized. So if it turns out that the space of the power requirements are materially different from what V14 is, there might be an opportunity for pricing leverage.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, and it’s not restricted to any 1 end market segment, it’s actually very broad-based to the level of the customer engagement that we’re receiving from Tier 1s.
Bernie Blegen: And again, Rick, it’s a very early stage to really fully appreciate or understand how any of our businesses will be impacted.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. When you look at 2019, I think that first half of the year was an anomaly where the hyperscales were trying to digest excess capacity. And so I would see, with the V14 haven’t been just recently rolled out a return to a more normalized adoption process.
Bernie Blegen: I think we’re at 155 days right now. And if you were to look at sort of the industry standards, we’re probably in at about the midpoint range of what people might expect. There’s two things though that differentiate us. The first is the diversity of the number of products that we maintain and then the second is that we build inventories ahead of when we sell them. And as a result, because we’re growing at a rate that is 10 to 15 percentage points faster than the industry that puts more pressure on us to have more inventory available in an earlier stage.So it’s as much a risk management decision with the level we carry. And I think that we’ve said previously that we’re more comfortable with inventory levels between about 160 and 180 days.
Bernie Blegen: I think that we’re comfortable in saying that it can be a $30 million or $40 million business here in the next few years. I think, though, that Michael makes a very good point as far as the length of time between adoption and when you actually generate revenue, many of those applications, almost have characteristics similar to automotive.
Bernie Blegen: Thank you. I’d like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call and look forward to talking to you again during our first quarter 2020 conference call, which will likely be in April. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you. And congratulation, again. Very nice results. First question on inventory being tight. I mean you’re at 156 days. So how tight is it? I mean I know you want to run a little bit higher than that, but it doesn’t seem alarmingly low either. So maybe you could just elaborate a little bit on that.
Tore Svanberg: Well, it’s a good problem to have. Second question, and I always ask you this, Michael, if you could give us an update on your e-commerce business. We’ve noticed that the website keeps changing. So if you could update on those, that would be great? Thanks.
Tore Svanberg: Great. So at least, you’re now seeing that the traffic really moving in the right direction, it sounds like.
