Meera Rao: If you're asking the softness that some of our peers have talked about, we’re seeing some softness in a market, but what we’re also seeing is some of our growth drivers and we’re also seeing new opportunities. And all this together with our usual conservatism colors how we look at the quarter. 
Meera Rao: It’s a combination, some of it was in support of the higher shipment this quarter, and also in support of customers demand and strategic inventory build. And some of it is also we need to hold additional inventory until we get another foundry up and running. So it's a combination of those. 
Meera Rao: Michael was just saying, historically the reasons why we have held higher inventory and he included all the reasons. So favorable wafer pricing is not necessarily the reason why we are doing it now, so that’s the take on it.
Meera Rao: We have four buckets in industrial that are big for us, automotive being the strongest and the other three are smart meters, security and power sources.
Meera Rao: So LED lighting, we include a small portion which goes to industrial and commercial in our Industrial segment. The rest of it that goes for incandescent bulk replacement. We include that in the Consumer segment.
Meera Rao: We do know that we’ll have some seasonal weakness in Q4 in consumer and consumer like market and we have our growth drivers. The elements we cannot predict particularly this far ahead is what the macro conditions are going to be in Q4. And as Michael said, we’re not immune.
Meera Rao: The areas where we see growth this year are some of the same markets we’ve been talking about. We are seeing growth in our industrial markets. We expect to continue to see that. Consumer again it’s our newer market to a large extent, the high value market opportunity that we talk about where we are seeing strength. And computing, and when it comes to computing, it’s both storage as well as cloud computing where we are seeing the strength. So on top of all this and as you roll on into next year and everything, we are in the early inning of modules for example. We expect to get a few millions dollars this year. But as we go onto next year and the year after, we expect to see a lot more revenue there. So that answers the question of where we are seeing growth. And in terms of where we are seeing some of the weakness, we’re seeing pockets of weakness in areas like our gateway communications business. We’re seeing some softness in more traditional consumer market and so we have factored that into our guidance and as you know we have a track record of hitting our guidance. So we sit and put a lot of thought and effort into making sure that we are comfortable with the numbers that we guide the street. 
Meera Rao: Well, currently we’ve started some of the work on bringing the foundry from the standpoint of mass [ph], et cetera, but this quarter we just had a small portion of it in Q2 and we’re going to see more of a stepped up cost in Q3, Q4 going into the first half of next year. And the rough estimate is between these four quarters we’ll expand something -- maybe just a little under $3 million on this mass. And then the rest of the increase this quarter is obviously for some of the sales and marketing that we need, to the people we need to hire in support of growth in newer market.
Meera Rao: For the Skylake that's mainly into the notebook business, while Skylake is more interesting than the cycles that have come before. We still tend to view this more opportunistically because the strategic focus continues to on servers. We do believe that this is going to be a stronger cycles and will only play in the high end of the PC business.
Meera Rao: So, these are our four new markets that we have entered in the last few years that we call our high value market segments and that's where we are seeing most of our growth in consumers coming from these. And just to remind you these are home appliances, these are battery management, LED lighting as well as gaming. So these are the four markets that we are seeing most of our growth in consumer.
Meera Rao: I has historically been one of the reasons in some of the prior growth, not this one. So just to make that clear.
Meera Rao: It's very simple. As we have said before, as we see more and more revenue come from higher margin opportunities. We also take more of the lower margin revenue and these are in markets like, some of our traditional consumer market or it could be in the gateway business in communications or some time even in notebook. And these are opportunities where as we get more of the higher margin revenue, we do take that. So the idea is if you look at our long term model our gross margin is well within that at the 55% level and so we actually optimize our top line and bottom line more. At the same time showing a steady expansion in gross margin. And we have always talked about the gross margin expansion as a steady growth, it's not a raise.
Meera Rao: When it reaches a material amount of revenue, we would most probably consider breaking it out, but we are not at that point yet.
Meera Rao: Thank you, Candus. I would like to welcome you all to come and attend our Analyst Day that's going to be on September 15th, at our headquarters in San Jose, it will be at 9:00 AM California time or noon East Coast time and we’d love to have you all come and attend. Where we can share with you how MPS is going to grow in the years to come. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Michael Hsing: As you said -- the growth is really from share gain. And to be more precise, all the gain is from the new segment that we entered in, and which wasn't there a few years ago. So the opportunity is for us is great. So that’s why we see the growth and then we see the growth for the next few quarters. 
Michael Hsing: Let me answer little more or give a little more color. I’m never concerned about MPS's days of inventories because first thing, in a history of MPS we never have any large amount of write off. Because MPS is a product that lasts of six years to eight years. So in history we never -- let's say we’ll never have a material amount -- the large amount -- have a material to stay there. So we never have it. And we have a very small amount of write offs because -- due to engineering issues that weighed [ph] to a technical issue.  The reason you see the inventory is, overall in the history our inventory fluctuation is because, firstly, we have a lot of engineering lot and they’re ready to take off and other customers are waiting and other reasons are of course and the manner [ph] and the demand. Than the third reason is depend on our pricing. We can use the pricing to book more materials, if it’s a favorite we’ll book more, if it’s less favorite we book less. So these are the reason that’s driving the MPS inventory.  So I give the reason, Tore I gave long, long answer is because I keep hearing our investors ask that MPS has an inventory, so might as well just give a -- once and for all, I give you all the color, what’s the reason behind MPS inventory.
Michael Hsing: We’re moving to a new era. MPS always relates to some kind of power, this one still relates to a power, but more in the motion controls, and then we introduced in a family, it's really software driven and to have our customers can much easier to implement an motions like robot, they can really easily -- ease of use or ease their design activity. And this is not only for robot, anything motion related, including automotive, and it will be much easier for them to design. So we’re going to talk about it in Analyst Day.
Michael Hsing: No, the reason we’re not disclosing why, -- there is a reason that either our demand high or second, we have a lot of a new product launching and the third, we may booked -- have a high inventories because of the favorable pricing. We’re not disclose any of the reason.
Michael Hsing: Exactly, even in a car anything move, in the car seat, wipers, mirror and everything moves, or the breaks, and all can use MPS product. It’s much easier to use, we really provide a new platform and other ones, as ACs anything related to [indiscernible], electrical bicycles and anything that move, pumps and anything with really a precise measurement, in that case MPS will replace many mechanical parts and also replace the parts called encoders and is an optical device, we will replace all of them.
Michael Hsing: I think within the auto business is LED that which were very strong, lot of shipments, lot of designing activities or lot current shipment is in LED and the other one is body automotive, that has nothing under the hood, it’s the body. Lot of DC to DC, these are the product we do in two category, now we shift to auto business.
Michael Hsing: We’re not usually talking of others, the next two quarters of our guidance, but I can tell you in -- there is a large significant portion of the business, we’re still very much affected by the macroeconomic condition. But overall the new business segment will grow very strong.
Michael Hsing: I am excited if we can have year-over-year -- and the four quarters of growth, it never happened, I expected -- I wished it happened, but it’s didn’t happen, so I can wish this year.
Michael Hsing: I’ll answer your last question first. The revenue comes in now. It’s happening. It’s already shipping. But that’s based on the product, the existing, when we acquired from FEMA [ph] based on those products, we already generate revenue. And it’s not a small revenue, its [indiscernible] meaningful to our revenue either. And to answer the other part about what the -- how bigger the large -- the market segments, it is certainly the over well -- well over several billions and not what over 1 billion or 2 billion. Whether it’s 4 billion - 5 billion, we don’t know yet. And that because the end market is growing very rapidly and I think from the Internet of Things and people now that connect to a phone, now the next explosion of a domain is when you do something, do something and you need automatic controls, those are really [indiscernible]. I see a lot of activity out there, there is a lot of small companies and are doing these kind of things. This product is a perfect for them, there is a product of family, it provides a platform for that kind of implementation.
Michael Hsing: Absolutely, the limiting factor is our sales marketing. Now, and it’s all possible. I think the 500 million, I see a much bigger growth on that. 
Michael Hsing: Well, our pricing power is, the more as a solution provider, the more we can charge more. And that’s in the last four-five years, our level of integrations and also on top of it and have software and that really gains us our pricing power. And even in the consumer market segments and we’re doing really well. Our customers appreciated those -- the easily used product.
Michael Hsing: Let me answer the first. Of course I am talking about motion controls and I’m all excited about motion control, that’s in the future and Meera can talk about what has been growing in for the last few quarters or so.
Michael Hsing: Let me talk about OpEx, I don’t imply MPS will grow tremendously in OpEx. Look at the history, we always grow less than the revenue growth in the history of MPS. And some years ago it goes up a little bit higher than other. If you look in the last four years, and how we expect the next four years will be at similar levels in the plus/minus. But overall I said earlier, MPS growth is limited by our sales marketing. The reason I said I can get into a little more. Four years ago we tried to enter this new market segment so we’re knocking on the door for about two years. Then the four years later we see the door open, we’re in it and there we see lot more opportunity, in that we can grow. But we still want to grow very manageably within the same pattern as in the last four years. 
Michael Hsing: I think as the e-motion is across the boat, I mean that and also some of the new emerging market segments, so it’s big enough there. For all our business that you said 100 million, I don’t know 100 million, but in the last few years we grew 100%, we double it every year, is because of we’re small. And growing next couple of years -- in the two years out, I don’t know if we can still double it that will be lot more difficult. But e-motion is -- so far, sky is limited. 
Michael Hsing: I think on the consumer side, like a drone, we think generally revenue very quickly. I see a lot of emerging market like a robot, and artificial intelligence, a robot driven by artificial intelligence both are emerging. And I think I truly believe they will more and more, these are all coming. For 10% of MPS revenues -- MPS also growing and I think as we’re going to -- in the next three or four years, I think that we’re going to be -- we’d be more than 10% of MPS revenue.
Michael Hsing: No. let me break you first. We have not increase of inventory it’s not because we have a favorable pricing I didn’t say that.
Rick Schafer: You guys continue to do great, just in general. I think compared to some others in your peer group. I guess I’m just trying to quantify great, I mean for instance if talk about automotive, I think automotive revenues doubling -- potentially doubling annually for you guys over the next few years which would give us line of sight to that automotive business being something like a $100 million business in the next three or four years potentially. Are there other opportunities out there I’m guessing that e-motion could be another one of those categories. But are there opportunities like automotive that you can lay out for us so we can kind of get a sense of some of these bigger pieces of the pie and how they’re going to ramp over the next, let’s just say three or four years. 
Rick Schafer: Since you mentioned it, how far out is it -- if you want to call it the tipping point? But how far out is that business from sort of hitting that tipping point, the e-motion piece, is that -- and maybe able to find out it’s maybe like a 10% revenue kind of driver, 10% of business kind of business.
Rick Schafer: Got it. And if I could just speak one last one, just on the v-core. We’ve talked about the v-core ramp in the second half for you guys and I guess maybe how much this v-core content really go up with Skylake in your eyes. And how big can this business be for you guys here in the second half and that's it. Thanks.
