Meera Rao: Sure. We've had very good bookings so far, and I think we're kind of seeing an environment that is better than what we saw a quarter ago. And that's what's drives the guidance that we have now given for the second quarter. 
Meera Rao: Yes. It's -- more than half of our revenue is now coming in from SSD, and SSD continues to be a segment that's growing for us. 
Meera Rao: Yes. So one design win that has started decreasing in the second quarter of last year has now bottomed out. 
Meera Rao: It contemplates a slow and steady improvement in our gross margins as we've always talked about in the past, and I think that's what you're seeing in the second quarter as our revenue mix gets richer. 
Meera Rao: Sure. I'd like to kind of put it in context, as I have in the past, that we don't have as much visibility to break it down by the different end markets when we are looking at bookings and a forecast as we do when we have the end quarter POS or resales data. But directionally, I can tell you that I expect to see growth in consumer in the second quarter. I also think that we will see growth in computing, since I expect both storage and notebook revenue to increase in that quarter. And I expect the -- all the other markets also to do fairly well. 
Meera Rao: Yes. So the $3.1 million that you're referring to is actually special bonuses that were given to employees in the first quarter. And I think that's the difference that you're picking up, and that's what I talked about in the commentary a little earlier. And I think out of that $3.1 million, $2.8 million of that was in OpEx and about $300,000 went into cost of goods and impacted gross margin. 
Meera Rao: Rick, I mean, our focus has always been on maximizing the operating income on a non-GAAP basis, right? So we also try at the same time to improve our top line while steadily expanding our gross margin. And as Michael said, there's absolutely no headwinds when it comes to gross margin, and you're going to see it improve. And as we get more revenue coming from some of our newer products, we also transition to a richer mix. And all that's going to help with our gross margin expansion as we go forward. 
Meera Rao: Sure. Our revenue from BCD3 and BCD4 is above 60% of our revenues in the first quarter. And the cost savings that we got, that came out of it, came both from having 20% to 50% die size reduction and the cost savings that came from it for the different products, as well as some of the packaging advances that we had made. Of course, some of that cost advantage gets narrower as we go forward as our competitors continue to drop prices. But it clearly allows us to still match a competitors' prices in the consumer market with a group of family of products and yet get a corporate gross margin that's in our model of 53% to 58%. 
Meera Rao: I mean, we get picked up periodically as new products roll onto it. But some of the benefits have also come from some of the newer consumer markets we get into. And these newer markets have better gross margin profiles than traditional. 
Meera Rao: Since then, one of the newer markets that we entered into, that we have discussed publicly is the gaming market. And I don't think we have announced any newer markets since then. 
Meera Rao: And, Tore, one of the things that is truly exciting about this module is the variety of markets into which it's being adopted into. We have design wins all the way from SSDs to appliances, to smart meters and to automotives, other industrial applications, servers, networking. So we have seen these products being kind of being adopted very widely. And the revenue, as Michael said, some of it consumer will be earlier to ramp and the others will take a little longer. But you're going to see us talk more about this and having this be a more significant part of our revenues, particularly in 2015 and 2016. 
Meera Rao: And just add to that, our AC/DC products essentially sell across to more than one of our end markets. While a lot of it goes into industrial, we also have one of our AC/DC parts, the synchronous rectifier that's going in for gaming as we announced a few quarters ago. So we won't be able to break it out that way, but we will give some color as we go on through the rest of this year and next year. 
Meera Rao: I'd like to thank you all for joining us on this call today, and look forward to talking to you all again at the next earnings release. Thanks, and have a nice day. 
Michael R. Hsing: Doesn't mean that HDD continue to go down. As the newer model ramping up, we expect the revenue start to pick up again. 
Michael R. Hsing: The second -- as Meera said in the script, the second half of the year, our third generation of our LED will gain sales revenue. 
Michael R. Hsing: Oh, that. Oh, you switched topics, okay. Yes, these models, it was 2015 starting to see -- not in 2015 revenues. So we're not going to go beyond that. I don't -- I'm not very familiar with these names. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well let me -- before Meera answers, here's a correction. Meera in the script has said the settlement. This is not a settlement. This is a verdict from the court. Okay, Meera, please answer the question. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well, 60%, that's a big jump, Rick. Big jump. As we said in the long term, we're transitioning from -- we are broadening our market coverage and the gross margin world growth. And when -- how we're going to get 60%? I would say the possibility is there. And as we do the more annuity products and then we will get there. So -- but the questions is really -- really, the question is when will it get there? And as you know, this year, consumer business we're going to do really well, and they make very good bucket. Increase our -- keep increase our EPS and, I mean, these are money you can't walk away. And so we will see. I think in the next 5, 6 years, I think as a possibility it's very good. 
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, the one we -- Meera just mentioned it, the very management -- and certainly it's much higher than a corporate average gross margins. And other consumer products we just recently introduced for the smart TVs. And those products are generally has a much higher gross margin compared on the existing one. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well we just introduced the third generation of our LED drivers in early this year or second half of last year, and it's well, well received. In the conference call, we should have bring that up to our shareholders and that will have some additional revenues in the second half of this year. 
Michael R. Hsing: It's -- as you know, the LED market is very fragmented, and a lot of customer competing with the same sockets. And some's going to win, some are going to lose, okay, but ended up it's okay in [indiscernible]. These sockets are either more into the consumer side. And so it's difficult for us to forecast from the design wins to revenues. 
Michael R. Hsing: Yes I think -- but we don't look at the TAM or calculate the TAM every quarter. From the last year's Analyst Day, we announced that here is the TAM we're going to cover, so this is the opportunity and then since then, of course, we introduced a lot more product than we will have more TAM, but we don't have any particular numbers. 
Michael R. Hsing: Yes. We have, of course, we have seen a lot more design wins from the last quarter to -- well from the 2 quarters ago to the last quarter's. And then Meera talked about in the script that we have a more industrial design wins, more in SSD, more in the consumer side, actually. And some wearable device, some these action cams, those kind of a thing. Cameras, they require very small devices, and they want to use a high-performance product. And so we have a lot of these design activities. And so the revenue -- we're translating the revenues and some are sooner than the other one, okay, and consumer being the fastest and the industrial is relatively slowest. Also, the automotive and we have several activity -- several design wins. These will be probably take us 3 years to generate any revenues. From the cost side, the cost is really not -- and at this time, it's not really our concern because we're selling values. And the gross margin is a much, much higher than the corporate average. And so it's a less concern. But we believe our -- the way we implement the module is the lowest cost in the market. We don't use the PCB. We don't use any multiple chips in there and everything is the same. We utilized integrated circuit packaging technology which we developed. And available in -- we implement it in the assembly and it can be mass-produced. So the reliability and the cost that we clearly will have an advantage now. 
Michael R. Hsing: Oh, the BCDH, okay. Well I'm glad that you mentioned it. This is the fastest growth segment in our revenue stream. The high-voltage device, and we started about 4, 5 years ago, and the revenue grows and it grows phenomenally, and as in AC to DC side, and also as well the LED lighting. 
Michael R. Hsing: Well most of it -- a lot of them is -- these are power -- these are micro transmitters, [indiscernible] and the WiFis and network for connectivities. 
