Michael Hsing: So far, we see it for the next year or so. All our growth is – these are – as you know, these are all growing fields. And again, I mean we don’t own the products that were designed in the last few years, like I mean, for whatever the divulging of it, okay. And so if there is a delay the one thing is that we actually care less and it’s out of MPS control. And – but overall, we have a new – has a higher power processor and MPS can provide a much higher benefit to those market segments. So, it’s off for about 1.5 years and 1 years and we don’t notice it as in this period and where we gain more market shares. And in a way, we grow from this existing business that we have plenty of it to growth.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Just like any other companies, okay, clearly, we are transitioning out from the last 20 years of manufacturing from China to other places. And all this infrastructure had to be built up. And we are just like other companies. Like we are in a transition, so actually, we started transitioning earlier. We first started from our engineering manpower. So that came in and we transitioned out of 6, 7 years ago – 6 years ago. And manufacturers, we started like 2 – about 3 years ago and as you know, we always use a trading edge of a DRAM fab, okay or a digital fab. And 3 or 4 years ago, clearly, okay, these are higher node, okay, 60 nanometers and 40 nanometers fabs. Okay, they are all engaged with the MPS, okay. And as we have a reputation, so we will fill up all these fab. And now it opens up in careers and I mean Taiwan and – these are the places now, okay, we are only talking about a fab this one now. And in the next few years will be, again will be – I can’t say it’s a move out of China soon, okay, we – and a still bigger capacity, okay. And we have a large market segment in our – 30% of our revenues still from China. So in the next year or a couple of years later, next year, we probably will be very diversified.
Michael Hsing: Yes. They all require – each region center require their local supplied. That’s where we are playing the game. I mean that’s our customer request. And so we are fully aware of that. And so we engage with all these fabs. And okay, across South Asia and Europe and Korea and Japan. And so that’s how I see it.
Michael Hsing: Well, first, your first question, honestly, I don’t really know. I mean it’s difficult. And as you know, we sell – these are building blocks. And for more or less in a server and data center areas, and these are more generic parts, and they can be used multiple awake. And it’s hard to track. And frankly, we don’t really care. And as long as we – our revenue goes up, right? And for very high powers, and these are power like a 48-volt power, okay? We do have pretty good dominant players in that segment. And so the – I think a ramp hasn’t really just started recently. I mean we will be – in the future, there will be a lot more. But mentioning about – you mentioned about notebooks, I mean we’re mostly in high-performance gaming or mostly in the – in commercial notebook. And number of assets and versus the CPU – versus CPUs, it’s also hard to match in because we’re selling these power devices, they can be through 2 phase, they can be 3 phase, They can be 4 phase. I mean we don’t quite note. And also we care less. And so it’s difficult to answer it. So all these notebooks are all the high end, the high-end gaming side and gaming notebooks and commercial. And so these are the ones that they have a variety of a use.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Might as well, all these are Bernie add all the expenses, that they are small compared – relatively compare the cash that we generate every year. And so what we want to do is that’s probably MPS know the best, be consistent. And we give – increase our revenue yearly. And that’s what we have been doing in the past few years, and we will continue to do so. And also, we don’t want – we will do some acquisitions, but not acquisition for revenues.
Michael Hsing: Yes. The module is doing well, I mean, but the revenue is still quite small. It’s a hundred-some million dollars, but in – but I know in the next few years will grow double or triple it. And that’s what we’ve seen in the pipeline, in the design win activities. And so as we said a few years ago, we do e-commerce and okay, we do programmable modules these show true benefits to our customers truly realize it in the end.
Michael Hsing: Our own lead time really hasn’t changed that much. And we still – we’re still in a lot of delinquencies, okay? And that’s a good thing, okay, because as Bernie said earlier, in all the benefit of our product technologies. Okay, finally, our customers realize it, and it became a high demand. And even though and I think it’s due to the new design win activities. And they all switch to this type of a new technology or new design methodologies. And now that really benefit MPS. And at the same time, we had to increase our capacities. I mean not only from China and globally, that’s what our customer demands.
Michael Hsing: We – for the notebooks, okay. And for our side, still – demand is still pretty good and still good, like I mean, and I think as the orders and the orders slow down than before. And but we still have delinquency. And for memory side, for memory side, and there is a lot of new format, okay, starting, we’re still facing shortages now.
Michael Hsing: The rate of a booking and the rate of cancellations and I would say they are very similar in the last few years. I mean last few quarters, yes.
Michael Hsing: I think it’s both. And not only the CPU size for the servers, we gain – and we gain the market share. We stepped into – in that game a couple of years ago, but a very small percentage, and we start to ramp. But we’re still far distance, then they need a bigger suppliers. And that’s one of – from the server side. And the 48-volts, as you know, we talk about it. And we talked about since 2017 or ‘18. And we said that this is the inevitable and a trend. You had to go move to 48 volt. And we are now in the forefront of, and we’re not replacing anybody, okay? We set up this market trend. And so – and also in the data center and the rack itself is a big opportunities and MPS are ramping revenue from there, to from the AC power, and these are 380 volts and I guess, 240 volts input convert into 48 volt. And also the battery backup, and we provide the same – we provide the solutions for battery management and also cooling side. And so MPS is almost one-stop shopping place for data center.
Michael Hsing: Well, these are one thing, right? We do – of course, we have the fab, we have the mobile. And we will have increased more capacities outside of China. We started about a couple of years ago, also more than a couple of years ago. And now we engage with some bigger DRAM fabs, okay? We will fill that up in the next couple of years. And – but going to futures, MPS actually require less semiconductors and because a lot of products are more programmable and we can use for multiple use. And at the same time, we’re growing our revenues. We’re selling a lot more than semiconductor. We’re selling power solutions, more modules. And – so we kind of move up the food chain as the new requirement comes in, we play in the market, we’re not competing with anybody. And we just provide the solutions. And so those are manufacturer. These are clearly – they are different. They are building modules. And we sign up partnerships, okay, for assemble these new modules. And it’s unprecedented. And a lot of testings, a lot of qualifications, MPS designed the whole system from a ground up. And so these are the – there is no such a facility out there. So we had to invent it, that work.
Michael Hsing: But these are – the bigger effect hasn’t really taken place yet. That would be a couple – a year or a couple of years down the road, you will see much bigger effect and – so there is a lot of the new – a lot of work to do ahead of us. And these are – particularly, these are new types of modules. Nobody else build the kind of things, okay? We’re ground up, we developed and we even develop a manufacturing and as well as testing the qualifications part of it.
Michael Hsing: Gaining share, it’s – gaining share is a difficult to count because gaining share, if the equals product is gaining share and going to be in a similar product. And – so you – our price betters, our performance better, we’re gaining shares. Okay. Now we’re talking about completely different things. And those market segments we want to get in there is less price sensitive, but quality, performance a lot more important. And now okay, we offer something that is a lot more than that. And 10 years ago, we said who do we compete with? And not a company sell controller and power MOSFET, they are separate, MPS is integrated. And now you’re talking about MPS, we – our product even on the silicon side. And we have microcontroller, we have a memory, we have digital, we have power. And very unique how we – what we – who do we display. It’s difficult to say it. Now it’s getting to use these type of silicon-based technology, we migrate out. We became a provider of total solutions. So how do we – who do we display, and okay, how we gain market share? It’s very difficult to say.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I think what you said partially is correct. I mean the other company couldn’t ship, okay, we have the inventories and again, we have a capacity to ship. But this year, particularly, we see things are very different. And a lot of products, especially we ship to these Tier 1 companies are from the industrial side, from automotive side and even the data centers. And they don’t – they didn’t intend to have MPS has a big – has a majority as a bigger supplier, where they give us as a backup and to test a lot. And in the last years, we shipped all these units, our failures, okay. We are far better than everybody else, and that’s one thing. The quality of – quality is everything. And – but they took a chance when they have shortages. And so we proved that, give us a bigger opportunity. We proved it, these products as better. Okay, as good as better than our – whatever the parts they design them out. And in the last year, this year, all the new product or the new segment start to grow out. And as our product, we can change it, we can reconfigure it. And that will continue, we continue to grow up. And as we see it at, we cannot handle all the projects. And so in the foreseeable features and these products will continue to grow.
Michael Hsing: Yes. I will come back to your questions. Okay. Now you said that you are growing a large basis, so you grow, okay, it’s difficult to grow. That’s kind of a built in everybody’s mind, okay? In my mind, I don’t have a limit. And the limit is within yourself, what to do. And people told me, okay, early on $200 million, it’s your barriers, like $500 million of barriers. $200 million at the time, it was a barrier at one time. It happened. And $500 million, it wasn’t okay, then people tell me, okay, you are going to grow $1 billion, you need to slowdown. And at the time seriously, that was 2017, 2017 or ‘18, yes, ‘17, I actually said it, okay, when we get to $1 billion, we are going to accelerate it. And that’s at the time, that’s how I see it. And now, okay, MPS, we are not selling silicon anymore. We are selling raw more than the silicon, and why not accelerating the growth. So, it’s – of course, I am not saying that now okay, a lot of things still depend on our execution. But only thing is the mindset when not dwell on selling semiconductors. And selling semiconductor is limited, but you have a lot of service engineering manpower, we can – our customers can benefit to it. That’s not – that’s unlimited almost.
Michael Hsing: Yes. That’s kind of things we are going to – of course I can all I will say, okay, we can charge as much as our customers available, okay. And that’s kind of a half BS , okay. And – but the reality is I think that we are comfortably stay around this mid to high-50s and 55% to 60% in the range. I think that’s a sweet spot for us. We are not going to print the corners for us to grow to over 70%. And when we get that, we get that, okay. So far, we don’t have headwinds. And I think the opportunity drives the model itself. In the next couple of years, I think that we are going to stay around this as we are now. So, maybe move up a slide later. I mean we don’t have – at least we don’t have the headwinds. And so after 3 years or 4 years we will see how we change our models.
Michael Hsing: We are not chasing the volumes going down. We are not actually MPS is not good at chasing our volume. We are not doing these manufacturing, okay. Actually, MPS doesn’t manufacture anything and the high-volume things, that’s not MPS forte.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Look, I mean we – and as a matter of fact, the form of MPS, from the beginning, so we don’t sell pin-to-pin comparables, okay. We – in a similar product, we offer the – actually, we are always a far better product. And much compact, much higher efficiencies. And as an also cost to play without the armor charge on the late and that is known for MPS, okay, and a one-time it’s early period of time, the MPS is like a price, kind of companies. And we actually – we didn’t, that means that we left a little lot of dollars on the table. And of course, we are not competing in that market segment anymore. Now okay, we offer either total solutions. And if you do – if you are mentioning up – if you are talking about any applications, they need power. And we are talking about electrical car, MPS can build a whole car and use electronics. And you want to build the data centers, MPS provides the entire product for data centers, and we are mostly there. And that’s how we sell value. And we are not competing on this product competes with that product. We have all software behind it. And we have user interface, okay, software that changes the game. We are not competing with the product per se anymore.
Michael Hsing: As you see – as you remember, MPS like 4 years ago, we actually built a car. Built a very advanced car and far advanced than any car that you see in the market. And with battery management and same time, all the motor controls, a lot more complex than the existing EV. And so just for the purpose, we can demonstrate we can do it. And now we can do it – and 4 years later, actually, we can do a lot more than that. And so that’s kind of examples.
Michael Hsing: Yes, as we see it. And okay, as we don’t want to – okay, what will we provide, not customer asked for it? Yes, we will do that, a customer do that. We should lead to customers. So, what you should need. That’s the game we are really playing, okay. We are playing ahead of game. And I think that all the power stuff like 48 volts, we said that this is like – we said that in 2017, okay, this is the futures, and we anticipated that. Electrical cars, we anticipated that. And so now we can, in the next few years, and we will see the very similar things that we will see all of these will happen.
Bernie Blegen: And just to add to that, that as the capacity restrictions are becoming less of a concern for the market in general, customers are asking for diversification as in a China plus one strategy. So we are working along those lines in companion to expanding our overall capacity.
Bernie Blegen: And on the issue as far as our cash position, which, let’s put it on the table, it’s sort of an enviable position to have over $800 million of cash and cash equivalents. And there is probably three things that we look at. The first is we’ve been consistently paying out a routine dividend. This year, it’s $3 – $0.75 per quarter, $3 for the full year. and we’re evaluating the sustainability at a even higher level. We generally announced dividend increases in February, comparing with our Q4 operating results and we’d expect to do so again this year. Another area that we found is very key and strategic to us is building out capacity. And we’re looking, as Michael said earlier, for different avenues in order to build out additional capacity. And in some cases, that may require additional investment. And then finally, as you also added is working capital, making sure that we have adequate inventory on hand in order to sustain our customers’ demand profile. And so right now, we’re still below our target of 180 to 200 days of inventory. So we will continue to be investing in inventories as well.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I’d say that particularly as we had this supply/demand imbalance and our customers are also looking for enabling technologies that the decision process for earning a design win where historically had been just on the lowest cost provider. Now things like the programmability, the flexibility, the time to market, the total cost of ownership are taking a larger weighting in the decision process, and we feel like we’re very strategically positioned to take advantage of that change in the market.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And just to top off that answer is that I don’t think our lead times were necessarily different from anybody else necessarily in the industry. But we have the advantage of having so many new products coming on the market, Greenfield opportunities, that we invested ahead of the curve, and that’s where we were able to have product availability when others didn’t.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And if I could just add to that is that we are looking at any areas of our business that might be susceptible to either backlog that is canceled or is pushed out. And keep in mind that cancellations are always a part of all semiconductor companies. It’s not just a one-time or a new event. And the fact of the matter is, is that any influence relative to the size of our overall backlog today is very minor. And so that’s what’s given us very confident outlook for the second...
Bernie Blegen: Yes. And I think just to echo a point there is, if you look at our revenue for the quarter, we grew 57%. And keep in mind that we’ve had one price increase, and that was in February this year for 5%. And so if you actually look at where the source of revenue growth came from, about half of it is volume related, and the other half is higher ASPs because the higher value products are selling. So that means that we’ve differentiated our supply chains. So we’re not just dependent on silicon-based products. It’s making total solutions.
Bernie Blegen: No, we really didn’t have much impact from the China shutdown. Obviously, we were able to record revenue growth that is well above the industry average. And the concern we might have had is if our customer supply chains got impacted. But we continue to hit our delivery schedules. And if there was an impact, I am sure we felt some of it, but it was very marginal.
Bernie Blegen: And keep in mind that we are still facing large delinquencies ourselves. And so we have had to be very cautious and opportunistic as far as how we allocate our wafer starts in order to meet real customer demand. So, I think we have been clear that during the first half of the year, we did a cleanup of double orders and have confirmed, as I said earlier, the MPS’ backlog still remains very healthy. And then when you look at the inventory in the channel, we are at lows. It’s very lean. And we believe we don’t have perfect insight, that the inventory on our customer shelves is likewise very lean because we have only been doing partial shipments there. So, as far as the markets we feel reasonably confident, obviously, notebook or some of the consumer could give us, we are trying to stay very close to that and evaluate its impact. But as Michael said, a lot of our new growth opportunities are in these large Tier 1 opportunities. And it’s that secular growth that’s really driving it. And that’s different from just building up in the channel or on customer shelves.
Bernie Blegen: And supporting Michael’s point there, you might remember six quarters or seven quarters ago, we made the statement that by the end of Q2 of ‘22 that we would have capacity to support a $2 billion revenue run rate. And I think that the key there is the execution and the focus and that’s exactly what we have done.
Bernie Blegen: Right. I would just add that I think that we reported gross margin of 59.0%. And as Michael said, somewhere in that area is sort of the sweet spot for our model that allows us also to accelerate our rate of revenue growth. So, it’s something that we will continue to evaluate. But I think right now, we are very comfortable with this being our model.
Bernie Blegen: Good questions. So, as far as inventory, keep in mind that being so much of our positioning is around growth that as sort of a risk management decision. We believe that 180 days to 200 days of inventory is what’s needed so that we can manage an upside in customer demand, but also if we end up in an unfortunate situation where we have lots of inventory that aren’t sellable that we can compensate for that without having any disruption to our customers’ production lines. So, I think that it’s been difficult to manage delinquencies while increasing inventories in order to support our model. But I think we have done a pretty good job in these really unusual times. And then as far as the capital requirements, I think we have talked in the past as far as what our spending rate is. It tends to be on a quarterly basis, can be somewhere between $14 million and $18 million per quarter with a lot of that being testing equipment or even if we are purchasing buildings, we purchase our own office space. And the first half of this year was a little bit lighter than our normal run rate. But I think 14 to 18, absent a big building purchase, is probably a good run-rate.
Bernie Blegen: I think an interesting dynamic that we have been observing is that power management was always an afterthought. It was the last thing after you designed your board and you came up with the least bad solution. Now, we are introduced at the very front end of the development of an application. And the reason is, is because our power solutions enable our customers to be able to develop higher-power solutions than they would otherwise. So, that’s an interesting twist in the relationship where we are being introduced more earlier to the process and able to jointly come up with the development of shared solutions.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that the themes that you are going to be seeing for the next 2 years to 3 years are the enterprise data and automotive. Automotive had a relatively slow first half, but that was exactly what we had in our expectations. There was no new surprise there. And we believe that in the second half, it looks very healthy as does the data center.
Bernie Blegen: Great. Thanks Gen. I would like to thank you all for joining us on the webinar and look forward to talking to you again during the third quarter, which will likely be at the end of October. Thank you. Have a nice day.
