Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure, Tore. Thank you very much. So, as you know, Q3 tends to be a seasonal quarter for consumer and we're seeing good traction and are good anticipating good demand actually in several of our different product lines – market segments there. In addition, we believe that automotive is going to continue to do very well. And then also, we have a number of areas in computing that are going to be continuing strong into Q3.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think that about a little over a year ago that we started slowly elevate our inventory levels as we introduced a lot of new products design for new markets. And then, as we're looking at entering the second half of the year, there have been concerns about fab capacity and so we wanted to get ahead of that so that we were able to meet demand. And so that's reflected in our inventory as they stand today. We expect them to exit the quarter probably about the same – similar level, but then come down probably in the subsequent quarters.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: And I think one of the interesting components here is that we're getting significant contribution from storage, primarily SSD, as well as the high-end notebooks, and we're only at the very early stages of the Purley conversion. So to echo Michael's point here, we see this being able to develop over the course of the next 12 months.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Quinn, we continue to look at our capital allocation model and it's something that we're mindful of, as far as what our investor feedback is, as well as what we think is best as far as the cash management for the company. So, at this point, again, it's under evaluation, but there's no firm direction.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. I think that the substance that we're really looking at, and while certainly the 20% number is a number that we've had in our long-term guidance, but it's really the quality of the new product launches and how successful that they're being viewed that we're very interested in. And all of the initial signs, as far as both the demand and acceptance in the market, has been very, very positive.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Sure. The e-commerce is part of our R&D spend. And I think that you're fairly comfortable with our management of operating expenses. And while we have significant opportunities ahead of us that we want to invest in, including the e-commerce platform, I think that we've always demonstrated a strong discipline, particularly on the G&A side.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Yeah. Again, we don't offer guidance more than one quarter ahead. So I'm not going to try and add too much color that we would give way any thinking there. But I will say that there's nothing currently – when I look at what the analysts and how you have us modeled out, there's nothing in that cycle that gives me pause.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Well, I think that it's hard to actually rank them, because a lot of the parts have so much similarity that we kind of make a very educated guess as far as which end market they go into. But I think that server, which has just been introduced right now with Purley, probably would be the number one grower over the course of the next 12 to 15 months. And then, SSD really has only been limited by NAND availability because that transition away from HDD has been very clear and apparent in the marketplace, so we see that continuing to go. And then high-end notebooks, we have such an underpenetrated position that we see that all as upside. And probably that would be sort of my rough ordering of it.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: We're in the very early stages, particularly, in the server workstation as far as being able to grow and develop that market.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: No, no, no. I think that one of the things that we're known for here is our level of predictability even managing a level of higher growth – significantly higher growth than the market is enjoying. And within that, we're not looking for seismic shifts that create a hockey stick, but what we want to do is a groundswell where we continue to grow. And we look at it over a two or three year horizon, not just how can we get to next quarter.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: The advantage of some of these new markets that we're developing in, they have much longer lead times. And so what we're able to do is, as we're looking even two quarters out, we have a very strong sense of what the sales mix is going to be. And if there's an opportunity to introduce lower margin business as a means of accelerating revenue growth and also continuing to increase gross margin by 10 to 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter, that's what we're trying to do. So, if we have the good fortune of having very high margin business come through, what we'll probably do is level that out with lower margin business in order to get a higher overall growth rate.
Theodore Bernie Blegen: Great. I'd like to thank you all for joining us for this conference call and look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter conference call, which will likely be at the end of October. Thank you. Have a great day.
Michael R. Hsing: Another factor is that we – all these greenfield market segments, which are of a much higher levels and a higher quality than in the past, five years ago, those are more consumer oriented, not in the industrial, automotive and cloud computing. And those customers require us to carry high inventory.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes. If you're looking at our website now, they've really changed. And MPS is transitioning from selling ICs, now we're selling solutions. Okay. Of course, it's based on IC. And we will sell a lot more higher content other than MPS product and that's included in our solutions. Now, you look – lock (14:40) on our MPS website, you will see it. However, MPS in the past, always a hardware company, now, we are doing a lot more software and a lot more Internet development. And it's a little bit slow than I thought, but our website will be launched in the second half of this year. In addition, what we have now, actually, is a bigger part of e-commerce business, is that the interacting with the users, and that the users start to order parts, and also configure parts from our website. You see it in the later second half of the year.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. Quinn, it's Michael. In automotive segment, we are so new and we haven't really scratched the surface. So our growth should be regardless what the automotive industrial condition is. So our revenues, our opportunity is – the ratio is very, very high in that case. So we have a lot of opportunity to grow.
Michael R. Hsing: I think that now you see that we move the needles. We'll move the revenue noticeable. And in the next years, we'll probably grow at a similar rate or even higher.
Michael R. Hsing: Well, we have a lot of automotive qualification, and as well as industrial and cloud computing, and a lot of qualification equipment we had to buy.
Michael R. Hsing: That's very possible. As I said about a year ago or so, this year, we'll see some of the greenfield market segment that we entered in the last two or three years, or three or four years ago, and this year, we start to see the revenues. So it's only got a few percentage change. It doesn't mean to me a lot.
Michael R. Hsing: Yeah. I don't look at whether 19.5% or the 18%, 21%. These are – the 20% seems to me as a psychological barrier and that I don't get it. Okay.
Michael R. Hsing: Products we're selling to servers and computing and desktop, I mean, not that are workstations, and the servers and the high-end PCs, these are very much – a lot of them are convoluted. But I would correct Bernie that, on the SSDs, they are different product. So if we rank them, I think of servers on the highest and then probably SSDs (25:19) second.
Michael R. Hsing: No. I'm talking about year-over-year growth rate and – not growth rate, the absolute numbers, and will be a significant portion of MPS revenues. So I'm looking at what kind of product. This year is mainly ramping up from a point of load, E-Fuse and some portion of core power. In the next couple of years, the core powers will start to ramp. And now, we have all the first tier customers.
Michael R. Hsing: Ross, look at the market segment that we entered, and we really announced about five years ago. And those are very slow – a slow changing market, and customer will not design us in and the design us out in a couple of years. Not in five, six years, these are 10 years plus. And that takes – the cycles take that long. So nothing changes very quickly. So once we roll-out all these products, the doors are open to MPS now and we need to grab all these sockets. So we will see some acceleration in growth, but very steady state.
