Meera Rao: Clearly we are very confident that this is going to be a growth year for us and we will outperform the analog industry [handling] again. And the reason we feel confident is the pipeline of design wins that we have and the number of growth drivers that we have. So if you look at the areas of growth, we have cloud computing, networking and telecom, SSD, sharp blade, set-top boxes, TVs, gaming consoles, LED lighting, automotive, security and various other industrial applications. When we look at all this and the momentum that we have going forward, we feel confident that we will have growth this year.
Meera Rao: Our communications; communications was down in Q4 largely it’s a demand for our older gateway products that were lower in Q4. And I think that’s one of the areas where we saw some seasonal weakness back in Q4.
Meera Rao: Going through the year, we expect all the gateway products’ revenue to continue to be up for the year, plus we have the newer networking and telecom revenues, which will continue to ramp this year.
Meera Rao: Right now, I would say that the mix has shifted more into the general purpose consumer. I would say that general purpose consumer would be roughly about half of business. And based on the new market that we're entering like gaming consoles, as well as LED lighters and battery charging, those are the areas that are driving it. So I would say that the more traditional market like TV and set-top boxes would more probably be a quarter and a quarter each roughly. So, that's even mix overall.
Meera Rao: It’s I would say fairly early for BCD4, but if you look at BCD3 and BCD4 together, about two thirds of our revenue in Q4 was from those two technologies.
Meera Rao: We’ve talked about this before. We would be interested in if there was a good technology (inaudible) out there and we would certainly be interested in those opportunities. So it has to be something that’s of interest to us that has maybe associated sales opportunities. So this is something that we have been looking at for a while.
Meera Rao: Our plan, if you have noticed, back in Q4, we have held our OpEx down, and that our plan is as we don’t need to do any investments right now to hit the 2014 roadmap. As we see our revenue increase, we will increase some of our investment in particularly in the [depth] in marketing area, targeting 2015 and 2016 revenue growth. You are going to see us come into target as you see our revenue, our top line growth.
Meera Rao: I would say this is fairly typical for what we see in most periods. As you know, we have mostly six to eight weeks lead time, so we have not seen most of the orders coming in, into the second half of the prior quarter going into this quarter. So in terms of linearity, it’s the same as it usually is.
Meera Rao: I would say that yes. For our revenue, for our OpEx, particularly SG&A if you hit the model, that is based on revenue growth. And I'm not sure if that we’d be able to hit that this year. But you're clearly going to find that any OpEx increase this year is also going to be driven by substantially higher revenue growth.
Meera Rao: Sure. As you know that a good portion of our revenue in the lighting controlled portion of it used to be all backlighting and we have been seeing this a transition more into LED lighting. And I think if you look at the most recent year, I'd say a bigger portion of our revenue is coming from LED lighting.
Meera Rao: I would say it’s a function of lower volumes of that. So, we expect margins to be similar to where we were in Q4 despite the lower revenues.
Meera Rao: If you look at TV, the TV business in 2013 was down from 2012, but we actually expect based on design wins that we would probably be able to grow this some. So when I look all across at all our different products, I don’t see anything in particular that would suggest that it will be a drag. Though I have to say that in consumer business, we look at each account by account to see which account we want to be able to support going forward. But I cannot think of an entire category or anything that we’re defocusing.
Meera Rao: We've done a lot of investment already in our testers et cetera. So we think that our CapEx in 2014 is going to be down to below $10 million.
Meera Rao: Sure. I think it was just a consumer business the seasonality that we had following a very strong Q4 where consumer was about 45% of our revenues and it also included areas like gaming which have seasonality going into Q1. And we saw, particularly in December, we saw -- we had higher shipments in December than is typical for us. So I think everything combined together, I feel very comfortable with the guidance that we have and constitute here the Street’s expectation.
Meera Rao: Absolutely, because Q2 and Q3 in particular tend to be very strong consumer quarters for us, plus you have all the other growth drivers in all the other areas that also ramp at the same time.
Meera Rao: And as I said, there are stronger shipments in December than is typical could be partly associated with it, but we did not want to necessarily jump to that conclusion.
Meera Rao: Thank you all for joining us for this earnings call. We look forward to talking to you again in April. Thank you. And have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: To summarize what Meera said, we don’t find any surprises. And as we go into Q1 of 2014 everything is still intact and everything is actually -- and many projects are better than we expected.
Michael Hsing: One of our products that we designed in early to middle of last year that will start ramping in Q1 this year and also Q2.
Michael Hsing: I think that it’s really a long-term growth for MPS. We did (inaudible) for the coming applications and that design activity happened in the past and are projected to be in the second half of this year and then (inaudible) on track, but to be a meaningful revenues we’re looking for what really happened here then, in the next year I think through the end of the second half of the next year.
Michael Hsing: Well, we haven’t (inaudible) really talk about industrial automotive, that’s one of that. I think also the LEDs and our cloud computing and particularly server size and then you have many products in the customer solutions are bigger platforms. We are expecting this year that we’re having some meaningful revenues. And in the last year (inaudible) get on the top customers and we generated few many model revenues and this year we experienced (inaudible). So I mentioned that automotive industrial (inaudible) and servers and we have other ones, but (inaudible) we will talk about it (inaudible) market shares and we really believe that it will continue to (inaudible) positions. And doing that (inaudible) as Meera mentioned about the internet, two years ago we designed -- many years ago actually sort of four years ago we designed a few products (inaudible) these are connectivity in the tough environment, these are micro solutions, 80 to 60 solutions for connectivity. In the first year we used that product and we can see the whole lot of activities. And last year, we do see a lot of activities from (inaudible) internet connected a dollar in the simple steps not other thing. So the revenues (inaudible) and it’s still too early to talk about, but we believe that it will come and there is so much activities and the revenue will, it’s just a matter of time.
Michael Hsing: Yes. And then we don't have it. We don't as executing our strategies and which we see it from the result from last years I don’t see a huge downside of a lot of headwinds I must say that and pressures from our gross margin. Although we do have all in traditional the analogs of traditional consumer products and which will fastly replaced by the new consumer products as Meera just mentioned and those have a higher gross margins. So I will say that we feel comfortable and we can improve the margins if not a lot at least a bit.
Michael Hsing: This year, yes we have design wins. And this (inaudible) and after that this is new state of art technology that really I am excited about this. Again this contents same modulating will really replace the traditional PWM pulse with modulation. We believe this match is the better way to do it and it’s like a breakthrough we took after many years and to define this product. And I think (inaudible) can be applied for a general market and particularly for, I mean the high current for this year and this year we generated revenues on using (inaudible) and also for next year, the module, a lot of module based on this programmable power technologies.
Michael Hsing: A lot of products from, a lot of demand is from (inaudible) leads some kind of small powers and also very efficient and efficient power converting from AC line and also small compacter. And so our product is outstanding in the segment. And also these some of the small appliances which connect to have quite some connectivity and we see some demand for that, but all those still at the beginning. A large portion of our AC to DC is really come from energy saving device and we call it ideal dialed and multiple lot of a high power product, computing servers and all that kind of high efficiency product which all products can just dropping replace a traditional dials and we see the ramp on that.
Michael Hsing: We feel a very normal, consumer is a little bit longer and little bit weaker, it’s in everything else doing better than we actually expected.
Michael Hsing: Vernon, you see our -- you commented for long enough (inaudible). We have to increase some of the -- we have to invest some of the items like R&Ds and further growth. In the past so you see it, if the growth slowdown, we can cut a few million dollars within a quarter. And we've demonstrated many times in the past. So, OpEx, the out of control OpEx, it should not be your concern.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, I think that Meera said that. As Meera implies more than half of it right is the LED lighting and to be more specific is these lightings not really consumer lightings and we are really targeting industrial and the commercial lightings. And so our solution, you won’t get it from these hardware stores for residential use, more in the industrial use.
Michael Hsing: Our first product is clearly is for the core in the high current telecoms and with power solutions. And then we will -- our next generation of module will adapt that kind of approach. And with the programmable we can service our customer through internet.
Michael Hsing: It’s utilizations and volumes and volumes and also mix of products and that. But overall, it was a drop of some -- a few million bucks and then the margin was even much bigger change. And so where margin still stay pretty flat and that's due to just as you said it the newer product to a BCD for -- now they’re really ramping up and so replaced older products. That’s the reason we can sustain the margins.
Michael Hsing: I am asking that you mentioned -- I think you mentioned TV; in the last few years we sort of want to minimize the concentration, but for this year and over the last year, I started looking at, there is a new application that is so called smart TV requires a higher current DC to DC. And very few players, very few suppliers, they can deliver cost effective solutions. And so MPS again, and think this year, at least I’m not optimistic in that segment.
Michael Hsing: I think that you -- to improve a margin is really, really is the product directions. And we move away from the lower price market segments. So I think that’s really the plus behind. Of course and continue to lower the cost and introduce a better technology that will help, but the main purpose is driving the performance. So for your model wise, okay, you look at our product lines and look at the product market segments, in all of them it should be higher than what the consumer product is.
Michael Hsing: Yeah, for the notebook side, we're not really a big player. We have some products for servers and for others. So we introduced the product to the notebook is very opportunistic. However, we do get some revenues out of this and we have pretty good margins, not [grey] margins. In this year I see that our product remains very competitive in that area. And I think we'll even gain some market shares in the notebook side.
Michael Hsing: Well, and I can say that okay all the analysts who cover this they’ll be very, very knowledgeable. And you guys are not silly. When I look at it, I look at the Q1 I would say that in consumers in particularly in the second half of 2003 going up substantially and in the Q1 is a little bit softer. And so, we can’t really -- in that kind of a business we really can’t predict very accurate. So that’s sort of my answer.
Michael Hsing: And traditionally in Q1 consumer is -- that's seasonality is the lowest to anyway. And I think that this year would be better than past years and then would have strong consumer content in the past years. But this year I would say that we have a high current product for TV and I think the consumer will continue to grow.
Michael Hsing: I think that may be this year or a little bit slightly earlier than the last years, because I can’t say, I can’t -- this is really a pinpoint. And we do see some of it that implies early shutdowns and that will affect the Q1 revenue particularly in a consumer site. But I don’t see extraordinary will happen.
